what is the exact height and width ? thank you 
hello , can someone list everything that is shipped with this unit ? how many paddles ? does it have the pouring shield ? thank you 
what is the voltage input ? 
does its head lift up to add ingredients ? 
what is the warranty with this machine ? 
what is the wattage on this mixer ? 
what is the warranty 
does a 7 quart bowl also fit on the 6 quart mixer . 
can this use on 220v ? 
what 's the difference between ksm7586 and ksm7990 ? do you provide international shipping to taiwan and warranty ? 
are the gears made out of plastic or metal ? ? 
does this include the pouring shield ? it is not listed on the items included , only the whip wisk , the beater and the dough hook . 
do any other size mixing bowls fit on the 7 qt . pro line mixer ? ? like 5 qt or 6 qt ? 
have you this model in 220 volts form ? 
does this mixer allow for the ice cream maker attachment ? anyone have recommendations ? 
does it move or wobble when mixing pizza , bread , or cookie dough ? my artisan model moves and i have to hold it everytime . must replace already . 
i just ordered this machine and want to be able to make breads requiring wet dough ( ciabatta ) . can it be used for such breads ? 
can the mixer mix really hard dough ? 
my 7qt mixer made ticking clicking noise only when kneading bread dough ( 3cups flour at speed 2 ) , is this normal ? 
what made you chose this over the commercial one ? 
i was thinking of using this a s a small desk . if you do not install the mirror will there be holes left open on the desktop ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the stool sturdy enough to hold 220 pounds ? 
does this item have an actual drawer , or is it made to just look like a drawer ? 
what is the height of each shelf ? 
what color is it ? it says cappuccino , but looks almost black ? 
what facility is there to mount to wall for toddler safety ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
12 oz ? 
do these glasses have the red lettering as in the picture ? 
do these glasses have the etched bicycle inside the base ? 
does the handle get hot ? is so , how do u use it ? thanks . 
would this work to make homemade tortillas ? i 'm looking for a press that i can use for that , and to press sandwiches & amp ; toast on my 10 '' flat ci skillet 
is this press good for bacon ? 
why not have a 10x10 square cover ? 
does the 8.5 pres l8sgp3 fit the 10.5 skillet 
what is the difference between using a flat skillet or the ridged one ? i will be using it for making bacon , stuffed meat and cheese pressed sandwiches 
why would i want this flat lfip3 rather than the ribbed lpp3 ? i have a ribbed lodge pan . i do not do panini . 
would tin foil plastic wrap containers fit ? 
would this organizer fit on cabinet door that is almost 1 '' thick ... what is the measurement of the inside of the hook that fits over the top cabinet 
would this fit over a standard sized closet door ? 
what is the width of this basket ? 
can the arms over door hooks be removed to mount on wall ? 
is it 14 1 2 inches tall or wide ? 
are they bpa free 
what are the dimensions of the item 
what is the number in the recycle triangle ? ? 
where did it made in ? 
how much does each individual container weigh ? 
has anyone tried to freeze a meal ( for four people ) in one of these , then transfer to a crock pot for cooking ? i am wondering if the contents after freezing can be easily placed into the crockpot and forgotten until dinner ... concerned about dimensions . 
what does the back look like ? is this meant to stand against a wall , or can it be freestanding as well ? 
can i leave the wine rack out when assembling or is it integral to the structure ? 
what are the dimensions of the open shelves and shelves within the cabinet ? i am wondering if they fit liquor bottles . 
is it really only 3 feet tall ? the dimensions seem a bit off . 21.5 '' x 43.2 '' x 36 '' ? what is the height ? 
does this kitchen island come with optional wheels so one can roll it ? 
does the towel bar come attached , or can you choose not to install ? does the length of 43.25 include the towel bar ? 
are the bottom pieces solid wood ( not likely ) or wood veneer ? what quality is the veneer - does it scratch or peel easily or seem pretty durable ? 
what does the other side of the island look like ? is it solid wood or does it have storage ? a photo would be helpful . 
what are the dimensions of this tob-100 ? 
your toaster oven descriptions should include dimensions and whether baking pan and broiler tray is included . 
size , l , h , d 
what is minimum temperature ? ie . 200f , 250f . maximum time ? 
dimensions 
what size pizza does this oven hold ? 
what is the wattage , or electric usage 
what is the size of the toaster ? 
can you use bake without convection ? 
what clearance does it need above the top and below cabinet ? does it give off a lot of heat ? 
how can i tell if it will fit ? how far does it lift ? 
how can i tell if i need the 80mm or 100mm cylinder ? what part do i measure on the old cylinder ? thank you . 
where do i find instructions for installing the new part ? 
can the metal cylinder be removed from the piston casing ? i just need the cylinder part for my office chair . 
will this fit a hon model d7442ab , serial 3ifw7 , made in 11 98. inner cylinder 1.1 '' , outer cylinder 1.5 '' , inner cylinder about 10.25 '' long ? 
bought a big boss office chair in 2011 will this hydrolic fit 
will this fit an aeron chair ? 
i need a cylinder for my harrington desk chair bought at office depot . which cylinder is the right fit ? 
is the black plastic cap shown in one image left on when installed , or is it just used for protection during shipment ? 
how weight will it surport ? 
the stated dimensions do n't seem to add up . what is the piston travel and the overall extended and compressed lengths ? 
what part is 100mm ? 
how do i remove the old hydraulic gas lift from my office chair and install the new one ? 
the shaft on my chair is a bit over 1 '' . looks like about 1 3 32 '' . do you have a unit that will work ? 
is this hydrraulic support 350 weight 
my main pipe body is only 1.5 '' diam . is this the proper cylinder ? 
is a gas burner ok 
may i use them with the electric glass stove ? 
what is the price for the double broiler 
does this item contain lead ? 
do these items have lead in them since thery are both ceramic and glass ? 
how are these glass and ceramic ? i thought they were all glass . i do n't like ceramic because it contains lead . 
i would like to know if this visions 4-pc cookware set is made in usa ? 
what size is the large saucepan ? 
can you use this cookware on a gas stove ? 
i have several pieces of cornflower blue original cookware , with lids , and also a large platter . where can i unload them ? 
corningware cornflower & amp ; l'echalote cookware from 1970 's : was it stovetop safe like these ? looks the same . i never knew it was for stovetop . 
is the large one large enough to roast a whole chicken ? 
does it work on glass cooktop stoves ? 
to be sure , how do people know these are made in france ? is it written on the bottom of the casserole dishes ? 
i need a replacement lid for the largest one ? where can i find one ? 
1 quart size ? 
what size are the two dishes ? 
i need lid for 7 by 7 and 3 inches deep 1 1 2 qt blue corbflower dish 
what are the sizes of the 2 casserole set ? 
is this item new in original box ? 
where are these made ? 
does one of the 2 lids in the set possibly fit on the frying pan ? 
does this product contains lead 
can these be used on glass stove tops ? 
i heard that ceramic can leech lead , and this has ceramic ! please advise . 
few pounds weighs this set of pots ? 
how many pounds does this product have ? 
do these have any parts that are made of metal ? 
i bought one and the muffins stuck badly . what did i do wrong ? grease it ? let it cool for how long before inverting ? what ? ? ? 
hi what are the dimensions for this pan ? 
does this make `` full sized '' muffins or mini muffins ? 
how much does each section hold ... 1 2 cup , 1 cup , ? 
is it necessary to use paper liners , and or butter and floour the cups 
is this lead-free ? 
i 'd like to purchse some stoneware for my kitchen but i 'm corncerned about breaking it . how durable is it ? also , space is limited . can they stack ? 
how does it compare to the pampered chef stonewear muffins pan ? 
does it have to be mounted to the wall ? 
is the back of the end that rests against the wall glossy white ? i would like to place this parallel to the wall instead of perpendicular to the wall . 
is it 41 '' tall ? 
could the metal guard rails be mounted on the other side if the shelves ? 
is it real wood or particle board ? i ask because i would sand it down and re-paint another color and if its laminate or particle wood , i ca n't . 
are the glass hanging rails under the top included ? 
do the railing on the shelves have to be on the right side , or can they be on the left ? 
i am very interested in purchasing this . is it possible for this to be delivered on monday ( 2 10 ) in redwood city ? 
what color blue is it ? 
is the comforter color of the background tan or beige or what color please ? it looks like it clashes with the white on the pillows . thanks 
will this fit a king size bed 
hello , is this solid wood or veneer ? 
what other finishes are available ? 
i 'm assuming the veneer is over mdf - is it the new mdf with lower emissions , or the older mdf ? 
how much wall space do u need from corner of wall to the end of one of the sides ? 
when will espresso be available ? what is the measurement of the edge from the back corner along the wall . 
what is the measurement along the wall ? 
what is the measurement from the floor to the first shelve ? 
got 4 different answers on how wide it is - which one is correct ? ca n't order if legs are more than 25 '' apart . 
how wide is it ? 
does it come with sheets ? 
is the conforter thick enough to keep you warm in the winter ? thanks ! 
what is the color of bed skirt & amp ; washing instructions please . thanks 
what color sheets worked for you ? if you got them on amazon i would love to know which ones you used . 
what is the size of the euro shams ? i need to order euro pillows to fit . thanks ! 
are the dark colors black or navy ? 
from the inside edge of the metal window frame to the screen is only 2 '' . will this fit in my window without having to remove the screen ? 
what are the sound ratings for the unit- in sones or db ? how quiet is the fan relative to other window fans ? 
will the fan kick on if the outside air isnt cool enough ? 
can this fan be used in a window that is a vertical slider , instead of horizontally , as in the photo ? 
does this unit filter outside air . i live in a high traffic area and outside air is sometimes dirty 
is a filter compartment a part of any new design changes for this unit ? 
is there a manual mode for exhaust only ? 
can i leave this fan in when it rains or do i have to take it out ? 
does it has any sort of filter , e.g . hepa filter , to clean the air ? 
how many watts does ecobreeze use while running ? how about standby ? 
i see a few reviewers have mentioned sanding and or applying varnish to this . is that necessary ? 
in the picture it looks like the leaf extends the width of the cabinet ( the leaf seems to come upward from the left side -- actual dimensions ? ) 
how tall is the island without the casters ? 
hi , would you please let me know if this has two drawers or one drawer ? picture shows two drawers but description says one says one drawer 
i have hardwood veneer floors . will the casters scratch my floor ? 
is the stainless steel uncoated or is it lined with a nonstick coating like some stainless steel products are ? thanks 
how would this work as a beer growler ? 
can you freeze in this container ? 
can you detach the handle so that you can clip it on to a backpack ? 
is this thermos dishwasher safe ? 
is the plastic cup bpa free ? 
does the plastic cap break down from hot water eventually ? 
can anyone tell me how tall the king thermos is ? also , what is the weight ? 
any warranty information ? ( i purchased this item 1.5 years ago , now the vacuum heat-insulating-layer does n't work any more ) 
does it really take 2 months to get it ? 
is there any red in this quilt , or is it more `` hot pink '' ? 
what wall color would you suggest or did you use ? 
does it come with the pillow cases or just the quilt alone ? 
what size is it 
i have black furniture with a light coffee color walls . do you think this set would work with black ? 
someone mentioned buying sage green sheets ( which i like ) . what color sheets and exact sheets did you buy for this set ? thanks ! 
would this be ok for boys room 
what has been the washing experience of people who have purchased this quilt ? 
full 
is there any brown color in this quilt ? 
how do skirts lay over this petticoat ? does it create a curve to the skirt a bit like a bell or does the skirt lay flat and straight to the ground ? 
what is the length of this slip ? 
what is the waist size ? 
what size witll waist fit ? range in inches ? will it fit a 36 inch waist ? 
is the hoop removable ? 
what is the difference between this model ( 00100 ) and the 3 1 2 gal model ( 085 ) that is less expensive ? ? 
is it dishwasher safe 
just want to make sure : with the ice compartment in place , it holds 2.5 gal vs. without the ice compartment , it holds 3.5 gal ? 
in one write up , i saw there were some gaskets involved . where are they ? and are they effective in keeping the unit from leaking ? many thanks . 
does the spout or container add any taste to the liquid ? we bought another brand and the spout was cheap metal and the drink tasted horrible . 
there is a big black gasket where does it go no instructions and putting together 
the holes for the spigot do not line up ? 
i thought i read a review where someone said the dispenser scratched when lemon slices were placed outside of the ice cone . is that true ? 
what color is the spigot you received ? it appears to be black plastic but on other sites it looks silver . 
if you make daiquiris , will that thik of a drink go through the spout ? 
does this have a hookup for the drinking water dispenser on our fridge ? 
my fridge does not have an ice maker right now does this kit includes all the neccesary hardware for the installation ? plug ans play ? 
does it include the tubing and saddle valve ? 
will this fit model tfx24r ? 
will the im6 icemaker work with a ge model tbx22macbrww fridge ? 
does the im-6 replace the im-4 ? 
does this ice maker is good for old model fridge general electric model tfa20jrsm 
does it comes with the wiring ? . 
will this fit the ge gtl18jcprrbs model refrigerator . the can 9 470269g48 was in before.. i was going to try the im6 if it compatable 
will this fit the ge gtl18jcprrbs model refrigerator . the can 9 470269g48 was in before.. i was going to try the im6 if it compatable 
is it a oem part 
is this oem ? 
does this part fit a whirlpool wfw8500sr00 machine ? 
will this fit on a wfw9450ww00 
will it fit a whirlpool wfw8300sw04 ? i 've seen some washers that have a bellows with a hole in the top left portion , mine does not need this hole . 
does this part fit a whirlpool washer wfw8400tw03 machine ? i need one urgent 
will this work on a wfw8400tb00 model duet sport ? 
hi will it work with whirlpool wfw9550wr00 ? 
will this fit on model # wfw8410swoo ? 
will this fit whirlpool wfw8300sw04 ? 
what hard start kit would i need for frigidaire ref . model frt21lr7abb . i can not locate the h p on compressor . thank you 
which hard start kit for amana model tc22kl and the compressor mod is ds110q22 . 
ohms , which wire is which ? common , run and start . also if the 3 in 1 is hooked up wrong will it fry anything ? 
i have whirlpool model wrt1l1tzyw00 with embraco compressor egx 60hlc 115-127v 60hz . is this the right hard start ? 
can this replace 378-454mfd 165 volts for embraco 1 3 hp compressor 
i have a 13 year old ge side side fridge freezer sxs-25 dispenser . would this work as substitute for start relay and overload ? 
is your supco rco410 still working since you put it on ? how often you see this supco rco410 goes bad ? 
does this fit kenmore 10659207992 
my kenmore side by side ridge stopped cooling . i have a supco rco410 . the compressor was hot - i unplugged fridge . how do i test compressor or supco ? 
how long does the rco410 normally last installed in a 2000 whirlpool 
some reviews say it 's noisey , some say it 's not . which is it please ? 
amazon states that this mini-fridge comes with an ice cube tray . mine did not . did anyone else get an ice cube tray in their fridge ? 
how many cans of soda can it hold ? 
how much does it hold ? 
is this item energy star rated ? 
is it frost free or do you have to defrost manually ? 
exact shipping weight and dimensions ? it says product weight 10 pounds and shipping weitounds shipping 
how much does this little fridge weigh ? the product details says 10 lbs . but the shipping weight says 37 lbs . is it hard to carry around ? 
i see the 19h and 17w how about the depth. ? ? ? 
does this fridge have a csa or cul electrical rating ? 
can you program this kettle to heat the water to 98-100 degrees every time or do you have to reset the temperature each time you turn it on ? 
does boiling water ( or steam ) come in contact with any plastic on the kettle or lid ? 
does it hold the temperature for a set amount of time after it reaches it ? 
how much noise does this thing make while heating up and at full boil ? 
is there anything in the box product confirming that the 1.7l kettle is bpa-free ? 
can you get a gentle controlled pour for doing pour over coffee or is the goose neck version better for that ? 
if the temperature is set for 100 c and you use the `` hold '' function , does it self-destruct by boiling dry ? 
can you leave loose tea leaves in the kettle overnight , and add more loose tea the next day while also re-using the tea leaves from the day before ? 
can you heat up milk in this kettle since you can control the temperature ? 
how long does it take this thing , when full , to reach 190 degrees f. ? 
does this item have an auto shut off ? 
i am struggling with which size to purchase . we are a small family of three with limited cooking space but think the 4 qt . too small . suggestions ? 
what size is best for a slow cooker ? the cuisinart comes in several sizes . 
i cooked a 2lb bottom round roast on simmer for 5 hours ... it burned ! what did i do wrong ? by the way , i 'm using the smaller 4 qt cooker not the 6 qt one ... i know that makes a difference . 
where can i purchase replacement parts ? my no stick coating is scratched . 
does it cook rice in small amount 
how do you roast in the multicoker 
maximum temperature 
is it possible to just toss in a chicken to roast and do nothing -- meaning , not drain or change temp , just come home 8 hrs later and eat ? 
i am finding it difficult to make a choice . i prefer browning on the stove top . would i be better off with a regular slow cooker ? 
what is the difference between this mixing glass and your seamless yarai mixing glass ? also , does this take a standard size hawthorne strainer ? 
what is the perfect size ice cubes to use in the mixing glass to get that perfect stir ? my 1oz . tovolo trays seem a little too big . 
when will more be available ? they disappeared from this morning when i placed in my cart and now , at lunch , i 'm completing my amazon order . 
can you pre chill the mixing glass in the freezer ? 
recently received one as a gift , but grooves were n't deep like in your pics here . are the pics pretty accurate ? how much can it hold ? thx ! 
is there a drawer , or is it fake - just for looks 
what are the demension of this table . i need 24h x24d 13 '' h 
does this table come fully assembled ? 
what attachments does this come with ? 
does this vacuum cleaner in the actual use of the process how ? used to clean laminate flooring , i do not know can achieve the desired effect ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
where do the tools go ? 
is this self propelled ? 
do you have to use the frabreeze filter ? is there regular filters for it i have asthma really bad and ca n't handle smells . 
how good is it when it comes to pet hair ? 
how many filters ? and where ? 
i need 220 w. did he goes ? 
belt for bissell 52c2 
does this grinder grind course enough for french press ? 
where can i get extra jars so i can keep different grinds at the same time ? 
how long does it take to grind coffee for 2 small cups ? is it possible to adjust the grind level ? 
would this screw on to a normal mason jar ? 
will this work for things like flaxseed ? 
unlike the hario ceramic coffee mill skerton , this does n't look like it has a lid . has anyone had issues with beans spilling out while grinding ? 
can anyone tell me if this is a conical burr grinder , or a wheel burr ? 
is it difficult for lefties ? a lot of mills wo n't work left-handed . 
can i get parts ? 
where is this made ? 
has anyone owned this long enough to determine how it withstands high humidity and does it remain rust free ? 
what are the shelves made out of ? are they made out of glass or are they metal grates ? if they are how close together are they . 
first is this more gold in color or pewter ? and is there a stone of some sort in the triangle at the top as shown is some pics ? thanks ! 
i would like to purchase the over the toilet space saver as well as the shelf to the left ( not the corner shelf ) do you also have this one for sale ? 
what is the size of it ? length , depth and width ? 
does it come with a hepa filter out of the box or do you have to buy that separately before the first use ? 
does it do bare floors 
is this easy to assemble and does it do a good job on picking up pet hair embedded in carpet ? 
in the specs it says this vac has a 14 '' cleaning path . unfortunately i find that hard to believed ... . what is the real width of the cleaning path ? 
is it good for use on wood floors ? 
a 2 1 4 `` rubber o ring came off and i do n't know where it goes ? also it 's cracked where can i get a replacement ? 
it stopped working after 9 months ? will manufacturer warranty covers till 1 yr or that 's the end of chapter for this vaccum ? 
how do i remove the hepa filter 
does it have a retractable handle 
how noisy is the vacuum ? my old one sounded like it was rattling apart from day one ! 
what are the dimensions ? as is measurements ? 86x102 would be a king 
i also want to know the dimensions , inches long by inches wide . jut saying its a `` king '' is n't that helpful . `` king '' duvets and blankets vary in size . 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the measurements of the comforter ? 
does it require to have the coffee maker hooked up to a water line ( plumbing ) 
does this product come with the gold-toned filter ? 
how long does it take to brew a pot full ? 
in my search i typed in removable water reservoir , but i did n't see anything in the description about that . is the reservoir removable ? thanks ! 
has anyone ever had the electronics fail on this machine ? i did after 18months of use . it 's a dud . 
we can not make this coffee taste right in this model . i took filters out , changed the water , it was better but still not right . any suggestions 
how do i clean it ? if im using vinegar , do i leave the charcoal filters in it ? 
what is the wattage of this coffee maker ? 
probably a dumb question , but can you control how much hot water comes out for tea , etc . ? 
can you use any kind of k-cups with this unit ? 
my toaster part works , but the egg cooking section does not work . can it be repaired ? 
are there parts available for this product ? the handle of the egg poacher broke 
is the teflon an issue if i only use this to hard-boil eggs ? ( have n't bought it yet . ) 
can you use egg beaters in it instead of real eggs ? 
what 's the difference ? http : i.imgur.com r7l4iu2.png 
sometimes steam and water sputter out when i make hard-boiled eggs although i measure the water carefully . anyone else have this problem ? solution ? 
hello all , i tried poaching an egg this morning but it did not seem fully cooked , though i did see steam . do you know why ? thanks ! 
my frying pan has a ton of coating flaking off- where can i get a replacement pan ? 
need to know the warranty period ... ? 
it says it ships to nz australia , which usually means dual voltage , but can this be verified somewhere ? it 'd be 110 240 on the label 
what is the electrical voltage ? 
is the exterior of this item hot to touch when the water boils ? 
how many cups does it brew looking for only 8oz . 
if one fills up the kettle with cold water to the maximum line , how long does it take for the automatic shut off switch to flip to the off position ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
is it noisy ? i 'm looking for a unit that will heat water for my office desk , but i need it to be quiet . 
where is it made ? 
is this kettle a dual wattage ? 
does the water touch any plastic or non stainless steel parts ? 
is this stainless steel or plastic ? 
to use it with essential oils , do you have to add water or can you burn the oil as is ? and if using water , what 's the ratio you use ? 
i want to order a few of these , my question is will a 1x1x1 wax tart fit in the basen or would i have to use just oil ? 
could we use wax instead of oil ? 
is it easy to clean ? with the `` gourd '' shape i 'm a little concerned that reaching in to remove oil residue will be difficult . 
the green looks more beige - is it a bright green or a beige green ? 
do you think this could be modified for a small light bulb ? i 'm a teacher ... ca n't have lit candle in classroom . 
can i use votive candle votive candle holders here ? 
i was wondering is this a `` good '' way to diffuse say thieves ? ? i am new to this `` essential oils '' world . ; ) 
i want to use a beeswax tea light . do standard sized tea lights fit this ? 
where does this ship from ? did shipping take a long time ? ? i 'm in the u.s. just wondering if its from china or something .. 
how long is the plug in cord ( inches ) ? 
is this an 1 temp . control ? 
what is the measurement and size of this grill and is it like grp4 the next grille ration grill 4-burger ? 
has anyone tried this as a panini press for sandwiches ? not wanting to buy this and a high-priced press . 
i need to replace the drip pan , but do n't see that as an accessory i can buy ? 
does this one have to preheat ? 
is this red red or pinky red 
what is the length of the cord on this grill ? 
is this grill `` smokeless '' when grilling greasy burgers indoors ? should it be used under an exhaust hood ? 
is there a dripping tray 
do you have a replacement carafe for this model ? 
it the faceplate on this coffee maker chrome or plastic . it appears to be chrome but i 'm not sure if it is or not . thanks ! ! ! 
does this have a permanent basket as a coffee filter ? my last b & amp ; d had one and i am trying to find the same thing . thank you 
does this have an 2 hour shut off ? 
when it is done brewing there is a pool of coffee in the filter ( about 1-2 cups ) . it eventually comes down . anyone else with this problem ? 
i have the cm2020b model , bought 11-18-14. it does not beep when done brewing nor when the hot plate shuts off . is this normal ? 
how long does this cofee maker take to brew a full pot ? 
how do you use auto clean 
is the digital time suppose to light up i have a black and decker 12 cup coffeemaker 
is this a standard coffee filter or a cone 
what are the dimensions of the toaster oven ? 
does this unit have the slots to allow it to hang under a cabinet ? 
how long is the electrical cord ? 
does this have a heating element on just the top , or is there one below the rack too ? 
does the toasting rack come forward when you open the front door ? 
can this model be mounted under the cabinet ? 
how long did it take to ship ? current product display says `` ships within 1 to 2 months '' . 
dimensions 
does it mount under a cabinet 
does the clicking noise bother you ? 
can you use the grill on the counter top ? does it come off the stand to use this way ? 
is the grill plate removable for cleaning ? 
how tall is the stand for this grill 
a couple of people said that the grill does n't get hot enough and the meat taste like it is boiled . have other users had this problem also ? you ca n't get a good sear on a steak if it does n't get hot enough . please comment . 
how can you plug it in for tailgating ? 
what is the dimensions on the grilling space ? 
how easy is it to assemble - what needs assembling ? i 'm not good at assembling . 
how difficult is it to assemble ? i 'm not good at assembling . 
is the top hinged ? 
vented lid ? 
is this coffee brewer bpa free ? 
can you use k-cups for this and how ? 
can you use k-cups for this ? 
what is the tallest mug you can put in there ? 
can you use any coffee cup and not just travel cup ? 
what size and type of filter does this use ? 
what is the power consumption ... how many watts ? 
can you brew using a disposable coffee cup ? 
is the mug metal on the inside ? ? 
what 's the voltage for this model ? 
how do i get the bread pan out to clean before first using the bread maker ? seems bolted down , ca n't get it out . 
i have another question . ususally how long does it take to bake a loaf after putting all ingredients ? 
the machine does not bake at all , i follow all instructions ( from ad . tube ) but at the end of the cycle , it stop and the dough get back flat . help 
whick baking options does it have ? i am especially interested in dough . 
hi . please let me know if this machine comes with an user manual ? also can you make cakes in this one ? how easy has it been to use the machine ? 
the 3-pound model has a delay-dough-only setting that allows for the dough to be ready to cook up to 13 hours later . does this model ? 
what setting is appropriate for banana bread , since the recipes call for quick bread cycles and this one does not have that ? 
where can i look for the manual ? 
`` does the heating element come on to warm the dough during the knead dough cycle ? i 'm looking for a machine which does n't do this . '' 
how much rice to water ? 
does this come with a measuring cup and a spoon ? 
cooker worked great so far , however nonstick cooking bowl top side has come out completely . is it sold separately ? where can i buy it from ? 
what country is this from ? 
what is the rice to water ratio ? i have been told 1:1 cup , 1:1 2 cups and 1:2 cups . which is it ? also do i have to rinse the rice first ? thanks . 
how many cups of uncooked rice can this hold ? 
does it work on an induction heater ? 
does it come with a rice paddle ? 
hi is this a 220-240v rice cooker . 
how does this do with smaller amounts of rice - like 2 cups ? i have a 1.5 cup cooker now , and really just need a little more rice ... 
measurements 
does this have an adjustable hinge for thicker cuts of meat ? 
can you cook 2 small steaks at the same time ? 
is it a grill that needs to be plugged in ? 
please what does it weigh ? 
how many watts it is 
when i pull the cord after cooking , it causes sparks ! should this happen ? 
are the grills detachable and able to put in dishwasher ? 
what is the required wattage for the unit 
what does this product come with ? just the grill ? 
how doe you fill it ? 
how do you open the grinder to fill it ? 
i am having the same problem ... how in the world do you refill this thing ? 
how many gallons 
is the tank glass , plastic or plexi ? 
do you still need to change the tank 's water in this kind of set-up ? 
is it self cleaning ? 
any of these reviews real ( other than the single negative one ) ? not a single `` amazon verified purchase '' review , and they all sound like ads for the product , mostly from accounts with just one review . 
how wide is the front shelf and can it be wall mounted ? thank you . 
my hair dryer would not fit in the new polder style station caddy . what is the diameter of the larger one that holds the hair dryer ? 
is there an organizer that sits on the cabinet and holds a blower & amp ; a 2 1 2 '' air brush ? 
is the background cream colored or white . people have concerns and so do i 
what is the seat height ? floor to top of the seat cushion & gt ; thank you 
where can i buy the matching pillows 
is the fabrix removable and washable ? i guess not , pls confirm 
what color are the chairs legs ? 
is this chair very comfortable ? 
is the background color more in the gray family or the brown family ? i have a dark gray sofa . will this chair match it ? 
what are the seat measurements , front to back and side to side ? 
so which dimensions listed ( 28 x 25.5 x 33 inches ) correspond to height , width , and depth ? 
what color is it ? the pic looks like the orange rust family but i see an opinion that it is maroon ? ? ? 
what is the seat height from floor to top of seat 
has anyone been able to find this fabric to make matching pillows ? 
how can i get this chair shipped to kauai hawaii ? 
what are the actual colors ? does it have red or orange in the fabric ? 
does the chair come in the box or as a 1 piece ? 
it says in the description that it usually ships in 1 - 3 months . is that true ? ? and if so why so long ? ? 
are these or are these not vornado-branded filters ? the reviews are conflicting . 
how do i put the charcol filters in the unit ? ? do i cut it in half 
does the vornado ac300 hepa air purifier need the hepa filter as well as the carbon filter ? i 'm confused ... . 
do i need to reset the system after i replace carbon filters ? i put two new ones in but the `` replace carbon '' light is still on . can someone help ? than 
hi will you be getting any more of the canon 70-210 lens travel mugs and how much did they sell for when you did have them ? 
does the logo on the mug say canon or canium ? or some other name ? 
what is the definite max volume of the thermo ? someone put 12-16oz , i definitely want a 16 oz . 
how many ounces of liquid will this mug hold ? 
what are the dimensions of the box ? 
what size is the flag ? i have a 3 x 5 flag and want to use it for an eagle scout display case . would it work ? 
what is with the holes on the frame ? it does not look complete since the holes are only on 2 3 of the frame . 
is it glass or plastic ? is it real stained wood or covered pressed board ? is the flag included ? 
are the metal brackets removable ? 
why so much for shipping costs ? otherwise , i would 've bought it . 
if you remove the wooden shelf , is there a gap in the black marterial in the background ? 
is the finish a cherry or walnut stain ? what finishes are available ? 
what are the dimension sizes of the compartments ? 
can the felt interior of this box be turned 90 degrees ? or could the entire case be mounted sideways so that the bigger compartments are horizontal ? 
i have a shot glass collection . is this deep enough ? 
what kind of hardware is required to mount the cabinet on a wall ? ( i rent an apartment , and i 'm concerned about leaving deep marks in the walls . ) 
i want to buy two of these . is there a combined shipping price for two ? 
what are the dimensions of the curio cabinet 
what are the dimensions of the curio cabinet 
what is the interior depth ? 
what 1 ) are the exterior dimensions , 2 ) height of the tallest compartment , and 3 ) the depth of the compartments ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
does anyone know where this cabinet was made ? 
which of the interior shelves are removable . horizontal only ? vertical only ? thank you . 
does this come in black ? 
i want to purchase this item in walnut but ca n't find it . can you help ? 
what are the dimensions of each compartment 
is there one or two hooks on the back for hanging ? 
can i display my sea shell collection here 
what are the dimensions ? 
does this filter fit the zd-010 10-cup water pitcher ? 
how many months doest it work by one filter ? 
does it replace all pitchers 
how long does each filter last ? 
i 've been reading about unsealed filters . are filters purchased through zerowater via amazon sealed and therefore , uncontaminated ? 
is this a new presentation ? do they fit my 23 c dispenser bought last year ? hope they last a few weeks more ! 
when i opened the plastic packaging my filters they are all dripping wet . anyone else have this problem ? been using for years and never a wet filter before . 
we have the 23 cup water dispenser , which filter replacement do i need to purchase ? or should i get them somewhere else ? 
my new filter block . water not filter through even overnight . any solution please ? 
why did the company change to a bullet shape filter ? 
how do i get replacement chargers ? 
what co2 cartridges do you use for this ? i ordered leland cartridges , they wo n't work . they are slightly shorter than the ones with the soda sparkle 
i have seen this asked , but i do n't think the answers are clear ... what brand of replacement chargers work in this device ? leland ? soda plus ? thanks 
when i go to the soda sparkle . com to buy new chargers for my sparkle , i just can not create a new account . where can i buy new chargers ? 
can i get co2 cartriges for sodasparkle maker from amazon ? if so , which brand ? ( i do not see `` sodasparke '' cartridges on amazon ) 
does this work with only water like the others ? or can you use juices or other liquids ? 
which size bottle does this set come with - 1l or 1.3 l ? 
how many bottles of soda can you make form one co2 cartridge and are they disposable or can you have them refilled ? 
i 'm looking for something to carbonate an mixed up cocktail , will the soda sparkle work for this ? tia 
how long does carbonation last 
can you use other cartridge than the soda soda sparkle ? 
are the flavors inside the box expired ? 
has anyone one found a usable co2 charger since soda sparkle seem to be out with no known date of being available ? ? 
how much soda does each co-2 cartridge make ? 
can you buy replacement brushes and beater bars for it ? 
does this kit come with a new brush motor ? 
i have a long-haired cat & amp ; the hair gets into the gears ( gives continual error 2 ) . does this assembly also prevent hair getting into the gears ? 
does this come with the brushes ? 
does this brush assembly include the gearbox on the side ? 
will this fit my 585 with a gray cleaning module ? 
does it come with four screws that attach the blue plastic housing to roomba ? i stripped one of the gold screws when i took out the blue housing . 
does it come with new screws , or do you use old ones ? 
does this add any value over the default that comes in the roomba 770 ? 
does this work on the 552 pet series 
can this go in the dishwasher ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? and how big is the top opening ? can it be used with the isi twist & amp ; sparkle ? 
can this be used to pour a coke in and keep carbonated instead of leaving it in a can ? ? ? 
do you pop ina canister and use ir up or do you haveto close it up wheb done 
do these bottles work with the sodastream source ? 
are sodastream products still being manufactured in illegally occupied palestine ? i wo n't knowingly buy anything made there . 
is the back of this comforter cotton or polyester ? 
how would this comforter hold up to cat claws ? would it snag easily ? we prefer comforters that are cotton , but i love the colors of this set ! 
anyone know the best way to wash this comforter ? ? ? i have little water spots on it already . : ( 
what color is the lighter stripe on this set ? is it cream , beige , white , parchment , mocha ... etc . ? 
please , tell me the weigth of this comforter . 
is this set sage and black or sage and brown ? the picture looks black 
is the black and sage ? or brown ? 
is this set reversable 
is it deep pockets ? 
hello , can u said what size is this blanket ? is it for two persons ? 
is this bedspread washable ? 
is this a lime green color or a sage 
hi just want to check before i buy that this is black white and grey 
how thin is the comforter . is it more for summer or winter time ? 
is the color white or cream ? 
is this a cotton or a microfiber ? prefer the feel of cotton . can you describe the feel of this product . 
do you need to iron this product or is it wrinkle free ? thx 
is this wrinkle free when washed ? 
i have a cream dust ruffle ... will this work with it ? with this king set could i get standard shams ? thanks 
is this cotton cover pre shrunk , or will it shrink in the dryer ? 
is the color of this item what the same as what appears in the picture ? what does the ivory and linen describe ? 
are there buttons to keep the duvet in place within the cover ? 
what color is it really ? 
are there sheets to match this ? 
will you combine shipping for multiple orders ? i want to purchase several sets ! thank you ! 
100 % soapstone ? 
i 'm giving as a gift - what kind of packaging is it in ? 
hiow many come in a set ? ? ? 
what size of bags work with this ? can you use the rolls ? 
what color is this - gold or brushed silver ? really hard to tell . 
who big is the device ? what make this one a better choice other food-saver vacuum sealant ? 
has anyone sealed corn on the cob in this one . i parboiled the cobs , shucked them , laid them on a towel to dry , my foodsaver does n't like the wetness 
can mylar bags be used ? 
do food saver bags have to be used or can other brands also be used ? 
does it have a port for my jar sealer ? 
what is the voltage ? 
how does the moist dry setting work ? what does it do to ensure moist foods vacuum and seal well ? 
is this 1 or 2 for $ 99 ? ? 
who makes it 
can you drink from it ? 
i hate it when sheets get little balls on them after you have them a few months . why do sheets do this ? ? is it the thread count or material . please help 
my mattress is 18 '' deep . will these fit ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
hi , a was wondering if this sheets are too hot ? 
i think of brushed microfiber like that on a couch made with microfiber - seems strange . does it feel look like a cotton poly blend ? 
are these wrinkle free ? 
once washed and used a few times does it `` pile '' ? ? ? 
i need 18 '' deep pocket . will these fit ? 
what is the thread count ? 
my size bed its 120 cm x200 cm europe , how should i choose the right size ? 
does the microfiber create a lot of body heat ? 
what is microfiber made of ? is it just poly ? because poly is what pills , not cotton . i like the feel of cotton sheets and do n't know if i would lik 
purchased sheet set , supposed to come with flat , fitted and pillowcases but just opened and there is no fitted sheet . please advise . 
we have lot a pillow case to this set . is there a possibility of purchasing a new one ? 
where is the thread count indicated ? the name of the product contains `` 1800 '' but nothing indicates that is the tc 
does this come with a bedskirt ? if not , where do i find one that matches the eggplant i want to buy ? thanks 
does the color of the darker sets ( like eggplant ) fade away by sun light ? 
i am not looking for a satin feel.. just regular sheets that are cold.. haha . are these satin- ey ? 
how is this microfiber with cat hair ? is it a hair-magnet , or more typical ? 
i ordered two sets of clara clark sheets 1800 count in queen size . i received the calla green but not the grey & amp ; i really need them.thank you , maureen 
the pillow cases on the set i bought have only one side of the open end sewn down . is this the way it is supposed to be or are mine defective ? 
what is the thread count ? 
do the twin sheet fit a twin xl bed ? 
what type of fabric is used in your sheets ? 
when you say 1800 series , what is the thread count ? 
does this set include pillow covers 
its so confusing , 400 v negative reviews , and more then 1000 v positive . where is the truth ? after the purchase , do u understand the dispute is about ? 
does anyone who purchased these sheets know where they were made ? 
what is its fabric ? 
will this fit a twin xl ( college dorm ) mattress easily ? 
are these sheets nice and thick ? 
i 'm thinking about buying these sheets however , i 'm not familiar with microfiber . are they breathable , will they do for hot summer nights ? 
what is the material ? 
how manny threads is the bed sheets 
why does the color make a difference in the price ? 
what is the size of the shipping package ? ? 
are they 18 '' deep ? description says from 16 '' . what does that mean ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the thread count ? 
i am trying to color match sheets to a duvet cove - is the blue vibrant , medium or light in color ? i need to match duvet cover with some turquoise 
my matres is 12 '' high will these sheets fit it . 
i have an 6 inch high mattress . will the fitted sheet still fit it well and no be all loose ? 
is the light blue aqua color accurate ? 
can i purchase just an extra set of pillow cases ? 
are they clara clark sheets as some reviewers say they received something else 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
is this truly says on `` required by law label '' - 1800 thread egyptian cotton ? wash warm and tumble dry , deep pockets and they fit snuggly ? 
thread count 
ask.com : 'microfiber is a man-made fiber that is made of several diff materials , inc polyester , polyamide , or other fabrics ? ' this sheet , which one ? 
i own a 585 sam roomba . what brushes should i order ? i have a 500 kit but th brushes do not frit ? can i send them back ? 
it wont work on dark-colored [ black ] rugs ? 
where to get virtual wall 
i have a irobot roomba 585 pet series , i clean everything and ready to go , but when roomba finish , did not pickup dirt . 
can this model be scheduled to clean ? 
what the voltage and does it come with multi plugs like an international adapter ? 
how noisy is it ? my husband is concerned about hearing it , or even stumbling over it as it is moving around . 
is it available for shipping to ecuador ? 
will this work on 220v 50ghz voltage ? 
is it available for shipping to colombia ? 
does this vacuum work good for picking up dog hair , does is have good suction ? 
does it make a lot of noise ? does it have an attachment for vacuuming couches ? 
i ca n't decide between the 500 and 501 style . does any one know if either comes with all the attachments ? that would help alot . 
will it fit under my bed ? what is the height of the vacuum without the lift away being detached ? ty 
is there an attachment for hardwood floors 
what attachments come with this vacuum ? 
what is the motor amp rating ? 12 amp ? 
i am confused . i thought the cleaning path width for all shark rotator lifaway was 11.5 '' , you are stating 15 '' . is it a special model . same prob with cord length . 
do you ship international ? 
where can i buy replacement filters for the shark nv500 
where does the enclosure sit on the pillow ? 
can you combine shipping ? i would like to buy a few 
is this pillowcase made in the usa and is it chemical free 
do you sweat in silk pillow cases like you do in satan ones ? 
there is only one pillow case ? not a pair ? 
where does this ship from ? 
are these made from the silkworm or the natural process involving the silkworm ? 
dry clean only ? 
do these come in king also ? 
my son first apartment do you think this will hold up as his first sofa ? i wanted to surprise him and not have any disappointment . 
are the coils in the frame or seat cushions ? also , how does reversing sides work w only 1 armrest ? 
how many pieces does the sofa come in ? i have a small tight stairwell which stops larger pieces from fitting downstairs . 
how comfortable is this sofa ? anyone have any feedback ? 
how many person can sit into this sectional sofa ? 
are the back seat cushions attached ? 
are any of the cushions attached to the base or back ? or are they all loose ? 
is assembly required ? 
are the cushion covers remoneable , for washing ? thanks ! 
is this sofa big are small size 
do the pieces all connect together or are they separate and simply sit side by side ? 
what are the shiping dimensions of this sectional ? i have a small door and am worried it will not fit through . thanks ! 
do you sell just the cushion ? i have the same sofa..i just need to replace the seat cushion 
is this sturdy enough to hold up to my teenagers plopping on it ? how about the fabric ? is it easily cleaned ? 
the picture shows 09973 but the description reads 09964. which is correct and would either fit the presto popper ? 
are there 8 in each pack ? 
do you get 16 total liners , 2 packs with 8 in each pack ? 
total of 2 pack of 8 hopefully is 16 ? 
is it fda approved food grade silicone ? 
hello ! just clarifying , each order comes with `` 2 '' molds , correct ? thank you ! 
what 's the capacity of the hearts ? can each hold at least 1 tbs ? maybe 2 ? 
what are the dimensions of each heart ? 
does this silicone pass the pinch test ? that is if you pinch it , bend it , twist it - does it turn white ? or is it a uniform colour throughout ? 
can this go in microwave ? i am thinking to use for for crayon mold . 
can this go in oven ? 
the product name says 2 pcs and also 1 pcs . it is very confusing . is this one or two molds ? 
what are the dimensions of each cavity ? 
how is the blade cleaned 
how does this compare with the slicer dicer on tv which has several blade options ? can you cut in different sizes and shapes ? grate ? 
how wide is the bottom ( diameter ) ? 
can the parts be unjoined to get it clean ? 
does the bottom come off so i can chop on my cutting board , which i did most of the time with my old chopper ? 
i ca n't get my tomatoes and onions to stay connected to the spikes . 
would this work well for shredding cabbage for slaw ? 
did this one come with the blade protector ? 
how many different blades are provided with this slicer ? 
is this a good cheese slicer ? 
how do you cut strawberries with v slicer 
would a 750ml bottle of patron fit ? 
it 's rotatable ? 
hello , i received this as a gift . unfortunately , a few of the spouts leak- is it possible to purchase a replacement pack of spouts ? 
when i pull up on the handle as instructed , barely any liquor comes out . any solution ? 
hello , its a rotating model ? 
what 's the biggest size of bottle can this dispenser hold ? 
is this a rotating caddy ? 
does the 6-bottle caddy also have led lights or just the 4-bottle caddy ? 
i need your caddie for fruit purees ... the bottle top is bigger than a standard booze bottle ... will this hold a bigger bottles ? 
how can i get replacement parts for liquor dispenser . 
will this fit an average size 4 year old girl ? 
what size ( approx ) is the child 's apron ? 
what does it say on the bib of the apron 
in the photo the fabric is very reflective , do the sheets have a cotton 'like ' sheen similar to the picture ? 
the egyptian consulate never heard of 'egyptian microfiber ' , is it like a cotton plant ? 
i understand that there is no complete duvet cover ? only four sheets ? 
if i do n't like the quality , can i return them ? 
someone said the ice cream pail is made of stainless steel . is the inside of the bowl stainless steel or just the outside ? aluminum inside ? 
what is the warranty on this machine ? thank you 
i 've read where some of these ice cream makers have plastic paddles that can fail . what is this paddle made of ? has anyone had one break ? 
does this ice cream maker have it 's own compressor ? 
what does the 2 year warranty option cover ? 
of what material is the ice cream pail made ? 
how many amps does this machine draw ? 
do you have to freeze the mixer bowl first , or just plug and use ? 
how many volts is this ice cream maker ? 120v only or 120-240v - i need to know whether i need a power inverter or not if i purchase 
will it handle gelato ? 
are these made in china ? 
are these mugs microwave-safe ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
are these mugs microwaveable ? i am thinking of using them for the new , popular mug cakes i see recipes for everywhere ! 
where are they made ? 
hi , when you place these in the microwave , do the handles get hot or heat up at all ? 
mug tree ? 
do these spoons have any kind of varnish type of coating ? 
does this have a logo on it ? i do not like logos thank you . 
what is the diameter of the handle ? also , is the entire spoon 12 '' or is it just the handle ? 
where are these spoons made and what kind of wood are they made of ? 
what is the diameter of the carousel ? 
can send to macao.. ? how about the delivery ? 
can you put them in the dishwasher or will the colour come off eventually ? 
stamped or forged ? 
where was it made ? 
is this ceramic ? 
is the lid plastic or silicone ? 
does this cup hold an actual 12 ounces ? i 'm just trying to compare it to the 16 ounce cups advertised on this site which actually holds 12 ounces . tha 
is the green sleeve removable ? 
is it microwave safe ? and is the lid easy to clean , or are there inaccessible areas ? thanks 
how would i go about getting a replacement lid ? lid completely melted first time in the washer . no issues with the actual mug . 
does this mug fit well in the car cup holder ? 
can this mug go in the microwave ? 
is the plastic lid bpa free ? 
what is the difference between the models filtrete 4us-maxl-s01 and filtrete 4us-maxs-s01 besdies $ 20 ? 
do you have to use the included water dispenser our can i keep my faucet sprayer and connect the filter to the faucet cold water line only ? 
does this kit come with a faucet or some other form of dispenser ? 
what replacement cartridge goes with this model ? 
can i use this in my bathroom sink and run hot water through ? i am looking for water source conveniet in the bathroom , for safe warm nasal irrigatinga 
question to people who own this , when you pour a glass and hold it up to the light , are there hundreds of tiny bubbles that disappear eventually ? 
will the filter connect to a regular kitchen faucet ( price pfister ) ? or would it lose water pressure ? 
can you tell me if the included faucet is brushed nickel or chrome ? 
does the new filter make a rattling noise when you shake it lightly ? is it normal ? 
what color was the filter faucet- chrome , stainless ? 
is it possible to build the unit and leave off the top portion which holds the tv ? 
what is the height of this ? i want to make sure that the tv will be at the correct viewing height if i mount it on the wall on top of this . ( 75 '' tv ) 
can it be built without putting the glass doors on it 
can you fit a chunky a v receiver in any of the glass sections ? 
does anyone know how much weight the top shelf will support ? tv weights 115lbs 
could anyone tell me how tall the legs on the bottom of the cabinet are ? could they be left off ? please and thank you ! 
can you leave off any or all of the lower vertical dividers ? i 'm guessing i would then also have to leave off the doors in those sections ? 
do you need extra tools to put this tv bench together ? or , does everything you need comes in the box ? 
what is the height of the upper shelf ( sound bar location in the photo ) ? 
hi , all . is this cabinet really made of wood or is it mdf composite ? thanks ! 
cable management system is mentioned on another sonax product . does this item have this feature ? what does this mean ? 
i 'm going to place this in an enclosure that held a projection tv and will now be the stand for my flat screen . this is 66 inches wide and the wall enclosure is just 90 inches wide . do the `` sliding '' doors slide inward vs. outward ? i 'm afraid i wo n't be ... 
are the glass panels easily removable if there is an ir issue with remotes ? 
do you have to assemble this ? 
are the legs ( feet ) wood or plastic ? 
our center channel speaker measures 22-1 8 '' wide x 11 '' high . will someone please let me know if the space will allow our speaker to fit ? 
is this black or a very dark brown 
what is the height and interior shelf depth ? 
my av processor is 7.5 '' tall , is the shelf adjustable or fixed ? thanks 
can the doors be taken off once assembly is complete ? 
are shelves on the sides adjustable ? 
will it fit 16 '' deep a v ? 
does this comes as a readymade unit or does it need to be assembled ? 
how deep are the shelves ? i need to fit my pioneer elite receiver in it which is 17 '' deep . 
does it take out all sediments and smelly water 
do you have a 1 '' in out ? 
a picture on amazon of 4wh-qcto-s01 shows copper lines attaching to green whole house base unit . what size are the inlet and outlet on the base unit ? 
dose the filter come with just the filter and the fitting to install on to my pipes 
what is the micron rating on this filter ? trying to read the box on line looks like says something like 'best 3 micron ' can anyone answer this ? 
does it take out smelly water 
are the colors red or more burgandy 
does this collect pet hairs easily since i have small dogs . 
is 104 length or width ? 
what is the 3rd color ? it is tan , burgundy and what ? is it navy blue or is it black - i ca n't tell 
is it actually burgundy as advertised or red ? 
how is this when washed ? 
what is the largest skillet that can be used effectively . i like my 14 '' skillet . 
do you have to use nuwave cookware ? i do not want to buy new cookware too . 
is there a portable induction cooktop that performs well ? will you send me the name of the product ? thanks . 
the instructions indicate this should not be placed on top of stove for use . if i place it on a thick wood block on my stove would there be a problem ? 
is there a difference between the pic & amp ; pic2 models listed on amazon.com ? if yes , what is the difference ? 
can you do canning ( water bath and pressure ) on a nuwave ? 
why wo n't it work in our big truck ? the regular nuwave oven works in there 
does this come with carrying case , dvd , and instructions ? 
the tv ad states once you remove the pan the cooktop is cool enough to lay a hand on . mine is still hot enough to burn your hand . what 's up with that ? 
do you have to buy a warranty separately ? 
it 's hard to tell the embroidered leaves ... is the color sage green ( the leaves ) ? thanks ! 
is there possibly a way to buy the embroidery fabric same as on the bedspread ? i would like to make drapes to match . i keep researching drapes and have found nothing that would match . please let me know . thank you . 
is it machine washable 
is this available in queen ? please say yes . 
how does it feel ? is it soft ? i would hate for it to be scratchy and stiff ! 
is this washable 
what is the color of bed skirt ? 
what color is the leaf pattern and flowers ? 
is the red on this comforter a true red or more burgandy ? 
hello , i am going to order the madison park serene set . i had a few questions . do you also have available the european shams , matching sheet or drapes 
what does the top look like that we ca n't see ? is there another section of the ivory with embroidered flowers , or red ( pleated ? ) or more brown ? 
is there a recommended gauge wire ? 
are the connections on the back solder only ? or are they blades that will accommodate a spade connector ? 
would this allow for the use of a standard power cable instead of soldered connection inside the cabinet ? 
are there solder connections on the back side of this unit ? 
where can i find the hole mounting informartion 
are there directions available anywhere on how to wire a female end of an iec cable to the non-visible end ? 
does it have lead in it ? 
do you need `` man strength '' : ) in order to use this effectively ? 
what is the orange spiral thing in the center do ? is it flexible ? does it extend into the drain ? 
as much as i hate to ask someone , is there any kind of instructional video that could be made ? it might help prevent improper use . 
does it work for elongated toilets ? 
how to use the rotorooterplunger 
this is for shower drains too ? 
for any person who has owned this blacket for some time , do you notice any issue with pilling shedding ( like many other electric blankets do ) ? 
hi . how long have you had this blanket ? is it still working ? pros & amp ; cons please . i have seen several reviews that it only lasted days or a few weeks . it is too expensive to be disposable . thank you 
how does it perform after washing ? it seems every electric blanket we 've had never works the same after it is washed . 
there seems to be conflicting information in reviews . does this blanket pre-heat the sheets ? 
where it make that from ? 
can you use an extension cord ? 
is this the same blanket as the soft heat micro-fleece low-voltage electric heated blanket . the reviews and problems seem to be about the same . 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it ok to use comforter over the blanket ? should you put top sheet underneath the blanket ? 
size of the twin and queen 
how long does it take to warm up this blanket 
are the controls wireless ? i have an electric warming blanket that 's at least 10-years old . i really like it but realize it wo n't last forever . 
does this product have a manufacturer 's warrantt 
what is the voltage ? 
does it say on the packaging a weight limit ? 
will this medium size hold a curtain rod ? ( planning to use several to hold the rod , but need to know if the rod will sit in the hook ) . 
can i hang a towel on it 
can these be used inside the shower ? 
good for hanging kids coats ? this size ( medium ? ) 
are the dimensions really 1.6 x 4.2 x 6.1 inches ? i saw similar ones at the container store that claimed dimensions of 1 '' x 1-1 2 '' x 3 '' h. thanks ! 
the package says 3 hooks ... but the title says 2 ? ? 
are the command medium designer hooks , brushed nickel , 2-hooks made of metal or plastic ? 
waterproof 
does this mug have any thermal properties ? in other words , will it keep tea hot for an hour or so ? 
is it leak proof ? 
is this just one cup ? is it a random color you get ? 
is there a difference between the sistema 21107 mug and the sistema 656 ml . ? 
howmbig isnthe cup in ml or oz ? 
where is the product made ? 
how do i choose a color ? i want the pink one 
is this the same as the sistema 656ml soup mug , or is it the same mug with a different name . 
how is this board finished ? oil , polyurethane , natural , etc . 
how do you clean this cutting board ? 
can this board be used on both sides ? 
after you have placed your mineral oil on it do you need to clean it off before you use it to get oil off from getting on the food ? 
are the madiera mario batali cutting boards reversible ? 
can you clean this with regular dish soap to disinfect after meats 
can you use both sides of the board ? 
how is the juice groove - large enough ? 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
how is this cutting board as far as slipping around the countertop ? 
what are the dimensions ? will it fit on a 39x75 twin bed ? 
is this product just the bedding or it comes with the bed frame and the actual bed 
does this set include six separate pieces - one dust ruffle to cover the trundle , one cover , and three shams ? 
what are the dimensions of the top of the cover ? if you are looking down on it , what is the w x h of the rectangle top . 
is this item washable ? 
is the skirt long enough to hide a trundle bed underneath ? 
does the quilt drop to the floor on the front and both ends , i am most concerned about the ends . thank you ! 
what is the drop on the bed skirt ? 
the darker part at the bottom , is that part of the cover or a separate piece ? 
are the pillow shams as shown in the photo with two that match and a third with ruffles ? 
are these ceramic or plastic ? 
how tall are these bowls ? 
are these bowls dishwasher safe ? 
is this dishwasher microwave safe ? 
do these have to be wet to light up ? 
they do not have on and off switch as stated unless i 'm missing something ? 
are you able to turn these ice cubes on without submersing in liquid ? 
has anyone discovered if the batteries are replicable ? 
do these float ? 
are the battery source replaceable ? 
what is the size of these led ice cubes ? 
how does it work 
can 2 of these be stacked ? 
does this rack store the bottles at the proper angle ? 
my under pantry space is 11 '' high and 34 '' wide . can two of these fit 12 traditional wine bottles ? thanks 
could you mount this under a cabinet ? 
hello . thanks for that . the dimensions noted are : 12 x 5.2 x 8.1 '' . which is the width , and the depth ( front to back ) dimension ? thanks . 
hello . could this wine rack sit vertically instead of the position in the photos i.e . would it stand on its side ? thanks . 
what is the height when 6 bottles are on the cart ? i have a spot in mind to place the rack , but it is less than 12 '' high . thanks ! 
does it hold champagne bottles 
will it hold champagne or pinot noir-sized bottles ? 
how many and what type of batteries doe it use ? 
does it crush the ice ? 
so is the plastic red , like the picture , or silver , like the thumbnail ? 
does this work with 220 volts power ? 
i seem to be the only person not able to open this shot glass up . i 've twisted it in a hundred different ways and ca n't get this thing unscrewed . 
what are the measurements of this ? 
is there anyway to personalize this flask with lettering or engraving ? 
is there any way to reduce the rattle sound ? i see by its design why it rattles , but i could foresee that being a problem if i 'm trying to be sneaky . 
how big is the opening of the flask ? i 'm trying to find a good funnel for it 
how many oz 's does the flask hold ? 
just wondering if this has any where it can be engraved after i receive it 
any plastic parts ? 100 % stainless steel ? 
does this flask come with a filling funnel ? 
is it a glass lid ? 
how deep is it ? is induction compatible ? 
it may be a stupid question , but may i ask if it 's used over electricity or fire ? or both ? thanks a lot ! 
does it made in germany ? 
does it has steam stool inside ? 
does this have a round bottom or a flat bottom ? 
is it made in china ? thanks 
what are the dimensions of this pan , height , lenght , depth ? 
largest lbs turkey will fit ? 
does it come with a rack 
is it made by germany ? or made by china ? 
will this roaster roast a 12 pound turkey ? 
with the lid on , what is the total height inside the roaster ? 
do you know if this pan will work on an induction stovetop ? thanks in advance for you reply ! ! 
is it made in usa 
does it have a grill or grate inside ? 
what is the capacity , how many quarts ? 
country of origin ? 
does it come with a warranty ? 
will these pans cook on induction stovetop ? can they cook in the oven ? the amazon description here is quite limited . thanks for any answers . 
does the food stick to the pans ? 
where the cookware is made ? 
is it made in germany ? 
do the handles get hot while cooking with induction ? 
is it induction compatible ? 
what are the diameters of each pot ? 
is it really made in germany ? i 'm so doubtful because it is so cheap . waiting for the answer from someone who actually bought this product ! ! 
are these water proof ? 
what is the depth dimension measurement ? i need a secure zippered cover that will include my 12 '' air mattress & amp ; a 4 '' memory-foam topper . 
does this mattress cover stay securely in place ? 
has anyone used this cover on a latex mattress ? would it be too big for a 6 inch latex mattress topper ? 
how deep is the cover ? 
is it waterproof ? 
is it really thin ? does it provide a decent level of protection ? 
is it six sided coverage ? 
does the zipper close on the end , or on the side ? ( it 's going on a sleep number bed and needs to leave a small opening on the end for the air hoses . ) 
two questions : 1. does anyone use this on a memory foam mattress ? 2. how does it hold up when washed dried ? thank you ! 
how many inches deep is the cover ? 
can it be used on an induction cooktop re : nu wave 2 ? 
will the orgreenic griddle grill pan leave marks on my pancakes and fried eggs since the pan has raised bumps on it ? 
will the orgreenic griddle grill pan leave marks on my pancakes and fried eggs since it has raised bumps on its surface ? 
can it be used on gas stove 
what size is it 
is the product made to cook food inside an oven or on top a stove ? 
what is the size of the pan ? 
can you make quesadilla 's on it ? can you use it on a gas stove ? 
does this need to be pre-seasoned 
what is the real shipping weight on this item ? 
how can you make this popcorn taste a little more like movie theater popcorn ? 
how does the popcorn taste ? 
does it work with 220v or only 110v 
what is the finish size 
how do you get the popcorn out of the machine ? 
volt plz ? 
do have to pay to get the popcorn ? 
can you use this outside for a birthday party 
why is it that some of the popcorn didnt come out it just moved around in the hole.. am i suppose to heat it up longer or what so it will pop all out 
how much popcorn does it actually pop per use ? 
my scale turns on but does not register any weight . has anyone had this problem ? 
what increments does this weigh in ? such as 1.0 gram , 0.1 grams , or 0.01 grams . 
what is the max weight for this scale ? 
what is the length of the stem ? or what would be the max size of the bowl that can be used on this scale ? 
how do i get the actual battery out to replace ? i have the cover off but can not get the battery out . can anybody help please ? 
does this scale need to be calibrated ? 
is the joseph joseph triscale accurate ? 
i got this scale , but i can only get standard measurements in tenth of ounce ( e.g . 1.5 ) , not fractional ounce ( e.g . 1 1 2 ) . am i missing something ? 
what kind of battery does it use ? 
what is the diameter of a plate that will fit on this and still be able to see the weight ? 
i have never heard of anything being rolled to 1 6 of an inch . does anyone know if it is actually 1 8 of an inch ? 
is this really 16.5 inches long , or 13.5 inches as the reviewer says ? 
why is this listed as $ 308.00 ? 
how heavy is the complete rolling pin ? 
has anyone used this to roll out pasta ? 
what are the numbers on the rolling pins for ? 
has anyone used this to roll out clay to make hand-built pottery ? 
also , do you have 1 8 inch disc available ? 
tart tamper 
why if i have one on order and when i originally placed my order they were in stock and they are still in stock my order shows it wo n't be shipping until may 23 thru june 7th . i bought this as a gift and when i purchased it it was to be received via 2 ... 
no mention of size ? how much do these hold ? 
are these bowls microwaveable ? they seem ok to use as lunch bowls also ... 
do the bowls have lids ? 
what is the material used ? ceramic ? silicone ? bpa free ? thank you . 
does 2 pillowcases come with set ? 
does only 1 pillowcase or 2 
is there only one pillow case in the king set or two ? description says 1 , but i 'd expect 2 since it 's a king set . 
can you also plug into an outlet ? 
does it require pre-boiled water or does it have a boiler internally ? 
can you use ground coffee ? or you need the e.s.e pods ? 
how loud is it ? i 'm looking for a solution for crappy work coffee but i ca n't have something that is loud 
where it made ? china ? usa ? 
anybody use it on a boat ? this sounds like the answer to my prayers ! 
do you have to use the e.s.e . pods or can regular espresso coffee also be used ? , i very much dislike the e.s.e . pods . in addition are you aware of any dc to ac converter available so that can be used in a regular house receptacle . thanks 
hi , im from argentina , mi name is marcos . do you have in stock 300 unities of this product ? can i recieve them in argentina ? thanx , marcos 
how do you get the spice refills ? 
what are the dimensions of the rack ? i have a narrow cabinet it needs to fit into . 
how many ounces does each jar hold ? 
does the used spice rack have de 5 yrs refill too ? 
does the refills come with glass bottles or just in sealed bags ? 
hello , how do i refill each jar ? where do i have to contact to ask for the refill when the spices are over ? 
what are the 16 spices included ? 
does this water bottle sweat ? 
how is this bottle with condensation ? 
is this water bottle dishwasher safe ? thanks ! ! 
does this water bottle work good with hot stuff ? 
are the plates heavy ? 
where was the product made ? 
do these plates have a 1 '' flat edge around the circumference ? 
i have some stoneware that was easy to chip . does this seem easy to chip ? 
has anyone else had problems with this in the microwave ? 
does anyone know if the rachael ray eggplant color serving pieces coordinate with these dishes ? 
ordered this set & amp ; although they are described as porcelain there is no marking on the plates that confirm this . are they porcelain ? ? ? 
are the cereal bowls stackable so they take little room in cupboard 
a , re the dishes thin like corelle ? 
are they thin like corelle or like stoneware ? 
is this a good product for confetti poppers ? 
if i were to make ice pops in these , how would you pour the mixture in them without a mess ? do they stand on the base for re-filling ? 
how come the lid in the picture looks different than the lid on the pictures posted by one of the customer ? 
can these hold liquid ( like jello ) or do they have holes at the bottom ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
i want to use these for my wedding ceremony exit with some confetti ... do you think they would work ? thanks a lot ! 
what did you use them for ? 
are they messy ? 
i have a stroke , meaning ihave one usable hand . will this bread slicing guide help me or not ? 
i make a 2lb loaf . will it fit ? ? ? ? ? 
how high can the bread be ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
where is this made ? 
washing instructions 
are the cutting slots wide enough for an electric knife ? 
can i slice artisaal bread that is typically 8 inches by 8 inches ? 
where was it made ? 
is there a place for books to rest on the sides or do you have to use bookends to keep them upright ? 
is this in stock ? if i purchase today when will it ship ? your shipping details say 1 to 3 weeks . i can not wait that long , so when will you ship and d 
the metal finish says brown black , is it rustic brown or black ? also , is it real wood or mfd wood ? lastly , is the finish smooth or rough ? 
what is the height between shelves ? 
how thick is each shelf ? 
can this be installed behind a toilet , sans 2 bottom shelves ? i 'm worried the top shelf will keep it from sitting flush against the wall . 
what is the clearance from the bottom shelf to the floor ? i need this to fit over a heating grate . 
how much can the shelves hold for weight ? like to use it for stereo rack 
what is the weight limit per shelf ? 
what is the distance from the floor to bottom of the second shelf , and are the sides completely open or is there a bar across sides for each shelf ? 
can this couch withstand dogs playing on it ? 
what are the dimensions of the sofa when it is fully reclined with the trundle in the up position ? 
i see dimensions listed as 82.5 x 63 x 15.5 -- is that based on just the seat and trundle , or is that the size after the back as been fully reclined ? 
what are the dimensions of the fully reclined `` mattress '' ? what mattress cover and sheet size would fit ? 
can i fit this into an upstairs that stair way is only 30 '' wide ? 
do you ship furniture to australia ? 
are there chairs that match this sofa bed ? 
is it comfortable enough to sleep on nightly 
will this fit through a standard size door ? 
do you have white ? 
what is the height of this holder ? 
this pic shows the rack will hold 4 plates , but your descrip says 3. please confirm which ? 
what size plates will this hold ? 
would this be able to hold bowels they are a bit flatter than normal bowls ? 
will this hold plates smaller than 5 inches ? thanks 
is this flat aginst the wall or is it supposed to curve ? 
what is the height of this holder ? 
this pic shows the rack will hold 4 plates , but your descrip says 3. please confirm which ? 
what size plates will this hold ? 
would this be able to hold bowels they are a bit flatter than normal bowls ? 
will this hold plates smaller than 5 inches ? thanks 
is this flat aginst the wall or is it supposed to curve ? 
how do i register my mattress for warranty coverage ? 
can i use this mattress on an adjustable bed 
how long do i have to return ? 
does this twin matress come with the pillow ? 
what is exact width and length , i want 39 '' x 75 '' 
can i use this mattress in adjustable beds ? 
how is this tava or pan for making roti chapati ? i am looking for a pan for cooking roti most of the time and occasionally some dosa ? 
type of nonstick ? 
is it flat or convex from the bottom ? 
is this hard anodized or just non stick ? product description is a bit confusing . 
does this come with spatula ? 
what is the thickness of this pan ? 
is it concave or is it flat ? 
is this non-stick enough to cook crepes on ? 
will this work on an induction top stove ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
have the mesh screen tearing issues been fixed ? 
what is the mesh made of ... stainless steel or something else ? 
would this also be useful for straining nut milks , or would a bag be preferred for straining nut milks ? 
next question- this reads to me as the strainer to make yogurt into greek yogurt . any recommendations on a yogurt maker to accompany this ? 
does anyone know how this affects the nutritional value of the yogurt as compared to store-bought greek yogurt ? protein content ? 
does it really hold 2 qts ? 
can this go in top rack of dishwasher ? 
can your product work for making kefir cheese ? ( with home made kefir - more liquid then yogurt ) 
can i use this to make non-dairy greek yogurt ? 
it seems to me , you have to make your yogurt in a different vessel , and then use this strainer to remove some whey to make it greek yogurt . is that right ? 
does it work on wood floors ? 
does the si 75 come with a reusable cleaning pad for the main unit ? 
i wanted to know the size of the cleaning surface on the machine pad , not how much space it would clean . 
is is a must to use distilled water ? on the haan website it says this steamer can use regular tap water '' 
si 70 vs si 75 
i want to know it work for carpet 's cleaning ? 
does it work on carpet 's cleaning ? 
did anyone have trouble with getting the assembly screw to thread properly for attaching the handle to the main unit ? 
is the pad reaching uneven grout lines to remove the dirt or is the steam just settling the dirt `` sanitized '' into the deeper , uneven grout lines ? 
does the haan si-75 clean uneven grout lines well ? 
how long do the mop pads last ? 
i have fake wood floors with grooves . will this harm floors ? will this clean and sanitize ? 
can this be used on hardwood floors ? 
can you use a cleaning solution with this steam mop or should you only use water in it ? 
in the box 
do you have to pump the handle ( like a shark ) in order for the steam to release ? thank you . 
does this mop have an on off switch ? i have a shark and it did not so i had to unplug it 
i bought a steam mop about 3 years ago but had to return it because there was too much water on floor after i used it . does this mop dry quickly ? 
the page shows a bissell hard floor cleaning solution . can this be used in this product if it says to use only distilled water ? 
how does it compare to the shark steam floor cleaner ? 
i have a metal bedframe , will it work for metal frames or is this only for wooden frames ? 
the product is described as being 64 '' wide . can it be adjusted to fit the 59.5 '' slat width in my queen size bed ? 
would adding this frame provide sufficient support for split queen box springs ? 
how do you hook the rails onto the head and foot board . do you have to order the hooks seperate ? if so what do you order for the hooks ? 
these are just the supports correct ? do they adjust easily ? i have side rails need supports that are adjustable have n't found any to fit to each rail 
will this work for queen low profile split box springs ? our metal rails have bent and we think it 's due to a lack of center `` feet '' on our current rail 
my bed frame is 80 '' wide ... will these work for that ? ( i think that might be a we sider than the avg ) 
does it fit king bed 
can support legs be high enough for a four posted bed the is pretty high . will the legs remain stable ? and can they be used on bed with metal sides 
is this to be used with existing side rails to take the place of the center support or does it take the place of the rails and center support ? 
on end of frame that does not hook-in , what is on the bottom of metal ? is it a 'glide '' or what to protect the floor ? 
so the cross bar is an 'adjustable ' queen width to what ? a standard queen frame width is 60 inches . my head foot board hooks are 61.5 inches wide . 
how tall is center leg ? 
can you tell me the length of this item ? i need rails that are at least 80 inches in length , exclusive of the `` claws '' 
how does this attach to the side rails ? 
does this bed frame have hooks on both ends of the rails so that they hook into both the headboard and footboard , or just the one end for a headboard ? 
will this rails fits in louis philippe queen sleigh bed ? 
does the pitcher absorb smells permanently from its contents -- eg , fruity blends ? 
i am interested in this product . i like my iced tea sweetened and want the sugar to melt thoroughly . experience with this ? 
can i use this for iced coffee ? 
can boiling water be used in either container ? 
can the infuser be removed when finished brewing ? or is it permenantly attached to the lid ? 
does this hold 64 ounces with the infuser in it ? does it truly hold 64 ounces of tea ? its seems the infuser takes up about 1 2 the volume 
does pitcher or infuser emit harmful chemicals when it comes in contact with boiling water ? what would be the max 'safe ' temperature ? 
is this item glass or bpa safe plastic with silicone handle ? 
where can you get instructions in english ? 
i want to know if you r to cut the tip off or put holes in groves on side or are they already there ? 
these cones are to small to screw onto a regular water bottle such a aquafina . what bottle do they fit 
has anyone had success using water bottles smaller than 2l ? the kroger brand 16.9 oz ( 500 ml ) bottle necks are too narrow to fit the spikes ' threads . 
how many holes do you put in the spike 
the title says 12 pcs , the description says 4 pcs . how many watering cone spikes are actually in this pack ? 
the title says 12 pcs , the description says 4 pcs . how many watering cone spikes are actually in this pack ? 
does it fit a 12 oz us water bottle ? 
oil 
where does this glass bottle made from ? 
can you store red wine vinagrette salad dressing in it ? 
can you store essential oils and for how long ? 
does this work if held upside down ? 
does anyone know where this bottle is made ? 
is the top black or white ? 
how tall is it ? 
does this bottle come with a separate cap to screw on ? 
where are these made ? 
how do these mats compare to silpats ? 
can these mats be cut down to fit a smaller pan ? 
does it have to be mounted ? can it stand alone 
does this wrap rack take bigger wraps ? 
what are the isdie dimensions of the two sections that jold items ? 
i live full time in a camper so using screws is out of the question . would command strip hooks work do you think ? 
my cab doors are typical modern , thin , very hard wood . will included screws work with doors like that ? they 'd need to be fine pitched , short threads . 
i have limited space between inside of cabinet door and front edge of shelves . so i need to know total depth of the unit to know if it will fit . 
how does it handle costco size wraps ? 
will it attach to my excisting rack for spices 
will it fit on the inside of a kitchen cabinet ? 
are the screws included for the cabinet mounting ? 
what is the maximum height ? 
the table will not pump up and down . how do i assemble the two poles ? 
what is the height you can adjust it to ? 
what is the lowest the top will go ? 
what is the diameter of the table top ? 
how tall is this table ? 
what is the sponge 's size when dry ? 
how many sponges are in one package ? 
is this made of konjac root ? 
you described that `` multi-color spoon & amp ; sift tops available separately . '' how can i order those tops ? thank you . 
what is the diameter of the bottles ? 
are these containers bpa free ? 
what are the inside dimensions ? will it work to bake a loaf of bread ? 
does it hold a 9x13 
does the outside of the oven get hot when baking ? 
a few buyers have owned the oven for & gt ; 1yr . any failures or issues ? thanks ! : ) 
i just bought this oven and the timer and bake , etc knobs are firm to twist..the temp knob turns effortlessly is that normal ? 
has anyone noticed that the black lettering around the knobs has started to wear off ? 
hi , can someone please tell me if the glass door can be removed for cleaning . thanks , gary 
hi , are the interior walls coated with non-stick ? i am looking for a good oven without nonstick . thank you ! 
does the rack advance upon opening the door 
why the absense of wattage in the description since it is the most critical of criteria for a purchase ? 
how long is this tool from tip to base of where it widens out to fit over the wand ? 
will this fit most vacuums including central vac hose ? 
does it fit craftsman shop vacuums ? 
i need to do a vertical installation . do you think this would work ? thank you for any advice . 
would this mount well on the cabinet door under the sink ? 
is the depth from the wall to the front of the bar 2.5 or 4.2 ? 
can the paper towel roll fit over the end of the bar or does the end piece have to be unscrewed ? 
since bathrooms can be steamy and humid , can this be used in there ? 
just curious , will 2 rolls of toilet paper fit on the bar ? 
are the installation screws included in the this holder ? 
even though it says `` wallmount '' , is there any reason why the holder could not be mounted under the cabinet ? 
can it be mounted under a cabinet instead of on the wall ? 
does it have suction cups ? some people say it does but others seem to be saying it does n't . do you have to buy them separately ? 
my shower is attached to the bathtub , no wall behind it . would this work ? 
does it rust ? 
what are dementions of ths caddy ? how long ? 
i bought two . the top basket of one , in the back is bent perfectly to a point inward , almost intentional . anyone else with a bent top basket ? 
what about this item inside of package ( box ) unfastened or not ? and the shipment package size ? thanks 
anyone know if the top part ( the neck ) is flexible at all ? my shower head is mounted to the ceiling and i want to place this on the shower lever . 
would a pump shampoo bottle 10.5 '' tall fit on shelf without touching the shower head arm . mine is similar to one in photo , but bigger bottle . 
would a pump shampoo bottle 10.5 '' tall fit on shelf without touching the shower head arm . my shower is similar to photo , but a much bigger bottle . 
the bottom basket on mine is slanted ... i assume it is not supposed to be like that ? the weld on the right is higher than the weld on the left . 
what is the weight of each included calibration weight ? 
can you measure in miligrams 
what is the lowest this scale will read , i need to measure 0.005 grams 
i have a 500 mg amount and need to separate 5-19 mg , will this scale do this for me ? 
the scale glitches with different readings when it is weighing items and it is on a solid desk , i never dropped it . is it broken ? 
does it weigh 100mgs ? is n't this 0 .1 gram ? 
is a 1 10 of a gram considered a milligram 
would this work to store potatoes , onions , etc . ? 
what is the dimention of the 3 and 4 shelf units ? 
is it a true black or more espresso ? the picture looks like it has a brown tone ... 
if i were to use this for dvd storage-how many dvd 's could fit in each drawer ? 
how much are the 3-foldable baskets ? 
how long should it take the coffee to drain from the zevro into a cup ? mine takes 5 minutes ( and never fully drains ) ; is it defective ? 
i just bought this item and used it for the first time today . is there a trick to getting the removable filter out to clean it ? 
what size cup does this work with ? i 'm wondering if it wil work with cups that are 3 and 3 4 '' wide ? 
about how much water can you pour into this - ie . how large a mug ( s ? ) of coffee will it make at one time ? 
i have a gold mesh filter that i use for my simple plastic one cup no top , no valves coffee maker . could this rigid filter be used to ease clean-up ? 
we just got this as gift from my daughter after 3 days the bottom filter cracked are there replacement filters ? 
are the coffee and tea maker the same ? 
do the coffee grounds have to be more course than pre bought ground coffee ? meaning do you have to grind your own beans to use this ? 
if you use the paper filters does that eliminate the clogged screen ? thanks 
is it glass ? what material is the filter ? 
does anyone use this machine with regular kernals and canola or some other healthy oil ? how does it taste and pop versus the prepackaged stuff ? 
does this unit have a heating element in the bottom also 
what is the depth and width 
i just purchased this in march we have lost the little black piece that makes the stirer move how do i order part fast ? 
how long is the warranty and who will stand behind it . i have herd bad things about this machine . ed 
is it 110 cuurent 
doe 's this machine have a warranty ? 
is this popper nsf rated for commercial use ? if so , would you please tell me the sd n and rating info on the steel tag . thank you 
is this popper nsf rated for commercial use ? if so , would you please tell me the sd n and rating info on the steel tag ? thank you 
is this a 110 or 220 volt model ? 
what size is it or does i to me in all sizes 
is it a thick blanket ? 
what are the washing instructions . i read one review that stated it can not be put in the dryer . is this accurate ? 
how big is this blanket . it lists various sizes . would like to get the biggest you have . 
could i get this by february 7th ? 
do you accept returns ? 
can you estimate shipping time to oregon ? to iowa ? ( number of days for each ) thank you . 
size ? 
can i wash it on hot water and dry it on a clothes hanger 
does anyone know where to get a replacement probe cable for this ? i think mine sat on the oven burner too long , and now gives back crazy readings 
the probe may be tucked into a 165f piece of chicken , but the cable is exposed to searing heat and fails 
how long of a lead on the probe 
mine does n't work ; it always says 
will this withstand oven temps up to 500 & deg ; ? or what is the highest oven set temp it will tolerate ? 
what if i want to buy just one glass ? 
was it made in america ? 
what size are they 
how many ounces do the tumblers hold ? are they acrylic of glass ? 
i wonder if this brand makes rice cookers that can be used in europe ( 220v ) ? 
i just want to make sure what is the exterior color of the rice cooker . is it black or brown ? 
does it have a steamer insert ? 
i want to know that rice cooker pot made from japan ? 
how many people would this model serve ? i am confused by the spec saying 10 cups but that it is suitable for a `` small family '' 
is the ns-tsc10 or ns-tsc18 models made in china or japan ? any idea which zojirushi micom models are made in japan ? 
the picture is grey trim and silver , but according to the model # , it should be black trim and silver . so what color is it exactly if i buy here ? 
is the capacity of 10 cups cooked or uncooked ? 
may i know is this made is china or made in japan ? 
is there a steam basket ? 
can you use it on natural stone 
can i use this steam machine to clean my carpets too & amp ; can it stand straight up when not it use ? 
how would this work on sticky hairspray buildup on ceramic tile grout ? 
what size repalcement pads 
two questions : 1 . ) how many ounces of water does it hold ? 2 . ) how long is the power cord ? 
this may be a funny question ... but has anyone tried this on walls ? i have tiled kitchen walls ... 
is this safe to use on hardwood floors ? 
can i use it to clean my large window on my back door ? 
can i use it on laminate 
how often does the mop pad need to be replaced ? every time ? years ? 
what is the non-stick surface made of ? 
does this crock pot come with a lid that can be snapped on securely for travel ? 
how do i get a replacement lid ? 
the listing says it weighs 38 pounds . i can not believe that is correct . what does the unit weigh ? 
does this model make pastas or is that the more expensive 3-1 ? 
does the interior come out for easy cleaning ? 
this is the six bottle shipper , correct ? is there a box for purchase to go along with the foam insert ? 
can someone tell me what the dimensions of the two assembled pieces ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
i have looked everywhere on the internet and can not find more single serve cups . does anyone know where those are available ? 
does this shred cheese 
which is best ? this product , the ultima blender plus or ultima dual ? purchased the nutribullet pro 900. it died , was replaced and died all w in 2 wk 
i am from france , can i use this blender without using a current transformer.is it in 220volt and with a european plug ? 
does this model have a removable blade ? 
what is the weight of this model ? 
what is the longevity of the whole unit ? i 'm looking to invest in a machine that will last a long time but not spend an arm and a leg on it . thank you 
are the 72oz . pitcher and 64oz bowl made of plastic ? 
i need to chop pounds of dry bulb onions for jam . will the bl770 chop them or turn them to mush ? 
do i still need to get a dough paddle even though it comes with a dough blade just checking thanks ? 
what is the thread count ? 
is there batting inside the quilt ? 
where are the linens made ? 
my employer just purchased a keurig b150 , will these work with that machine ? seem to be having problems finding a re-fillable cup for it . 
can i purchase the small removable insert in the lid of the cafe cup ? i lost one and the cafe cup is useless without it . 
do i need to puncture a hole in the lid of these filters to keep the coffee grounds from backing up into the brown filter cup ? 
will this work with the 2.0 ? 
will this work in the 130 commerical model ? 
will this work on a b30 ? 
is there only 1 cup ? i can hardly see the picture , i see the word eas8 
how can i make the coffee stronger ? i use a 16 oz cup and even when i fill to top it 's still weak ! 
is this cup compatible with keurig commercial machines like the b150 ? 
what size is it ? 1.5 or 2.5 quart ? 
dimensions please ? specifically , how deep is it ? 
does the cover seal the pan ? 
is this a pfoa free ? 
does this work on a induction stovetop ? it works if a magnet sticks to the bottom of the pan . 
does the handle of the calphalon easy system non-stick handles stay cool all during cooking ? 
what are the dimensions of this carafe ? i need a replacement for a holder that is 2.5 '' diameter . 
can someone tell me why buying only a replacement beaker and screen costs just as much as buying a brand new coffee press ? where 's the logic in that ? 
does it fit the brazil 12 ounce ? 
does this fit the 12 oz bodum kenya ? 
does this replace the carafe for the bodum chambord 12 oz , 3 cup ? 
does it fit the eileen , 12oz holder ? 
it 's very confusing reading the description - it 's described in the header as a 3-cup capacity , but lower down in the features list it says 1.5 cup ! 
what is the inside diameter ( id ) measurement of the holder ? measurements for the beaker itself are moot , when you can not measure a shattered beaker ; - 
does this have writing on the glass ? is it actually a bodum original glass ? 
my carafe is 7 '' high . 3 3 4 '' diameter . what size should i buy ? 
how come there is disagreement about the inner diameter ? can more people please weight in ? is it 4 1 2 , 4 2 3 , or 4 3 4 inches ? thanks . 
i need a replacement glass jug for my 'latteo milk wisp ' , but do not see it listed 
i see this is just the glass beaker . is it possible to attach the black insulating bottom from the original bodum french press onto this ? 
will this fit a grosche madrid 1.5 liter french press ? 
what are the demensions of this craafe ? 
what are the dimensions of the two replacement carafes 
is this a bodum carafe or a generic replacement ? 
how tall and wide is this ? 
how can i identify the model i need for replacement ? there was a number `` 23 '' on it . fitted into a plastic frame . 
does this fit the bodum brazil 1-liter 34-ounce french press coffeemaker ? 
my bodum press has the number `` 49 '' on the side under the instructions that are screened on - is this the correct replacement ? 
i need the replacement carafe for shin bistro no . 10358. why is the product # not included in the description ? the holder measures ~4 '' , holds 1l . 
what if i do n't know the size of my carafe in oz ? how can i figure out which one i need ? i just bought the wrong size . please advice ! thanks . 
what is the size ? 
this product , or is compatible with the french coffee press ( , 34 oz 1 liter ) sterlingpro8 cup 4 mug ? 
does this product fit cham bord 4 cup press 
does this carafe fit bodum new kenya 17 ounce coffee press ? 
what is the diameter and depth of this product 
my old broken beaker has a 1 circled and a 3 uncircled under the printed instructions on the side . will this beaker replace it ? 
can bodum spare glass carafe be used in microwave ? 
does this fit the eileen bodum french press ? 
does this fit the bodum electric french press ? 
what are the measurements on this ? 
will this fit bodum new kenya 17-ounce coffee press ? 
does this machine have aluminium parts ? 
does anyone know what tamper size fits the portafilter ? capresso 's customer service told me 40mm ... 
how many cups a day make ? 
does using this machine take a lot of hand-power ? any twisting or squeezing ? i have arthritis and zero hand-strength in the morning . thanks ! 
does the ec50 take pods ? 
is this a good machine for making lattes or would i be better off looking for something else ? any recommendations ? 
does anyone know if the ec100 is a significant improvement over the ec50 ? if so , in what ways ? 
plastic 
does everyone else get the soup in the basket after pulling a shot ? anyone have any tips on getting the more condensed puck ? not much crema either . 
how to clean e50 ? 
does it come with the 42 oz carafe ? ? 
two questions ... does it brew a hot single cup of coffee ? will the carafe keep a pot of coffee hot for 3 hours without having to use heat plate ? 
does it brew the tea at a 210 degree boil or do all the `` brew '' cycles heat to the same temperature ? 
is the size of this coffee maker 13 inches tall or is it 11.8 inches tall ? 
what coffee grind should i get for this machine ? 
is it normal for the carafe light to keep blinking after brewing ? even an hour later it 's still blinking , thought it was supposed to go to sleep mode ? 
can you use loose tea ? 
can you brew less than a carafe-full if you adjust the amount of coffee and water ? 
what is the material of the filter ? 
where is his product made ? i try to avoid chinese product as much as possible 
keeping the glass clean ... ..is this an issue ? 
does the toaster emit an odor during initial use ? 
is everyone still happy with the toaster ? has natasha changed her mind ? 
are you getting the uneven toasting as stated by some reviewers ? 
what is the wattage ? 
does it beep ? it seems that many modern toasters make annoying and unnecessary sounds with no way to turn them off . 
i want a toaster that toasts both sides of the bread . any suggestions ? i hate that one side is brown and the other untoasted . 
is the toaster clear on both sides ? 
to be sure , is this got a stainless housing ? i am trying to avoid toxins , in this case from heated plastic . 
what is the wattage of this toaster 
is the interior enamel and does it stick 
can this be used in the oven like a dutch oven ? 
where is it made ? 
is it blue or red ? 
has anyone else ordered this 12 qt enamel on steel stockpot and how did you like it ? any problems like jefflhunt ? 
can this be used on all cooking surfaces 
how many labels total are in this package ? 
are there really only 36 labels ( this info not in description ) ? if so , this comes to 22 cents per jar before tax or shipping . not very economical . 
how long do these need to be submerged to shrink ? dont actually process my product but like the labels ! 
can you put these labels into a printer ? thanks 
does this mean the ink wo n't smear or the paper wo n't pick up stains ? looking for some longer-term labels that will label spices for my every day use . 
what 's the difference between the frothtec and frothpro ? 
how many ounces of milk will this hold 
is the pitcher made of glass or plastic ? 
is the disc thing made of teflon ? is there any plastic or teflon like material inside ? what about the lid ? i do n't want any plastic : ( 
hi do you sell the metal disk that goes inside separately ? 
can it support 220v - 240v ? 
is the pitcher where the milk is glass ? ? ? thank you for your help ! 
glass 
i understand that the glass carafe is made in germany but where is the rest of the appliance made ? 
has anyone tried this with almond or coconut milk ? do you recommend ? thanks ! 
are the water bottles plastic , metal or glass ? 
is it possilbe 130l co2 carbonator ? 
does this model require electricty or does it just use the co2 ? thanks 
could you please tell me how much to send this to new zealand ( sodastream source metal -white ) . thank you 
are you sure you have the metal edition in stock ? it 's discontinued , and i 've ordered `` metal editions '' twice and received the cheaper plastic version . 
were can one find replacement seals or `` o '' rings for the cap ionto which the cylinder is screwed ? 
will it hold the dvd 's in the plasctic cases that they are purchased in ? 
are the sleeves numbered ? 
are these cd sleeves good to place 1 cd in every side with all the inserts ? 
will the cds dvds stay in place , if the case is stored on it 's side ? 
does this include the actual dvd sleeves or are those sold separatly ? 
is it machine washable ? 
is it made in china ? 
need to now exactly what main colors are ? 
did it shrink in size after you washed and dried it ? i 'm afraid it might be too small for my queen bed if it shrinks any . 
do the shams come with it ? 
why is the queen size $ 79.99 and the king size is $ 12,995.50 . must be an error , but i ca n't purchase the king size because of that price . 
i need measurement of full queen quilt and the king quilt 
serious ? ? amazon lists the tamil quilt king size at $ 12,995.50 . what is the real price for the king size ? 
is that have and warm ? more then a comfort ? 
how thick is it ? i 'm looking for a very lightweight cover . 
is the bottom of this pan flat or is there a lip ? 
does it work well on a gas stove ? 
can you cook steaks on this grill ? 
can this going the oven ? 
how do you remove sticker ? 
is it compatible with induction cooktops ? thank you - 
is this griddle dishwasher safe ? 
will this work on a ceramic stove ? 
what 's the difference between this `` advanced '' model and the regular one ( except $ 10 and a free spatula ) ? 
will this work on an induction cooktop ? 
does this pan come with a lid 
how deep is the skillet ? ? 
will the 12 inch covered deep chicken fryer lid fit on this ? 
are these made in the usa ? 
what are the dimensions of the pan it se 
could you cook a few ears of corn-on-the cob with this pan ? 
is it made to be used on a traditional ceramic cooktop with 4 separate burners ? 
inside diameter please 
how many pounds of asparagus can it cook at one time ? 
is the cooker magnetic ? i want to buy this for my mom but her cook top requires her pots and pans to be magnetic ( stainless steel wo n't work ) 
how does this compare to a traditional slow cooker where settings are only off-low-high ? can it be used the same way ? 
when roasting a chicken does it give a crispy type skin or just `` cooked '' ? i like browned and crispy skin . danishlady @ netzero.com 
what does this do that regular pots and pans wo n't do ? or a crock pot ? 
what is the difference between mc701 and the mc703 ninja 3 in one cooking system 
has anybody used the slow cooker using the lid that is supplied ? i am puzzled as to why there is a vent hole in the lid of a slow cooker . it would seem to be defeating the whole set it and forget it ability that you have using a slow cooker . does the ... 
would you feel confident in leaving this on in a hotel room for several hours while out exploring ? can you program it to turn off automatically ? 
do these work on both 115v and 220v ? 
is there a timer on it ? my crockpot i can set for 4,6,8 or 10 yours 
many of today 's slow cookers seem to get very hot and boil the food , even on the low setting . does the ninja do that ? 
can it be used to bake bread , rolls or biscuits ? if so we 're you happy with the results ? thank you 
how do i wash it ? very dirty from being on the deck . 
i want to make sure these really are 24.5 x 5 x 16.5 inches - or are they smaller ? 
is there a zipper with a pillow inside of a pillowcase ? 
does this pillow come in size 18x13 ? 
how much is a 13 x 9 pillow ? 
is the pillow comfortable to lay on ? like is it somewhat squishy or is it firm ? 
how does the fabric feel ? i 'm considering the colorful bird pillow for my living room , but do n't want them to be plastic-like . 
how big tall is it ? 
is it battery operated ? 
what is the casing made of ? metal or plastic ? 
is there room for components or is there a component shelf that can be purchased ? 
is this brown or black ? 
do you deliver to australia ? 
hi ! thanks in advance for helping me . i always try to help others on amazon but now i find myself in the helpee seat ! what did you have to assemble ? 
should these sheets be listed instead as : 'polyester , w breathability , soft as egyptian cotton , wonderful colors & amp ; an incredibly affordable price ? ' 
if i buy a king set , will the pillowcases fit king size pillows ? 
will these sheets fit over a mattress pad ontop ? 
will this shrink in the washer dryer ? 
would the deep pockets be too big to fit on a 10 '' queen size memory foam mattress ? 
what is egyptian quality ? prominently used in so many listing titles ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
can the comforter fit inside the duvet ? 
what is the material content of the duvet cover ? 
how long does it take to ship ? 
does the color stay true to the picture ? 
are there ties 
does it have a zipper or buttons ? 
can i use with size 98x108 comforter ? 
is this made in germany ? or made in china ? 
does the dispenser drip or leak at the top or down the sides and does it have a plastic gasket inside the top ? 
is the `` latch '' easy to operate..can a child use it . i have tried some where it is hard to push it to open . thanks 
can someone please enlighten me as to where exactly i place the gasket ? stuck to the lid does n't make sense . 
where can i buy a replacement gasket for the wmf kult honey syrup dispenser ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
please confirm where this product is made . 
i ca n't figure out how where to put the white plastic rings on this and i do n't see any instructions . can anyone help ? 
is it easy to clean ? 
can you take the lid off and put the glass part in the microwave ? 
is this 18 10 stainless steel ? 
where is this product made ? 
is there 'wmf ' marks on spoons ? 
are the handles rounded in any way ? the knife handle is very rounded are they thicker front to back at the ends ? or same thickness all along the handl 
are the handles curved ? ( not on the 'flat profile ' side.. but viewed from the side ) thanks ! 
.what the length , width , height ? 
is this weatherproof for a backyard ? 
does this pillow have the solid teal fabric on the back side like the others in this collection ? 
what size is this pillow ? 
is the price for 2 pillows or one pillow 
is the color a teal turquoise on the back ? 
is the backside of this pillow a solid teal color like the smaller version ? or is it the same pattern on both sides ? 
is this a outdoor pillow ? 
what is the diameter of the cooking surface ? i know the rim is 15 '' diameter . i want to know the base size . 
if the diameter is 15 '' across the top , what is the total width including the handles ? will it fit inside a large big green egg ( 18 '' max ) ? 
where can i get a lid for the lodge 15 '' seasoned steel skillet ( not the cast iron skillet ) . 
how deep is it ? 
does this pan heat unevenly ( for example , only in the center ) even on a gas stove range ? or does the uneven heating happen only on electric stove ranges ? 
are these carbon steel pans okay to use on the glass top ranges ? 
what is the weight of this skillet 
how thick the skillet is ? 
how does this do on a stovetop , on one burner ? 
will item number asahh41 silicone assist handles work on this skillet 
how would this work for someone who is 6 foot 6 ? 
what type of filling is used in this pillow ; foam , miro beads , cotton or ? ? ? 
how easy is it to pack ? is it really bulky to carry ? trying to decide between this and the travelrest that you wear like a messenger bag ... 
can this be used in a low back chair ? 
if you 're in an aisle or middle seat on a plane , does this pillow help ? 
i am 4ft . 10in . so my shoulders so my head never comes near the headrest on a plane or car ; would this work for me ? 
will this stop your head falling forwards ? 
i have just received this and one side of the pillow for the side of the head has a crease in it like the foam inside is damaged . is this normal ? 
does this pillow pitch your head forward like the u-shaped travel pillows ? 
does it keep falling out or get out of position ? anyway to secure it around the neck with a clasp or cord ? 
can any tell the size of the bun wells , i am looking to make 5 '' buns , thank you . 
heading indicates `` bun pan '' ( one ) ; product description says set of 6 pans ... which is it ? 
do the buns have to be removed by running a knife around the edge ? if so , does the pan scratch and rust ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can anyone please measure the volume of water each well holds ? thanks in advance ! 
is it non toxic coating on pan 
what size buns does this make ? 
does it have a setting for percolated coffee ? 
what is the hopper capacity ? will it hold at least 1 2 # of beans ? 
what is the actual model # of this . i did n't see a 565 listed on capresso 's web site . 
what is the height ? 
how long can coffee beans be stored in the hopper before getting stale ? 
how would you describe the noise level ? 
i see that the timer ranges from 5 to 60 seconds . how long does it typically take to grind a full container of beans ? 
i drink coffee prepared turkish style ( stove top ) and need very finely ground beans for that purpose . how fine is the fine setting on this grinder ? 
where is it made ? 
this model seems to have a prop 65 california law cancer warning . meaningful ? 
what are the dimensions 
what units of time are the timer settings ? what setting would i use for a medium grind for a 12-cup drip filtered pot ? 
i have this and it worked for about 10 uses ! anyone else having issues ? 
there is so much static electricity from the plastic that holds the ground coffee , that it makes a mess all over the counter ! how to stop this ? 
is it possible to put a full cup of beans in at a time without grinding issues ? 
i just got my new capresso grinder . i am unsure how much to turn timer on for amount of coffee ? 
i like the baratza grinders because they are geared down to run at a powerful , but slower rpm ; no scorching beans . is this grinder geared down ? 
is this 220v capable ? 
does this work to grind spices , beans , nuts , rice ? 
what is the warranty ? 
does it come with a bella coffee mug 
can a filter be placed in this machine ? 
can you also use k cups with this machine ? 
does it have an auto turn off built in ? 
can i use this to make hot cocoa ? 
what is the voltage ? we use 220 volts here in saudi arabia . thanks . 
where to buy a replacement filter ? 
how hot is the coffee ? 
can this be used in australia ? i mean the plug or do i need to buy a converter to use it ? is there a converter that you can tell that will work for it 
how many scoops , or tablespoons , does the basket hold ? 
what size eggs can be used ? i always boil `` large size . pls adv 
i have no numbers on the cup , just the 3 eggs with inner line and a vertical line labeled hard , medium , soft . clueless on how much water to use . 
the description from amazon says it has an automatic shut off yet the answers say it does not . also , what size egg does it poach ? med or lge ? 
how easy is it to lift the tray of eggs from the steamer ? i am looking at it for an 84 year old with some dexterity and balance issues . 
does the buzzer auto shut-off or manual shut-off 
does this do a good joib on soft boiled eggs ? 
i am reading several reviews that this product does not shut off automatically after the eggs are done ? can someone confirm ? 
does this cooker automatically shut off when done 
with an automatic shut off 
how long does it take to cook 7 hard boiled eggs ? 
how and where to get a replacement for a bella one scoop permanent coffe filter ? 
how many watts does it use ? i 'll be using it in my camper . 
where can i order mesh grd catchnn 
does this coffee maker fit a standard travel mug ? if not is the max cup size ? 
broken filter ? 
does this coffee maker have an auto turn off ? hubby is always leaving his on . looking for an auto off . 
water does n't brew - what 's the problem ? 
is this fabric or vinyl ? 
is the base color white ? 
what are the dimensions of the curtain ? 
are the cherry blossoms red or pink ? 
i 'm hoping to pair this curtain with black towels and rug . are the branches black or dark brown ? 
can i see an actual photo of the curtain instead of just your display photo ? 
what is the fabric ? 
is this full sized or the narrow , stall width ? 
i would like to know if you have to use a liner with this or is it waterproof ? 
i want this bookcase for my daughters bedroom . is bookcase 72 feet or 72 inches . confused by reviews as well 
what is the width ? 
what are the exact measurements of this bookcase ? 
it says it is made of wood , but the reviews say particle board . which is it ? 
what does frost white mean ? does it have a metallic look ? or is it a glossy white ? 
how much weight will the shelves hold ? i 'm looking for sturdy . 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
would it hold a 65 '' tv 
would it hopd a 65 '' tv 
what 's the maxium , weight of a tv can it support ? 
how deep are the shelves ? 
how deep is the unit ( front to back ) ? thank you . 
is this item easy to assemble ? 
does this fit regular sized cupcakes or only small ones ? thank you . 
does it collapse for storage ? 
can you fit a large size cupcake 
does it spin ? if so , how easily does it spin ? 
does it spin ? if so , how easily does it spin ? 
how does this handle raw carrots and citrus peels ? does it make them smooth , or do they end up being little chunks like in the ninja ? 
does the variable power knob instantaneously control the motor speed or is there a lag ? 
where is it made ? anyone been making smoothies where ice needs to be crushed daily ? if so , please , how long has it been performing under pressure ? thx 
will this model crush chop icecubes for frozen bar drinks ? 
hi , the plastic blending jar does n't seem to anchor very well on my blender . it can be knocked off very easily and i 'm wondering if that is normal ? 
will it blend carrots into juice ? 
does it mill nuts and grain ? 
can i use it on 220v power or i need convertor 
can i make nut butters with it ? 
will if fit under kitchen cabinets ? 
can you deep fry ? will it get a small pot of oil up to 325-250 degrees fahrenheit ? 
i just bought this item . i notice that the connection point of the brass valve to the burner is not air tight . is this safe ? it appears to be open for the propane to escape . 
are you able to maintain a low heat ? thinking of using it to modify a wood smoker . 
has anyone used stove with the small green coleman fuel canisters ? i have the adapter and hose . wondering how long it will burn on small canisters 
does it come with the hose and regulator kit ? 
i would like to fit this stove in a small space are the dimensions of the feet and top square 9 1 2 x 9 1 2 ? 
can you use it for pressure canning ? 
can this be run with natural gas instead of propane ? 
ok. i 'm going insane . which hose do you order with this stove to use the disposable propane canisters ? 
what are all the extras one would need to purchase to use this product , i.e. , regulator , hose , adapter s ? are these items easy to find ? thanks ! : ) 
what size whole is needed for the screw to fit through 
it appears that the stems are approx 6 '' in length ; do you have any that are 3 '' or 4 '' and have more than 3 tiers ? 
do you have any tiered cake stand fittings that can be glued instead of screwed in ? 
does the lid stay up when lifted ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions , please ? 
tired of wasting oil . how much oil does it take to use ? 
clean up 
how many chicken wings will it take ? 
is the inner pot removable 
what color wood it 
is this cabinet deep enough to hold rolls of toilet paper ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
measurements 
it works on serrated edges 
does this sharpener do a very good job of sharpening hunting knives ? 
can this sharpner be used for scissors 
the way it 's constructed , it appears that the rods on steps 1 and 3 can be rotated if need be . should can those rods be adjusted over time ? 
does this sharpen ceramic knives ? 
can this be used with the left hand ? 
can i sharpen santuko knives with this ? 
can you use this sharpener on the steak knives that are certrated ? 
does this sharpen all of the miracle blade knifes , even the serrated egdes 
what is the difference between this cartridge and the 2516 high performance ? description is exactly the same , but the high performance is $ 8-20 more . 
is this product wh2416c ? 
i previously purchased a nuvo home cartridge model no . hhp-2516 . will this one fit too although the model no . is h-2416 ? thank you ! 
what are the dimensions of the pane at the top ? 
product description color says 'white ' and `` warm walnut color ' ? very confusing . what color is this ? 
what is the height , width and weight 
is it hard to put together.i have no skills . 
what is it made of exactly , is it particle board ? 
is the 22 inch height including the legs ? are the legs removable ? 
do they make this in white ? 
are the drawers on glides ? 
is the back side of this accent table cardboard or wood ? 
u said they are not on glides so are they easy to pull ? 
is the black finish the same on the back side of the accent table ? the back would be exposed in my location . 
what is the weight restriction for the top of this table ? i have a tall 14gallon fish tank that will fit perfectly on the top but will it support it ? 
is this product 25.98 x 11.81 x 31 , 26 x 26 x 43 , or 26 x 11.8 x 43 ( all three measurements appear on this page ) ? 
will these shelves hold a 12 '' photo album ? 
one more question - the picture of the shelf looks black , is this dark espresso , tobacco , or almost black in natural light ? 
if i wanted to add some type of basket for storage , would i bill able to find the right size and would it look good ? 
how high is the top shelf from the floor ? 
does anyone know how to get the plastic screw covers in . they will not attach or stay 
what material is it made out of ? is the back just cardboard ? 
what size baskets would fit ? what dimensions , and how many per tier ? 
would this be ok to hold a tv on the top shelf 
can someone post the assembly instructions ? i ca n't find them anywhere in the box and do n't know how to assemble the product ! 
need measurements between shelves to see if toaster over can fit on top shelf , and microwave can fit on bottom shelve . is there another shelf inside cabinet doors ? 
how sturdy is the shelving ? strong enough to store plates and glassware ? 
how wide are the shelves ? wide enough to put a microwave on the top shelf ? 
what is the height of just the cabinet ? i see the overall height is 67.2 '' . 
what are the measurements of the bottom part with doors ? would you be able to fit two kitchen trash cans in there ? 
what are the dimensions on the top of the cabinet ( where a microwave would sit ) will a 14dx26wx22h inch bird cage fit there ? 
weight limit ? 
i have assembled the winsome obsidian high square table but it wobbles still the pole does not seem to go into the round base deep enough ? 
how thick is the table top ? need to drill into it to attach something . 
does the table height work well with 24 inch bar stools for a person who is average height or shorter ? 
would it work as a patio table 
will it comfortably fit two people for dining ? mixed reviews on sturdiness , is it ? thanks ! 
how tall thick is the base ? since i know the height is 35 inch + 1 inch of top plate - will the height be tall enough for standing on that bar table ? ? 
how tall thick is the base ? since i know the height is 35 inch + 1 inch of top plate - will the height be tall enough for standing on that bar table ? ? 
i have seen fitted table cloths for the round tables do you know of any companies that produce them for the square ? the one that goes top to base ? 
what is the base measurement ? 
are these mugs glass or plastic ? 
there is a stickiness on one of the mugs after taking out of packaging when it arrived , but there is no visible damage . what do you think it is ? 
are these the same mugs sold for $ 10-15+ with sports teams logos on them ? those mugs say duck house on the bottom . do these ? they look identical . 
how did you get the labels off these mugs ? i am thinking of buying these and would appreciate you 're help 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
is it recommended these be placed upside down in the freezer ? i saw some others that recommended they be frozen this way . mine are on the way ... 
do they come with lids ? 
can these be stored in freezer or limited to several hours ? 
i am looking to use these for beer . does it stay cold a good amount of time and does it make the drink cold if at drink is at room temperature ? 
really ? cypress home ... are these mugs bpa free ? 
what is the size of the glass opening and how deep is it from the glass to the bottom edge of the table top ? wanting to make a shadow box 
is the espresso finish closer to brown or black ? 
what are the measurements from the bottom shelf to the underside of the table ? looking to fit something 24 inches tall on the bottom shelf . 
will this sofa table hold a 33 pound flat screen tv ? 
is the glass shelf one piece or three ? 
what color is the back side ? is it the same as the rest of it or is it unfinished ? i 'm looking at the black one . 
does it come put togrther or do you have to do it ? 
can the knobs be replaced ? 
does it contain proper marking on each piece of item to assemble ? is it hard to assemble ? 
what are the dimensions of the package that it comes in ? 
would i be able to remove the stock nobs on it and replace them with my own ? 
is it hard to assemble ? 
is there room enough could i add rails to the drawers ? ? 
would it be possible to poke a hole through the back to run wires through it ? 
i want to use this to store cds . how many can i get in the two drawers ? 
does this top of this table scratch easily ? thanks . 
how tall is this table and how wide across ? 
the description says the top and base are black , then it says the color is brown ; so , which is it ? is the base hollow metal or solid wood ? 
which tools do i need to assemble ? how long should it take ? 
does this table break down easily for storage ? 
is there any kind of warrenty for this table ? 
is there a way i can just order the top and not the stand ? 
i need a heavy solid base , , basically restaurant quality ? is this the product ? 
i need a heavy solid base , , basically restaurant quality ? is this the product ? 
can this be used for outdoors ? 
is the back panelling the cardboard type folded up material or is it a solid piece of wood board ? 
will a 3-ring binder fit on the shelf in placed in the verticle postion ? 
think this will hold a 21lb epson printer on top ? 
will this fit 12 '' vinyl records upright ? and will it support their weight ? 
is anyone using this as a bookshelf ? is it strong enough ? 
how tall would this be if the feet were removed ? i want something like this to fit into an opening that has a 27 '' height . the width is perfect . 
how tall is this bookshelf 
how sturdy is it ? 
how sturdy is it ? 
i need to know how deep it is ? 
where is the vinoice wine pourer with chill rod made ? usa ? 
can you store the chill rod in the freezer ? or can you only leave it in for a limited amount of time ? 
is this an aerator too ? 
why was the chill rod coated in a greasy , maybe a little sticky , substance when i opened the original packaging ? is this normal ? 
is the rod stainless steel-sealed all around ? 
is the chill rod stainless steel and sealed all around-tightly sealed and uncrackable , unbreakable ? 
range of the thermometer temperatures 
what is this made of ? 
is this the thm-379 model that is highlighted in shopsmart by consumer reports ? 
can this be used for frying and candy-making ? the temp range seems to suggest yes , but i 'd like to know if that 's specifically stated anywhere . 
does this thermometer stay in the meat throughout the cooking time ? ? 
does it read the temp quickly ? one responder here says that it is slow . is that other users ' experience ? 
so this thermometer can stay in the meat in the oven for hours on end ? 
can it display in celsius ? 
does this have a probe cover included ? 
is the interior coated with teflon ? 
does it make a thick rich foam from regular milk ? what other types of milk can be used in it to get a really thick foam ? half and half ? 
can you make latte art with it ? 
when i depress the start button , i am getting only the blue light . i want to both heat and froth the milk so what can i do to get the milk to heat ? 
can you froth twice to make it frothier 
is the warranty good in canada ? purchased a capresso froth machine on boxng day and warranty only good in usa 
i want to know the dimensions for counter space . 
i used 1 % milk and did n't feel it was frothy enough so i pushed the button until only the blue light came on , a little frothier . help ! 
how fast does it warm up 
can the pot go in the dishwasher ? ( i know the heating element can not . ) 
what is the backing material made of ? will it slip on hardwood floors ? 
i would like to know do they come in red ? 
how thick is the mat ? 
how thick are these mats ? 
does this bed require a box spring will it support a matress without box spring ? 
does it need a box spring 
does it require a box spring and mattress or just a mattress 
can a trundle fit under the bed ? what is the space between the bottom of the bed and the floor ? 
how long does i take to ship 
what 's the height of the footboard ? 
does this include the mattress and boxspring , or is this just the frame ? 
does this fit a eastern king mattress ? 
how is the color in person ? i know computer screens can vary widely . it seems off white but i want to make sure it 's not more gray or yellow . 
is this a platform bed ? does it require a box spring or will it accommodate a memory foam mattress without the box spring ? 
is this made of a velvet or velvet-like fabric ? 
will this bed fit a temperpedic adjustable mattress ? 
will this accomodate a california king mattress ? 
we have two twin size box spring that support the king mattress , would they fit for this bed ? 
is the color the exact as shown or lighter darker 
i ca n't discern from the pictures how these jars are magnetic . is there an actually magnet glued to the lid on the inside ? 
are these magnets foodsafe ? 
do the jars have plastic inner lids for shaking ? 
does it measure 10 inches width by 30 inches height ? the picture showing it hung behind the couch looks much bigger . 
what is the original or real size ? 
will it be framed and ready to hang ? 
can you make a biggest one ? 
does the lifesmart compact power plus 800 square foot infrared heater have a fan , if so how does it work and what is the warranty ? 
after 6 months , my unit now keeps going off after about an hour . no , i do n't have the timer set to go off . any ideas ? 
is it `` cool to touch '' ? we have two little ones crawling and running around ... thank you in advance ! 
what is the difference with this heater that puts out 5112 btu 's at 1500 watts of power and my air king ceramic that puts out 5112 btu 's ? my ceramic heater covers 280 square feet so how can this heater with 5112 btu 's cover 800 square feet ? 
timer 
is there some sort of secret to turning this thing on ? i plugged it in ( to an outlet i know works ) and pushed the power button and ... . nothing . 
what is the btu output ? the ilife chinese made heater is 5200 btus . i 'm just trying to decide between these two . 
will it heat 400 sq . ft. room ? 
what are the dimensions of the heater ? 
how noisy is this unit ? 
how good is this nutcracker for macadamia nuts ? 
does it work well with small nuts such as pistachios ? does the bar move down far enough to crack them ? 
in what country is the nutcracker made ? 
is this nut cracker easier on arthritic hands than the standard squeeze type of crackers ? 
can it be mounted to a wooden base ? 
has anyone used this with hickory nuts ? 
does this work for hickory nuts ? 
does this work well for macadamia nuts ? 
is this nut cracker made of steel ? heavy steel ? 
we will be using this primarily for pecans . any comments on cracking the pecan with this cracker ? 
where are the tea bags made ? 
so can you put in coffee instead of tea ? 
are these tea bags treated with epichlorohydrin ? 
what is the diameter of the bottom for the 12 '' pan ? thanks . 
does it warp on glass cooktop ? 
can this pan be used on an induction cooker ? 
is this cookware good for induction cooktops ? 
what are the sizes of the pans 
are these the ones with the red handles ? if not where can i find those ? 
is this set safe to use on a ceran glass cooktop ? 
will this work with induction cooking ? 
where is it made ? 
are they good for induction cooking ? 
are the bottoms of the pots aluminum or stainless and are they multiclad or 1 layer thick ? 
what kind of frame does this headboard go with ? 
is this king or ca king ? 
the holes in the headboard are larger than the holes in the metal frame but they line up . is there an adaptor that should go in between ? 
how wide is this headboard at the base , at mattress height ? specs say 82 '' , but that 's probably the widest part , the top moulding . 
is this headboard black ? or is it a dark brown espresso color ? 
how do i attach the headboard to my frame , does it come with predrilled holes ? or do i have to drill my own holes to match my frame ? 
is the black trim all engineered wood ? the rest of the headboard being mahogany with cherry veneer over parts of it ? ca n't zoom ... 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the height of the space where the shelves are placed ( height of the doors ) ? 
what are the physical dimensions , height , width and depth ? 
are the shelves inside the cabinet adjustable in height or removable ? 
what are the internal dimensions of the cabinet space ( each side ) ? my guess would be 17.75 '' deep x 23.25 '' wide x 21.5 '' high . please let me know . 
what are the dimensions ? 
has anyone out there who has purchased this item used the finished butcher block as a work surface ? 
hardwood butcher block top finished in vintage caramel finish..is surface microbial ? 
is it possible to add casters wheels to this ? 
what is the height between the lower shelf and the upper shelf ( where the mixer is in the image ) ? 
is this island counter height ? 
what are the dimensions of the three upper compartments ? i 'd want to see what kind of baskets or trays could fit in there to hold cutlery , etc . 
does this item come in a smaller size ? 36h x 24w x 36l approx . 
how much assembly required ? how many pieces does it come in ? what tools are required ? 
can you put hot pans on the butcher block ? 
what is the measured thickness of the wooden top ? 
where is this product made ? 
can this grinder be used to grind quinoa or millet into flour ? 
is this a blade grinder ? 
how many amps does this unit use at 110v ? 
does the line set come charger ? and how about the units . 
what is the estimate cost for installation ? 
does this unit plug into a wall outlet or does it need to be hard wired to a breaker ? 
how big is the indoor unit ? dimensions please . 
has anyone installed ax strip heat in these inside units i ca n't find that they offer any . 
does this unit come in 208v design ? 
i want to set the unit at 85 degrees and never have to touch it again . 
how much space do i need for the indoor unit ? 
can this unit be installed in a basement that has about 18 '' of its wall above ground ? or would this configuration pose problems ? 
what is the height ? 
is this a good pillow for a side sleeper ? i sleep on my side and need low pillows . 
what is the weight of the filling ? ( it should be printed on the tag ) 
is this the same pillow that is $ 5.99 on ikeas website ? thank you . 
a couple of questions please ! does it have any `` give '' to it when your face presses in on it ; and is there any crunching noise from the feathers ? 
where is the pillow made and from what country does the feathers come from 
how wide is the flat surface bottom of the pan ? i 'm assuming that 12 '' is at the opening , but it seems to have a curve to the sides . 
is this pan really 7 lbs ? i have one similar that is only 4 lbs with lid on . 
what is the deal on the warping on low heat . does farberware warrenty this ? 
how many quarts can this skillet hold ? 
can this skillet be used on a ceramic glass top stove ? 
ceramic top stoves require cookware that is totally flat on the bottom like classic farberware . does this skillet have rings or ridges on the bottom ? 
is the wood suitable for staining , or only for painting ? 
is the seat light gray as pictured ? 
what is the height an size of the seat 
i hate assembling things - how difficult is this ? 
the height seems to be a little low . is it comfortable to use at a kitchen table ? 
can the cushion be removed before staining or do you have to tape it off ? 
the dimensions say 13.2 x 17.5 x 18.1 does that mean 13.2 '' wide x 17.2 '' deep x 18.1 high '' ? thanks . 
would it be very difficult to remove the seat in order to reupholster it or does it lift right out ? 
how sturdy is this ? what is the weight limit ? 
what is parawood and what color is the seat ? 
can this plug into an outlet ? or must i hard wire this into the house ? 
does the outdoor unit come with brackets to mount it on ? 
does anyone else have this unit , and notice that it runs constantly ? the compressor is off outside , but the fan never turns off . comments ? 
how is the heat function in winter ? 
what is the lowest possible a c setting ? 
is this unit pre-charged ? 
are you saying i should set the temperature at 75 if the room is temperature is 65 ? 
my ductless heat pump does not blow any air or heat out in the heat mode . what*s the problem ? 
old house with no heat in back rooms , moisture on the windows and mold growing in the closets . has anyone used this for dehumidification ? 
do you know where the manual can be downloaded from ? contractor chucked mine with the box . thanks 
how much is the square footage put out on this unit ? 
how will the heat pump work well in cold temperures or well it freeze up ? 
can the compressor run on 220vac and the split unit on 110 vac . 
with a 10 ft. line set do i need remove freon ? 
what type of freon is this unit charged with r-22or410a 
i got two 6 foot drain hoses . i assume they need to be spliced ? how to splice ? 
the manual clearly shows a blue and a brown as the 220 hot leads but which brown ? is it the left one or one next to the blue ( which is far right ) ? 
we never have more than 1 foot of snow on our flat roof but is there a practical ( or nec ) height the shutoff box needs to be above the roof ? 
thanks again for the answers . so 12 ( or 10 ) 3 for 220 and it comes with 15+ ' of wire to the inside unit ? 
installed yourself , but have hvac guy evacuate it does it void the warranty ? most say if not professionally inst start to finish warranty is voided 
what type of refrigerant does this unit use and is it precharged ready to use ? 
can the outdoor unit be mounted to a shallow sloped roof ? 
does this need a city permit for installation ? does it come with two different room controls ? 
what size breaker for 220 run ? 
was wondering if this unit will work well during hot summers . i am in northern california and it gets hot here over 100- 110 at times . 
we have a 9x24 foot shop . gets very hot when using dryers . had 15000btu window unit . will 18000 unit be able to keep it cool ? window unit struggled . 
does this unit have an electric `` toaster '' for backup heat when the ambient temp is too cold for the heatpump ? 
the indoor fan on my 2 ton unit never shuts off , even in the auto mode . is this normally the case ? on our other units , the indoor fan shuts off . 
can i get precharged 50ft line set with this unit ? 16 is n't long enough 
will this heat a finished basement room 14 ' x 28 ' x 8 ' with walk out ? 
how many watts is it ? 
it says the unit comes with a timer but that can mean different things . can the unit be set to start at , let 's say , 7am and run until 8am ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many amps does it have written ? 
how much btu ? 
does this heater run up your electric bill ? 
does anyone know how to reset the clean filter message , the filter has been cleaned but still flashes 
we heat with electric wall heaters in a 900 sq ft condo . we 'd like to turn the two main ones off while watching tv . how is your electric bill ? 
does this have wheels under it and remote control ? 
what do you recommend for powering it with a fixed motor , i would like to know the shaft size , recommended rpm , and size motor required . 
would this work to crack or crush professionally dried herbs and spices ? like cinnamon chips or cloves ? would it work to crack wheat to top fresh bread with ? 
is it easy to clean and can all parts come apart to clean ? is the crusher stainless steal ? 
what 's the size of the package upon shipment ? 
can it grind corn ? 
will it take the husk off wheat , or is it design just for crushing ? 
i have a drier motor that runs 1725 rpm . what size pulley for the motor and mill would be recommended ? 
would this work for milling grains into wheat as well ? looking to buy one that will work for hops for making beer but also grains for making breads , c 
is it easy to clean and can all parts come apart to clean ? is the crusher stainless steal ? 
what are the dimensions of this mill ? the description says that it is `` 12 x 12 x 6 inches '' but that does n't seem right based on the photos . 
what is the size ? 
what are it 's dimensions without handles ? 
what are the demensions ? 
is it a quality unit ? 
has anyone installed the cooler into a 15 '' x 34 '' trash compactor space and then attempted to dampen the sound with insulation ? 
does this unit have leveling legs to adjust the height ? we have a 34 opening and the unit is 32. thank you 
can one reverse the temps and have whites in the small section and reds in the big section ? i drink far more reds than whites . 
what is the exact width of the body that is built in ( not the door width ) ? 
what are the exact dimesions ? we have a space that is 17.5 '' widex33 '' highx25 '' deep 
does it have a lock ? 
does the power cable have a flat end that plugs into the wall where the cable goes to the side that saves space ? 
do the wine racks slide out without hitting the rubber insulation , when the door is at a 90 degree open angle ? 
the description in amazon states ( upper zone - 41 & deg ; f - 50 & deg ; f , lower zone - 50 & deg ; f - 72 & deg ; f ) , however customer feedback contradicts this . which is it ? 
what is the wattage ? dimension of the grinder ? 
will it grind peppercorns ? 
how does one clean this grinder ? 
can you grind nutmeg with this grinder ? 
is it completely stainless-steel ? how about the internal chamber ? 
what is the difference of this 17.99 model & amp ; the 29.99 model ? 
how tall is it ? i 'm concerned if it will fit under my cabinet . 
will it grind sesame seeds ? 
how well does it grind espresso grade fine coffee ? 
will it grind pills ? ihave a pet-tube 
will this match a brushed nickel moen faucet ? 
does the cabinet have 2 or 2 glass shelves . the product discription states 3 ? ? 
how big a recessed hole is needed ? will this fit into a hole of 13-1 2 '' x23-1 2 '' x3 '' ? 
what are the wall opening dimensions needed for this cabinet ? 
is the . inside of the cabinet mirrored ? 
what are the dimensions ? i want to put this inside a cabinet . 
is it for the counter only or can it be hung on the wall ? 
there are 2 size wine bottles . will it hold the large one ? ? 
does it hold non standard size wine bottles 
would these work for 2-liter soda bottles ? 
can these units be stacked for additional storage ? 
will this fit 19 w , 9 high and 13 deep if standing on the long end with bottles ? 
does it hold them at enough of a slant that the corks stay whet ? 
the shipping weight says 4 pounds , what is the real weight of just the rack as i doubt it weighs 4 lbs . 
dimensions ? 
is it quiet ? 
how deep is the freezer ? i 'd like to use this in my bar , and i want to make sure liquor bottles and or bags of ice can fit before purchasing . 
from reviewer 's dent comments can i pay extra and have better packing and pkg marked `` do not tip '' ? 
i read there has been a lot of problems regarding the shipping and the cooling of the fridge , have you solve this problems ? should i still be worried ? 
are you able to set this frig on the carpet ? 
does this use a lot of electricity ? did your bill go up a lot ? 
what is the minimum circuit capacity needed for this device ? will the freezer freeze ice trays ? 
what are the exact measurements of the mini fridge ? can i put it on top of a stainless steel cart ? or does it need to be on the floor . ? 
i am having trouble sliding the handle on . any suggestions ? 
what is the warranty ? i purchased this in august 2013 and it has quit working today 
does this smaller size cook a turkey ? 
can you cook a 12 '' or larger pizza in it ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
it worries me that all of the reviews are from 2013. none before . my sharper image lasted about 10 uses . has anyone had one longer than 6 mos ? 
how long have you owned the oven and is it still working properly ? 
i just got mine , can anyone recommend a french fry recipe 
who has had it the longest ? and most uses ? 
where this oven ( made in ) ? 
does this item come with a warranty ? 
is this the kind that is spring loaded to push the napkin to the front ? 
what size napkins does dispenser take 
what napkins does this use ? 
what napkin fits these ? do you sell them ? 
can it accommodate 6 persons ? 
can the table be purchased separately ? if so , how much ? 
what is the thickness of the glass ? 
do you have a buffet server that matches this set ? 
are the chairs real leather ? 
how heavy are each chairs ? are they solid wood as well ? 
is this a 48 inch table or 54 inch ? 
could i get this set with the white beige chair instead ? ? ? 
can i put the bench together without the center shelf ? i 'm worried about some taller shoes not fitting and one shelf will do just fine . thanks ! 
do you think the finish would hold up to being kept on a covered porch ? ( mid east coast weather ) 
how many pairs of shoes will fit on each shelf ? can you fit 4 pairs of men 's shoes on a shelf , or 3 ? 
how much weight will this bench support for a person sitting on it ? 
what is the height between shelves ? are the two shelves evenly spaced ? ( people have mentioned that not all shoes fit . ) 
what is the spacing between shelves ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
is this bench finished on the back ? in other words , does it look the same on all sides ? any raw edges ? thanks ! 
what are the length and width of the bench ? 
how is the glass attached to the base and does this keep it from sliding or tipping up if someone leans on the edge ? 
is this set made from solid wood , or veneer ? also , is it stable , or a little rickety ? ? thanks for any reviews here ! 
can i just buy the table without the 4 chairs ? 
manhattan round counter height table w glass top in drk cherry brown by furn of america is $ 400 cheaper . why ? 
can this item be used outdoors ? we live in s cal so the climate is mild . 
is this a plug in with off on switch ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
we use diamond 5 gallon water bottles , will these fit on here 
how cold does the water get 
does it have separate on off controls for the hot and cold switches ? 
we use water bottles that have a puncture cap to make replacing bottles spill-proof . does this cooler have the `` spike '' that punctures the caps ? 
is it noisy 
does it hold 3 gallon bottles 
can you use a 3 gallon jug also ? 
i have zephyrhills 5 gallon jugs delivered . are they compatible with this dispenser ? 
are there any child safety features ? 
how big is the chiller compartment ? will it hold a bottle of coffee creamer ? how about a gallon of milk ? 
i can toast but i ca n't turn the `` bake '' knob . what is the secret ? ( somebody threw out my owner 's manual ) 
does the timer dial tick ? 
what are the exact measurements ? thanks . 
is the tob 40 a newer model than the tob 80 ? 
i just purchased the tob-80 toaster oven . can you wrap potatoes in foil and bake ? can you cover casserole dishes with foil and bake ? 
can you fit 4 pieces of bread in this toaster oven ? 
1. what are the inside dimensions ? 2. anyone successfully bake chicken breast , pork loins , that sort of thing ? 
what is the size of this oven ? i believe amazon has mixed up the sizes for this and the tob-40 ! ! could you check yours is tob-80 and how big is it ? 
will this oven hold a 10 inch square baking dish ? 
does this unit come with a baking sheet and broiler rack ? ( says so but not pictured . ) thanks ! 
are the n2o cartridges disposable oir re-useable ? 
where can i get replacement o rings for this canister ? thank you 
how much cream do i add to make a full container ? 
how far is the bottom of a 60 '' tv from the floor when mounted on this tv stand ? 
what is this stand made of ? composite wood ? steel ? 
does the tv mount swivel 
is it a free standing tv stand or is it anchored to the wall ? 
how are the spacers for the mounting brackets constructed and how many are included 
is this dutch oven stove to oven safe ? 
where are they made 
what is the diameter of the bottom ? 
can you use it on the charcoal grill 
is it enameled inside as well ? 
can you store the blades inside the unit ? 
is this the same as the paderno slicer ? looks identical from pics ... 
i bought this slicer and can not figure out the mandolin part . which blade do i use just for simple solid circles ( say for a potato ) - nothing spirally . 
are the pieces , particularly the cutting metal , dishwasher safe ? i had one before and cut myself while cleaning it manually . ( i 'm a bit of a klutz . ) 
does this work on beets and all sizes of vegetables ? 
why is there a small rise ( hardly noticeable bulge , but you can feel it.. about 1 2 '' in diameter ) in the center on the inside the pan ? 
are these made in usa ? 
if you ca n't use soap to clean , what about bacterial food poisoning 
is the coating ptfe free ? 
what 's the diameter of the bottom ( outside ) ? 
does it fit the k79 brewing system with the tray removed ? 
does this fit under the vue 700 series ? 
how do you clean the lid ? mine has coffee stains that you can not reach with a sponge 
are these dishwasher safe , or must they be handwashed ? 
will it drive me to work while sleeping 
does the travel mug fit on the keurig to accept the coffee as it is made ... or do you have to transfer the coffee from the machine to the travel mug ... 
will this fit under a 20079 keurig 
i drink coffee with a straw . will this mug accommodate a straw ? 
what cotlor is the button - yellow or orange ? thanks ! 
does anyone know if it fits under the k450 2.0 with tray removed ? 
can you stack 2 of these on top of each other ? 
is the base onlya few parallel wires or does it have a mesh type bottom ? seems to have seen both from product pictures and a reviewer photo . 
will the keurig 2.0 fit on this ? 
any problems with stacking the keurig machine on top ? 
my keurig is too tall to open if it sits under the cabinets . i do n't want to scratch the countertop from sliding it back and forth . anyone use a mat to slide it out to make the coffee and then slide it back ? 
i want t use this under elec . teapot to store my teabags , trivia packets etc . will that work with this ? thanks 
how much weight will this support ? this is actually the perfect size for a microwave drawer . 
will this hold a bunn my cafe mcu machine on top ? 
will this hold the keurig b150 commerical brewer 
what color is this iron storage ? 
does the amazon one come with a brew basket ? 
this model ( 49467 ) vs 49611 , and which would you pick ? 
is the carafe 's lid removable from the carafe ? 
cone or flat filter ? and howlong to brew 12 cups ? 
i only use a coffee maker occasionally and do not care that it is programmable . will i have to set the time every time i use the coffee maker ? 
is there dribble when pouring the coffee from the decanter ? 
how do you clean this coffee maker ? 
is the plug 3 prong ? 
is the filter basket double walled , like a thermos bottle ? 
the description says that there is a water window but i ca n't see one in the picture . where is it ? 
how much does it weight ? ? ? 
what temperature 
does it have a variable darkness control ? 
how long does each waffle take to cook ? 
about what is the size of the waffle ? 
does the 31331 model have a working `` stay on '' setting function ? 
what are the power requirements or specs ? 
is it a non stick inside 
can this hold a 9x13 cake pan ? 
does the crumb tray actually catch the crumbs or do they end up all over the counter s they do with a toaster ? 
does anyone else have a gap on the top right corner of the door ? the left side sits flush but the right side does n't . wondering if this is normal . 
i dont have the clips that allow the grill to autoadvance.. does anyone else have this issue ? 
does it make a ticking sound on toast ? 
how many volts ? 220 or 110 
what are the inside measurements ? 
what is the ratio of cotton to what ? 
what kind of material are the sheets a and pillow case made of ? 
does the sesame street elmo chalk 5pc elmo twin bed-in-a-bag set fit an extra long twin bed ? 
what size ? 
is it the same quality as the ultimate fondant application system `` the mat '' ? 
will this work with fondarific ? 
i assume this is a two piece set- top and bottom mat layer ? 
is this the legit pro mat that 's sold at sweetwise.com ? or imitation ? 
does the pro mat need seasoning ? i did mine and it left little pockmarks . user error , should wiping it well help the issue ? 
where can i get the smaller version ? thanks 
hello , i just want to know , if the shipping to germany is possible and how much it costs . 
does this work well with marshmallow fondant ? 
would it work with pastry ? 
how are the ribbons attached to the box ? would i be able to switch the ribbon for another color ? 
what width of ribbon would fit in the pre drilled holes ? 
can a 4in shot glass fit into this box 
can you ship to ireland ? i would so love these ? 
what is the size of 1 box please ? and can you do an order for 150 ? thanks . 
will this box hold a cd case 
how many ounces do these favors each hold ? 
what are the dimensions of the full size ? my existing bed has a headboard footboard & amp ; i 'm not sure if it 'll fit 
can this be used with an adjustable bed ? 
will this ship to alaska ? 
what does `` e-king '' size mean ? is it the standard 76x80 ? and what is the real difference between 10 '' and 12 '' ? thanks 
is there any option that can be added for setup and removal of the old mattress ? 
can this mattress be used on a platform bed ? i.e . no box spring ? thx 
is a 10 '' mattress more or less firm than a 12 '' ? my friend has a 12 '' & amp ; i tried it out & amp ; it felt good , but i only have enough $ 's for a 10 '' . 
i sleep on my stomach i was reading some people did and some people didnt like it . i would love some more input about how comfortable it would be ? 
is it flexible enough to be used on an adjustable bed ? is the 10-inch mattress better than a thicker one for this purpose ? 
does the box spring come with this if not i 'm going to be mad that a lot to spend on a mattress ! ! ! 
can this be used on hospital bed 
we are stomach sleepers in my family , i 'm looking to buy 3 memory foam mattress . we want something thats plush , but still firm , any suggestions ? 
i 'm looking for a firm mattress . would you suggest this one ? 
the twin says its 10x38x38 . how is that correct ? it 's a small square ? 
have any truckers used this in their sleeper ? 
what is the weight limit for the 10 ' queen ? my husband is concerned due to his height and weight if he will be comfortable and will hold up . 
where is this made ? 
how big is twin size ? 
do they have any kind of warranty ? 
are the knives serrated or straight edge ? ( with the exception of the steak knives that are serrated ) 
with a square handle , do these knives fit comfortably in your hand ? 
are these made in china ? 
does it come with a sharpener 
are the handles sturdy on these knives . i have heard complaints that some knife sets have handles that break really easy . 
are the steak knives serrated or straight edge ? 
i would also like to know about the 15 amp requirement ... 
is this product made in the usa , or china ? 
is it quiet ? 
does it get hot to touch ? 
how long is the cord on this heater ? 
does this unit have a timer ? 
how many heating elements does it have 
how many heating elements does it have 
does this come with a two prong or a three prong outlet plug ? what is the difference between quarts and infrared does anyone know ? 
how high is it ? i need to fit it into an 11 inch space 
what is the dimensions of the middle shelfs 
how is the tv attached to the pole ? 
are the shelves on both sides removable or fixed ? 
at the lowest and highest setting , how high is the bottom of the tv off the ground ? 
does it rotate left and right too ? thanks 
can you pivot the tv on the mount ? 
can somebody explain exactly how the cord management system works ? the previous explanation has me confused ... 
the ad says this unit is 57.1 x 21.1 x 7.4 inches . could this be right ? it seems to me tha it has to be deeper than 7.4 inches 
is color black ? 
can stand hold a 55 '' tv ? 
the description states two different width dimensions : 48.3 and 66.3 inches . which one is the correct width dimension ? 
is there a closed back on the four audio video shelves below the tv ? can cords feed to the back ? 
what is the width of the side shelves ? 
are the shelves on the left and right the same width ? in their words , are the sides of the unit symmetrical ? 
what is the height of this product ? 
what is depth of the top shelf ? 
what exactly is the dimensions of the tv opening where the tv goes ? my tv is 44 '' in width , although the box listed it as a 46 inch tv . 
will it hold a 48 '' tv ? 
description says wood , but is it really solid wood ? 
do you have to have that top piece installed ? i was just going to exclude that , move the towers apart to fit my 65in 
is this really solid black or some type of espresso dark brown wood grain ? 
can someone please tell me how wide the middle shelf section is ? 
would it be possible to assemble the stand without the glass doors ? 
what is it made from ? pvc laminate mdf pressboard ? 
how many inches high ? 
will ups ruin this ? ? i just bought a similar one from bestbuy and i just returned it.. this looks almost exactly the same.. 
why does the product description say `` 52 '' wide '' , yet you have stated 47 1 8 '' wide ? ? ? what is the real width ? ? ? ? 
can this hold a 200 lb . tv ? 
are the shelves in the compartments with glass doors adjustable or is it possible to not install them to accommodate an item that is 14 '' tall ? 
i need to put a speaker that is 20h * 14.5d * 6.7w in the center section . i can put it side way if necessary . are the shelves adjustable ? thank you 
can someone tell me the dimension for each space ? appreciated 
does this tv stand on wheels 
does this tv stand have cut out holes to place the cords through ? 
can i get detail dimension of this ? thanks 
maybe a stupid question but i 'm confused by the dimensions listed ... in the description it states 43.3 x 16.6 x 5 inches . is 5 inches the depth ? ? 
my stand for my 52 '' tv is only 25 '' wide . will there be any issues using this stand with it ? 
does this sit flat on the floor or is it raised off the floor . if raised can you tell me how much . 
in the center shelf do you have to cut your own holes for wires to feed through ? 
is this sturdy enough to support an older , heavier tv ? 
is the head aluminum or stainless ? 
what is the head size of this tenderizer ? 
how much does it weight ? 
is is dishwasher safe ? 
where was it made ? 
is one of 4 sides flat besides the top also what is items weight and head size 
can you tell me what is included ( what came ) w the purchase & amp ; what had to be purchased separately & amp ; will it fit into a front load washer ? thank you . 
is this stitched on the fabric or is it plain fabric ? if stitched does it follow the pattern or is it random ? 
what is the stitching like on the quilt ? is it just a printed fabric or is there stitching on the fabric ? does the stitching follow the design ? 
what design is on the sheets ? 
can these fit twin xl beds for college ? 
the pictures show 2 different pillowcases ( black star wars and a white with x-wing ) . which pillowcase comes with the twin set ? 
how deep are the pockets on the fitted sheet ? 
what is the thread count on these sheets ? 
how long is the cord ? 
how much cost will it had to my electric bill each month ? 
how many elements do they units each have ? i 'm wondering if i would be better off to buy two for a large room with vaulted ceilings or one larger one 
i am confused about the electrical reguirements . can you plug it into any outlet . 
do these get hot to the touch ? i am looking for a solution for the kids ' room floor . 
what are the size of these ? 
what is the btu on this model ? 
will these heater work on a standard home wall socket ? 
what is the footage the heaters put out ? ... .size of rooms ? 
how loud is it ? 
what is the cost to run this heater ? 
what is the lowest setting , degrees 
is it safe like endenpure 
has anyone replaced the heating elements and know what it runs to do so ? ( yes , i saw the phone number posted , but that 's not what i am asking . ) 
do n't have a manual for this heater . can someone tell me how to set the `` eco '' mode , please ! 
what is the manufacter included warrenty ? 
does the lifesmart 6 element with wood cabinet come assembled ? jc 
how many watts is this unit ? 
there is no information of whether this unit has a fan , if it is thermostatically and speed controlled and what the cfm rating . 
in the comparison it says the warranty is `` 5 years on all components '' but the product desc it says , `` all electrical components are warrantied for 1 yr 
what are the dimensions ; height , depth , width ? 
hi , i 'm curious if there is a timer on this unit ? also , anyone know the dimensions of the fireplace itself , without the added shelf ? thanks ! 
is this assembled or do you have to put it together 
do these fireplaces have a blower fan on them ? ? ? 
you can put a tv 46 '' on this ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how much noise does this model 's fan make ? 
hi , can you run the heater without the fireplace flames ? 
what is the height if i remove the casters ? 
can christmas stockings be hung on the mantle or will the heat burn them ? 
what are the measurements 
how noisy is the fan or how quiet ? 
how loud annoying is the flame effect motor noise ( the motor that rotates the reflectors - not the blower ) ? 
can the lifesmart heater be thermostatically controlled ? 
we would like to set the fireplace into the wall , does the frame have a lip around it ? if so , how wide is it ? 
what are the dimensions of the unit 
our basement bedroom is 28 ' x 14 ' x 8 ' & amp ; stays around 53 deg c , will this warm it to say 70 deg c ? 
the answer to the blower fan seems to say this unit does not have infrared heat , only electric with a blower fan . is this not an infrared heater ? 
can this unit be mounted inside an entertainment center cabinet ? 
can you change the bulbs ? 
does the heater have a blower fan ? how many inches off the wall does it stick out ? 
when the infuser is not in the mug , does the lid is press fit on the mug ? or loose ? 
how well does the lid fit- does it let out much steam ? how easy is the basket to clean ? 
how thin is this mug , & amp ; does the lid fit w out the infuser ? i need something thin , with a lid i can use when drinking ( w out infuser ) . thanks : ) 
not many refs to coffee making , and that 's what i 'm looking for . did anyone get it for coffee , or use it for cofee ? 
is this mug microwavable ? 
who made the stainless steel piece ? is it made in china ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
do you have to remove the whole lid and sip it like a cup or is there a built in sipping part that we ca n't see ? 
the top of the first bottle i bought chipped off and i do n't know how it happened . is there a way to get a replacement bottle ? 
are there protective sleeves that can be purchased to help protect the glass , like the silicone glass water bottles ? 
can the plastic infuser take the acidity of the fruits ? or will i be drinking plastic water . 
does it hold 20oz of water ? or are some of those oz taken up by the middle fruit holder piece ? 
how much fruit can this bottle really hold ? 
is this bottle made of plastic or glass . it says bpa free , so i 'm confused . is the strainer portion plastic and the bottle glass ? thanks 
hello if you have light blue , send me that please , thank you very much . cause the picture looks it is dark blue . but it is fine , 
is this something you drink out of or pour out of ? 
define bottle 
does the bottle fit into a car cup holder ? thanks 
can you use it for loose leaf tea ? 
is the inserted infuser part glass or plastic ? i see different answers on amazon . thx 
can you use it for hot drinks like tea and coffee ? ? 
would this work well to flavor olive oil or vinegar or vodka ? 
is there a rubber case that can be ordered for this glass water bottle ? 
the infuser inside the bottle snapped . where and how do i order a new one ? 
my glass had a clean break at the top and i was wondering if you would sell a new glass part only ? 
what is the measurement of one finished flower ? 
how big are the pieces they make ? 
can i bake cake in this ? 
how much does each cavity hold ? i am looking for something that has 2oz ( 1 4c , 4tbsp , 60ml 's ) . 
if using this for soap how much does each bar weigh ? 
where does this item ship from ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what size batteries , and qty are required for this ? 
what kind of soap does it use 
is the bedskirt split on the corners ? 
are 1 comforter , 2 shams , 1 bed skirt , 2 euro shams , and 2 dec pillows just the sheets or it includes the pillows too ? 
is th eother color black or brown ? 
dimensions , please 
does it have a light come on when you open the door and while its cooking..light is a big help . thanks . 
did anyone else not get the express buttons.. ? 
what are the inside dimensions ? 
oster model : ogym1401 is there any way to understand the directions ? . i want to cook with this machine if possible . 
does this microwave have an internal light . 
has anyone had rust problems with this microwave oven ? 
is this a loud microwave ? 
what is the size of the turntable 
is this microwave black with stainless steel trim . it seems to be from the picture . 
does this coffee maker have a window for the water 
is this coffee maker a 4 hr auto shut off 
i read all the stuff that says the lid is fragile . but does it open from front to back , from right to left , of from left to right ? 
how long is the electric cord ? 
what is the inside of the reservoir made of ? 
do the swarovski crystals have anything to do with making coffee ? 
made in 
are the bottles transparent ? do we need to put a label to them or we can see the contents through the sides 
are the bottles transparent ? do we need to put a label to them or we can see the contents through the sides 
how many ounces do they hold ? 
what is the size of each individual bottle ? 
what are it 's instructions for use ? 
can it be used in a car 
what kind of batteries ? 
has anyone tried it clipped to a dog crate ? 
would the fan be effective in the south florida sun at the pool ? 
it says it comes with a lanyard . can you have it hanging around your neck with it turned on so it will blow up towards your face ? 
i am not seeing any size listed here . can someone tell me its measurements ? 
how long will the fan run , about ? 
is the fan very loud ? 
does it actually cool the air or is it just a fan ? does it have a sponge that you have to wet or something ? thanks . 
anyone using this brand with an induction cooktop ? if so , how 's it working ? 
can you store the pans by stacking inside one another or do you need to keep them hanging to not to scratch the surface ? 
pls advise me where it made from . many thanks 
is the finish matt or shine ? also , are the pieces heavy or light . i like a substancial weight with cookware . 
do any of the lids that come with this set also fit the 10 '' and 12 '' skillets ? 
does the premier professional go in the oven up to 400 degrees like the symmetry set does ? 
can you use metal spoons on these ? like normal cookware ? 
when i washed a lid , water got trapped around the side . i could n't dry it . are the lids difficult to clean ? 
does this use teflon coating or other dangerous coating similar to teflon 
i have read that some pans will make a buzzing noise when on induction burner . are these quiet ? 
want is the height in inches ? 
does this cover fit 0.7 microwave ? what is its real diameter ? thanks . 
is this product really bpa free ? 
hi , is this material glass or plastic ? 
made in thailand . add states bpa free . absolutely nowhere on the packaging or product does it state that product is bpa free . how do i know it is ? 
hello is this glass ? ... .cheers 
is it made in usa ? 
what is the height and whatis it made of ? 
can this be put in the top rack of a dishwasher ? 
i just received the norpro 2067 cover yesterday . the listing says that it is bpa free but i could n't find where it says that on the cover ? 
about this pillow i sleep on my side.all the time . what size would i get . and what kind of pillow case would i used . i heard that they need to be cott 
medium or firm ? 
what kind of material is inside of this pillow ? ? ? 
what is the warranty 
is this a white or green ? there are different sizes and firmness for weight and men and women 
is this different then the premium pillow ? 
how did you fluff up your pillow , no instructions with mine . 
i am constantly turning my pillow all night to get the cool side . it says this pillow stays cool ... is that true ? 
is the pillow white ? 
how to wash 
does this machine include cutting blades or just rollers ? 
how wide is it ? 5 '' or 7 '' ? 
how wide are the pasta sheets 
is the nonstick surface teflon ? 
i need a saucepan for melting chocolate for fudge . would this pot hold up ok ? 
does it work on a ceramic cooktop without marking the cooktop surface ? 
i would like the 3 qt saucepan in the red . can i get it and how much will it cost . 
where are these pans made ? 
are there other colors ? 
is this induction stove top safe ? ? 
how wide is the bottom of the 6 qt pot ? 
is it a magnetic grade of stainless steel ? dose a magnet stick to the bottom ? ( definitive proof of induction comparability ) 
will spaghetti slide out through the strainer holes ? thanks 
what is the origen of this manufacture ? china ? 
is this all stainless steel ? i have an induction stove and an alumim cores dont work . must be all stainless 
can it be used on an induction stovetop ? 
how do i place place it on a queen size bed ? folded at the bottom or draped at an angle ? will i need a matching amber pillow ? 
is the fur soft or is scratchy ? 
can this throw be machine washed ? 
would the 58x60 fit a full size bed as the `` comforter '' ? 
is the kit fox predominant color grey ? if not , which one has a lot of grey ? 
is the front and back sides the same ? 
does this blanket have any chemical smell ? 
i want to order 2 of these in the 60 x 84 size , exactly what date are you going to have these in stock ? thank you ! 
hi i am also looking to buy two 60x84 in the kitt fox when will you have some in stock ? 
what is size , i.e . length , width , height ? 
what is the height of the space between the lower slatted shelf and the bottom of the seat ? 
what exactly can you fit in the storage area . it shows magazines . tia 
how much assembly is required ? do you just have to attach the shelf and the legs ? 
i know the dimensions are stated but is it 17 '' wide and 18 '' high or vice versa ? 
is this suitable to use as a cocktail table ? would a tray sit flat if used on the top of the bench ? 
how tall is the storage space below the seat ( space between the shelf and bottom of seat ) ? 
what color is it ? 
what is the weight capacity ? ? are people able to sit on it ? ? 
is the finish a dark brown ? 
would one of the sizes be large enough for a queen size bed ? if so , which size ? i 'm looking for something that will cover two people . 
is the blanket double-sided ? 
what is the color ? it looks like it has black , white , and beige . i am trying to see if the color scheme compliments my living room . 
is the 58 '' x84 '' large enough for a king size bed ? 
is there a bolster pillow in kitt fox to match this blanket ? i ca n't find it in your store . 
conflicting responses : requested answer from manufacturer : what is the kitt fox underside made of ? i am reading conflicting responses from people . some are saying its poly fleece and some are saying is short faux fur ! how can this be ? is there a ... 
which one has the most black color in it ? 
has anyone tried to wash this blanket ? i 'm thinking of trying to hand wash , hang to dry and then fluff in dryer with zero heat . 
do you ship to the uk and if so how much 
what is the actual weight of 58 '' x 84 '' fur blanket iself , not the shipping weight ? the weight description is kind of confusing . 
will this rack hold pots and pans ? reviews say it 's flimsy . 
will this rust 
what is the actual size - width - of the 22 '' rack ( with cutlery holder and cup holder installed ) ? is it 22 '' or 27.2 '' ? 
is the water bottle holder on the side large enough to hold a 12 oz stainless steel water bottle ? like the thermos funtainer 12oz water bottles ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this insulated ? 
are the glass k-cup holders stackable if i purchased more than 1 ? 
is there a flat solid surface for cups to sit on in the bottom of the drawer ? i only see a single rod in each run allowing for cups to sit at a tilt . 
what is the height of this drawer ? 
the glass appears to be a really light green in some customer pics and the advertisement pics , is this the case ? thanks ! 
can i use this for nescafe pods ? 
can the kurig elite 45 sit on top of this 
will this hold keurig vue cups 
i just unpacked my new glass storage drawer-included in pkg are 4 3 '' pcs of flexible plastic tubes split . what are they for ? 
we have a breville coffee maker . can you give me the size of stand ? 
will a keurig 2.0 fit alright on this ? 
should i worry about any charcoal dust particles staining my clothes in my gym bag ? i know charcoal is normally black , what about bamboo charcoal ? thx 
are they somehow `` rechargeable '' ? placing them out in the sun or some such thing ? 
what is the length and width ? thanks ! 
could these work in the fridge instead of buying the one that they advertise for the fridge ? these would be almost two for one.. 
has anyone used them in a vacuum cleaner bag to eliminate doggy odors ? 
do they really cost $ 999.99 for 2 ( 50g ) bags ? 
i have just bought a used leather handbag and it has a moldy smell . will it work if if placed them in the bag ? 
would these work to remove the smell of stale cigarette smoke from a wooden desk drawers ? 
how long do these work effectively ? do they expire ? thanks ! 
i have 2 small closets and was planning on putting one mini bag per closet . think that would work ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
are these sturdy enough to stack two or three on top of each other ? 
are the cells large enough to hold ladies belts ? 
what is the dimention of each cell ? 
can you store children shoes . 2 shoes per cell . shoes for a 2 year old . 
is this price for all three pieces or per piece ? 
i looked at all of the questions and they are the same i am asking . you did not answer what are the dimensions . there is not product description . 
is this item real wood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
are they made of real wood ? 
are these 3 separate bookcases or a single 3 shelf bookcase . what is the back made of . thank you 
how much can this safely hold in weight ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
dimensions ? 
can you please tell me the total width with all 3 pieces put together 
what is the total height of the entire piece ? 
what is the height of the individual shelves ? 
why are the dimensions and weight different from `` product details '' vs the `` product description '' ? which one is correct ? 
is the bookshelf made of real wood or particle board ? 
how much assembly ? 
i would like to use this bookcase as a room divider and would like to know if it 's finished on both sides or are there screws showing in the back . 
are 3 slats enough for king size bed ? currently have 5 wood slats that have failed and thought i would need 5 replacement slats . 
what is the minimum and maximum height of the legs ? the product description does not specify . 
is the center support fixed , or movable ? in other words , i would like to have the `` center '' supports a little `` off center '' ; can i do that ? 
does this replace a box spring or do you still need a box spring ? 
can this be used without a box sping i have a simple low wooden platform bed with wooden slats 
how many of the slats do you get for the price ? 
what height adjustment is available on those legs ? 
how much weight can the slats support ? 
do they rust ? have you put them in the dishwasher ? 
is this a `` made in china '' product ? 
are these forged or stamped ? 
what knives are included in the set ? 
is this chicago cutlery belmont 16 piece block knife set forged steel ? ? ? ? 
does this set come boxed for gift giving ? 
what is the material of the block itself ? wood , plastic ... .etc ? 
was some reviews about these rusting after one use . has anyone had any issues with them rusting ? 
can they get rusty ? 
what is the width of the block set ? 
i liked these knive new , but after a couple of months they turned dull , and i ca n't sharpen them using the provided tool . do i need to buy a separate 
are the handles wood ? 
are the handles on these solid ? 
are the knives high-carbon stainless steel ? 
does it come with a sharpener 
does this set rust ? ? 
is the wood block actually this nice dark brown as the picture shows ? 
are the steak knives straight or serrated blade ? 
are the handles on these smooth like plastic or do they have a rubbery feel to them ? 
are these guaranteed bought recently dropped one and shattered in to 3 pieces 
any recommendations for how best to sharpen these ? 
are any of the knives serrated ? 
where are these knives ( belden series ) made ? china ? and it says steak knives are forged , hoa about the rest of them , are they forged 
can someone list the pieces in the set and their size ? a picture of all the pieces layed out or the back of the box if it has all the knives would be great . thanks ! 
looks like the hose comes out from the top of the canister , rather than the front . does that reduce kinking of the hose ? or make it worse ? 
does this unit have a telescoping wand and a full bag indicator ? thank you 
does this model come with tools for cleaning tight areas , stairways , and furniture ? 
are all the pieces included and manual too ? 
how many amps ? ? 
how many amps of power does this vacuum have ? 
is this a true electrolux or an imatation . see 1-start reviewer who was told by repair shop it 's a fake . 
where is this product made ? 
does it come with a retrackable power cord 
i plan to buy this vac and would like to order the correct bag . which bag do i order ? 
where do i find the replacement filters 
does the filter monitor work on restriction detection or an operation timer ? 
does the replacement filter-winix 115115-fit both the 5300 and the 6300 
what is the difference between this and the 5500 ? 
ca n't find my manual anywhere . can someone remind me how i clean the filters ? am i supposed to wash the prefilter and the hepa ? ? 
does it come with filter 
does it purify the air in a larger roon than the 5300 ? 
is this product good for dust collection ? 
what does plasma wave do 
are the lights obtrusive in a bedroom at night ? it will be facing my bed so will i be starting a bright lights all night ? can you turn the lights off ? 
is the back finished ? i 'd like to use as a room divider . 
what is the height measurement between the shelves ? 
what color is it ? 
is the actual shelf made of wood ? i 'm concerned about the baskets leaving rubbing scrapping marks as they are pulled out repeatedly over time . 
is it black , espresso or brown ? if black , is it true black ? 
what is the measurement from one leg to the other please ? ( how much legroom is there from side to side ) thanks ! 
is there an estimate of its weight capacity ? 
what is the table top size and the height ? 
what are the dimensions of this desk ? 
is there any kind of warranty period ? 
people are commenting here on memory foam , but this is latex foam matterss , right ? how soft firm is it ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what are you supposed to put this on top of ? as i understand it , the warranty is voided by putting it on a platform or box foundation ... . 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
generally how long will it take to get this product ( delivery period ) ? and how do you pack this product fot delivery and size of this with packed ? 
can this topper be rolled up easily to move ? i 'm thinking of getting one to use for camping . 
has anyone tried sleeping on this 3 '' topper alone , without a mattress underneath ? i 'm wondering if it would make a good camping pad all by itself . 
does anyone know the density in pounds of this topper ? basically , is it very soft ... do you sink in or is it firm enough for proper support ? 
does anyone know the actual dimensions of the twin size topper ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
does it sleep hot ? also , i wake up every morning with back and body aches , does it really help with that ? thanks ! 
anyway to get the smell out fast ? got for hospital bed for sick husband need now 
will a california king size topper work on a standard king size bed ? there are no king size available , only ca king . 
what is the foam density for this mattress topper ? 
does anyone know what exactly is the density in pounds for these toppers ? particularly the twin size ? the product description does n't mention this . 
shipping weight on product is 16lbs why is the same mattress through another distribitor there shipping weight is 40.2 ? 
does this come with a cover and what kind of cover is it , if it does come with one ? 
what is the density rating on this mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin lucid mattress ? 
could you please provide measurements of the mattress 's indentation load deflection and its pressure reaction in mmhg ? 
what are the dimensions for calif king ? 
can people share their experiences after using it for , say , a year ? does it retain the initial thickness and comfort . 
is it hot ? 
whats the difference in quality and comfort between the 4 inch , 3 inch and 2 inch . cost is a factor for me but so is the pain i wake with every am . 
does this have a cloth to cover ? included ? 
what are the measurements of the mattress ? 
camping 
what are the dimensions for the king size ? 
is there a cover 
visco 
think this can be used on an adjustable bed ? what would happen with a raised head ? a raised foot ? ( there 's a sort of frame at the end of the bed ) 
think this can be used on an adjustable bed ? what would happen with a raised head ? a raised foot ? ( there 's a sort of frame at the end of the bed ) 
is this lucid linenspa 10 '' mattress a firm or plush mattress ? 
people are commenting here on memory foam , but this is latex foam matterss , right ? how soft firm is it ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what are you supposed to put this on top of ? as i understand it , the warranty is voided by putting it on a platform or box foundation ... . 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
generally how long will it take to get this product ( delivery period ) ? and how do you pack this product fot delivery and size of this with packed ? 
what are the actual dimensions of this ? height width depth ? 
what is the density of the foam used ? 
where is this product manufactured and made ? 
will this mattress fit right onto a metal frame ? or does it need a spring box ? 
people are commenting here on memory foam , but this is latex foam matterss , right ? how soft firm is it ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what are you supposed to put this on top of ? as i understand it , the warranty is voided by putting it on a platform or box foundation ... . 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
generally how long will it take to get this product ( delivery period ) ? and how do you pack this product fot delivery and size of this with packed ? 
can this topper be rolled up easily to move ? i 'm thinking of getting one to use for camping . 
has anyone tried sleeping on this 3 '' topper alone , without a mattress underneath ? i 'm wondering if it would make a good camping pad all by itself . 
does anyone know the density in pounds of this topper ? basically , is it very soft ... do you sink in or is it firm enough for proper support ? 
does anyone know the actual dimensions of the twin size topper ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
does it sleep hot ? also , i wake up every morning with back and body aches , does it really help with that ? thanks ! 
anyway to get the smell out fast ? got for hospital bed for sick husband need now 
will a california king size topper work on a standard king size bed ? there are no king size available , only ca king . 
what is the foam density for this mattress topper ? 
does anyone know what exactly is the density in pounds for these toppers ? particularly the twin size ? the product description does n't mention this . 
what is the density of the foam ? 
can some one explain what `` small body impressions less than 1.5 inches are normal '' means since their not covered under the warranty ? 
what is the weight of this ? 
dimensions of this product please ? 
does it come with a removable washable cover ? 
where is this made ? 
what are the measurements 
can it be cut 
what is the ild rating for this topper ? 
how long will this topper last ? have you had it for 6 months to a year ? 
would this be soft enough to use by itself on a wooden platform in the back of a car ? 
can this memory foam topper be cut to fit a non-traditional mattress or will it fall apart ? ( i have a boat with a v-berth so i will need to cut it ) . 
is this topper warm hot to sleep on ? 
was this topper difficult to clean ? 
i want to use this on a pull out sleeper . can i roll it up and put in a closet when not in use ? thanks ! 
what are the dimensions of the full size topper . 
what is the density of this product 
can i just put this foam on the bare floor and sleep on it , instead on keeping it on top of mattress ? 
i have a mattress that is about 3 years old , we are supposed to turn it around once a year , but it is much too heavy to turn , will this topper work and cover the large dent where i lay ? 
what is the density ? 
how big is the box it ships in ? will it fit in a car ? 
what is the pound density of the memory foam ? 
could you tell me density of matress ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
does this mattress come exactly like the picture on display ? it looks like it has a box spring with legs in the picture . 
who makes the base bed frame shown in the photo ? 
does it have latex in it 
is this a good matress for a side sleeper ? 
it has been over 48 hours and 10 inch mattress has only expanded to 6 inches . have others experienced this ? 
can a lucid mattress be used on a single size adjustable bed 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
are these green ceramic fry pans dishwasher safe ? 
can you cook on med-high heat with these pan ? so many non-stick coating pans do not allow that much heat . 
can you order lids for these pans ? 
how do you clean them ? 
where are the pans made ? 
do these pans stay level on the bottom ? i have had fry pans in the past and they all raise in the middle creating a terrible hot spot ( except cast iron ) . 
do these work on an induction stove ? 
doe these pans work on induction cooktops ? 
hello , do these pans bring lids ? thanks . 
can you use oils if you want with this pan ? 
how many inches of the diameter ? 
is this pan oven safe ? 
can this be used on induction cooktop ? 
where is it made ? 
how big are these ? 1 qt , 2 qt , ect ? ? 
microwaveable ? 
what size are the bowls ? 
how deep is each pan ? 
how do you remove the inner pan when you take it out of the oven without burning your fingers ? is there a notch or something that helps lift it out ? 
has the non-stick coating flaked off at all ? 
can this meatloaf pan go in the dishwasher ? 
what is the interior enamel or stainless ? 
what material is it made of ? ok on induction stove ? 
will it work on an induction cook top ? 
while the coatig is enamel , i am wondering what metal it is made of . aluminum ? stainless steel ? ... 
any carpet rake marks after use ? 
will it work on any type of carpet ? do you push it or pull it ? 
how stiff are the bristles ? 
does it remove pet hair 
will the bra organizer hold larger cup size bras such as d and dd ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
can you buy them seperate 
dimensions of each piece ? 
do they have or can you buy lids ? 
what are the approximate dimensions ? 
i want to use this to hold scarves ; fashion scarves not heavy winter knitted ones , do you think the cells are big enough to hold a folded or rolled scarf ? thanks , karen 
what are the washing instructions ? 
re : the 24 cell . are the sections large enough to fit women 's thick knee socks ? 
would these work for a baby dresser organizer ? for diapers , etc ? 
i 'm wondering about the red color . is it tomato red , or more orangey . the picture in the internet looks more orange . 
my basement door is 24 inch wide , will it fit through the door ? 
how does the sofa feel when you set on on it , is firm and stiff or is it soft , how comfortable is it ? 
does this part work in the nespresso aeroccino ? it looks exactly the same , but ca n't tell if it is the same size 
does this part come with the brother i just bought ? why do i need this ? 
is this same as epica ? would that fit epica 
i need the frother for model 003. is this the part i need ? 
are these replacement parts - high and low magnetic froth attachments - going to work properly in nesspresso model 3192 ? 
does this part fit the lifstyl ls milk frother ? model no . mfs-20 . 
this does not seem to really froth . in my machine it really just stirs milk but no froth on top . what am i doing wrong ? 
what does the back of these look like ? are there bolts holding the cushions or is the back side of these clean ? ca n't find any other images 
what at the minimum and maximum seat height adjustments ? 
how do i adjust the height ? 
can i buy more of these stools from you ? i need 16. baxton studio crocus walnut and black modern bar stool 
where are these stools made ? thanks . 
how do i take this stool apart crocus walnut and black modern bar stool 
how high in inches does the seat raise to ? 
need assembly ? if yes , how many parts needs to be assembled . do the the draws have backs access to place additional media equipments ? 
please advise weight capacity . i have a 70 '' that weighs 160lbs , thanks ! ! ! 
what is the color of this tv console ? is it expresso , similar to the color shown in the picture ? 
can an lcd display clock or power indicator light from a cable box be seen through the frosted glass door ? 
when using a dvd player , tv box , or gaming device can they receive signal from a remote through the glass ? 
can i do without the legs and just rest the whole piece on my floor so there no no small gap underneath ? 
are the drawer handles replaceable changeable ? i love the stand but would like to use different drawer handles . 
will remotes work thru glass door or must it always be open ? 
are there dovetail drawers in tv stand 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it come assembled ? 
what is the size of this cabinet ? 
is it lockable . 
is the back of the cabinet finished as well ? 
what are the dimensions of the cabinet when opened 
what are the dimensions of the cabinet ? 
are the shelves in the center removable adjustable ? 
can anyone upload pics of the bar ? 
does this unit have a lock on it ? 
can you use essential oils with this product ? 
does it turn off automatically ? 
can you use this on an airplane ? i mean are there any restrictions ? if you can plug it into your laptop then i do n't see a problem ? has anyone ? 
is there another brand of portable humidifier that is a better quality than this one ? i 've had 2 and in both cases the electric cord malfunctioned . 
what kind of outlet adapter do i need to purchase and how many hours does it run since it does n't seem to shut itself off ? 
my mister stopped working . the blower is not projecting the mist . maybe the mist outlet needs to cleaned ? does anyone know how to clean it ? 
how , where can i get a good connect cord ? 
how do you clean the unit for storage ? 
are you able to purchase additional purifying rods ? 
can we buy filters ? if yes , let me know where and price . thanks 
are these dishwasher safe or do they need to be hand washed ? giving these as a gift and would like to know what to tell the receiver ! 
how many ounces is each glass ? 
are the glasses 12 oz or 16 oz ? top worded descrip says 16 oz , but product details says 12 oz . 
is it silent as it works ? 
hi , just received mine and filled water to max line , plugged , lights work , but mist does not . help ! thanks.. 
can this be used as a humidifier as well ? 
how much water is supposed to be left inside when it turns itself off ? there seems to be a lot of water in there and it stopped 
will it work with hydrosols ? 
is there a warranty on product ? 
what type of oil is used an how to use it ? 
what are the colors in the color changing mode ? 
does this diffuser have music or bluetooth ? 
if you want to use 2 or 3 differnt essencial oils during the course of the day is it difficult to change them out ? 
can you give dimensions on the curtains ? 
what is this curtain made of ? is it fabric ? 
is this the set or just the curtain ? 
let me rephrase ... i see that it comes in black or bronze . what are the colors in the mosaic ? 
what colors are in this set ? 
is there black in the mosaic border of this shower curtain ? 
does this set come with a window curtain ? 
do you have bronze 3 piece towel set and bronze tooth brush holder 
how far apart are the two nozzles ? the reason i ask is that i want to buy a drip tray that 's wide enough to accommodate both . 
what are the two small rubber washers for ? are they for the faucets ? if so , where do they go ? 
i have a danby chill n tap , will this fit where the exsisting tower is ? 
will any tap handle fit on these perlicks ? can they be replaced with the 650ss flow control ? 
what kind of connections come with this ? can i connect it directly to a threaded pin-lock disconnect out of the box ? 
which are the shipping package dimension ? 
what size ( id ) are the hoses ? need to order some pin lock disconnects . 
i have read several reviews that say the queen comforter is a little small . what about the rest of the set ? would buying a king be too big for a queen 
is both sides of the comferter camo also ? 
is both the top and bottom sheet in camo , ,and all the pillow cases also ? 
do you have this 7 piece queen set with deep pockets ? we have thick mattresses ! 
i honestly do n't understand how after shipping the twin size in over $ 80 dollars and the queen is about $ 60 ? ? that seems very unfair . 
is the material microfiber 
what size are the throw pillows ? 18x18 , 20x20 ? 
what is the length of the couch itself from arm to arm ? 
how deep are the regular seats ? 
are the back cushions loose or sewn on ? 
is the color just gray ? i want to make sure that it does not have any yellow in the fabric . 
are the 4 accent pillows ( yellow white ) included ? 
is the chaise reversible to either side of the couch ? 
is the back sofa piece one section ? we have very narrow stairs to go down and the lengh can only be that of a loveseat and not a couch ! 
how many pieces does it arrive in ? will delivery person carry up my stairs and leave at doorstep or place in open door ( single mom , work m-f 7am-5pm ) 
what color are the sheets that come with this ? and are all 4 of the pillow cases the same as the two shown in the photo ? 
what should i do buy or not buy the bedding ? so many people are saying how after one wash it faded and then other have had great reviews about it . 
does the fitted bottom sheet have deep corners ? 
does this really come with the comforter or is it just the sheets ? 
what is the depth of the fitted sheet ? i have a pillow top mattress and i need the sheet to be at least 14 '' deep , would prefer 16 '' . 
what type of rice does this cook ? will it cook sushi rice , glutinous rice etc ? 
how many cups can this rice cooker cook ? 
i lost the measuring cup for this model , what is the corresponding measure ( in ml . ) for the cup ? 
what is the maximum cups of rice you can cook in this rice cooker ? 
how do you clean the inner pot ? does it come out so you can cook it ? is there a mold problem with the lid if you do n't wash it after every use as one user stated in a different version ? 
how do you replace the battery when it dies ? do you have to mail the rice cooker back to the manufacturer to have a new battery installed ? 
can i set a timer reserve the time to when to cook the rice ? it 's one of the functions for the korean one , but not sure if its the same for the us one 
are the buttons on the machine in english and korean or korean only ? 
is the display in english or korean ? the picture shows korean . 
is inner pot stainless steel and can it cook a cake ? 
does ceramic inner pot have a coating to make it `` non stick '' ? if yes , what is the coating ? what is the inside of inner lid made of & amp ; coated with ? 
how long does it take to cook the white rice by using this rice cooker ? 
is this 8 cups of cooked or uncooked ? 
can i use this island as a dinning table ? will the counter serve enough space once you have the drop leave up ? 
what is the depth of the trashcan compartment without the drop leaf up ? what is the length without the towel racks installed ? 
what 's behind the second door ? does is also roll out ? i need a cabinet that will hold both a garbage can and and recycling bin . thanks ! 
are the wheels removable ? 
base on the picture it looks like there is a leaf ( of sorts ) that overhangs beyond the main body of the cart . can this be used as a breakfast bar . what are the dimensions of this 'over-hang ' ? 
rowenta says i need to spray starch on the back of fabric or it will stick . can i spray starch normaly on top of the fabric without sticking ? also how often do you have to self clean to prevent calcium buildup ? 
have an iron that requires seveal button clicks to set desired temp . how is this turned on and temp selected ? 
i 'm looking to reduce chemical exposure . what is the chemical inside the tank ? 
how many volts is the iron ? 
where is this made ? 
does it have automatic shut-off ? 
amazon says this weighs 3 pounds . another site says it 's 4.4 pounds . whao is right ? 
does it get hot enough without the steam ? i recently purchased a very expensive steam iron that is not hot enough to iron much of anything without using the steam . some things just do n't call for steam . i want to make sure this one will get hot enough ... 
is it made in japan ? 
approximate weight ? 
is the whole pillow washable or only the cover ? 
i purchased mine to tie to the car seat , but it did n't come with something to tie it with , any suggestions on how to tie it to the head-rest ? 
what do you use the tie the loops together to get it to stay put ? 
what are the dimensions of this pillow ? 
what are the loops on the side for ? to what do you attach them ? 
do you put on top of your normal bed pillow or right below it so it supports your neck and the rest of your head is on your pillow ? is it washable 
did they stop making the non-velour version ? i prefer that one as it stays much cooler . 
dies the neckbone chiropractic pillow by original bones get very warm around your neck after awhile ? i do n't like the heat on my neck . 
how do you use it ? do you lay with the flat part under your back ? 
can you attach to car seat 
can this be used over the headrest of a recliner 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it have the cushion for your head ? i have seen others that are bone shaped and behind it is a halfmoon for your head to rest . is this the same ? 
is the `` brown '' color a dark brown , or the light beige color that is pictured ? 
is the shape an equal triangle or two sides the same and one different ? 
is the pillow washable ? 
is this one softer than the original neckbone i 've owned for years . that one is hard as a rock . is this one as firm ? i 'd like a softer one . 
what is the circumference of the middle , narrow part of the pillow ? 
how long are each of the knives -- blade and handle ? 
how long is the largest knife and blade combined ? 
can it be use for meat cut 
how would these work for making mini pies ? 
is this mold made in us or in china ? 
can i use these for steaming purpose ( pudding for example ) 
hello ! are these molds big ( or small ) enough to make mini fruit tartlets ? i do n't want them to be too big , just about two to three bite sizes . 
what are the dimensions of the pan 
is this product good to use for making homemade body products ? 
when you bend them , do they turn white ? 
what country was made from ? 
hi can you please send me sizes of ths mold and the mini square mold thank you 
panna 
is it black paint or faux leather on the top ? 
cant really tell but is it an elastic band that holds the cigarettes and if so does it work well in holding ? 
is it for king size cigaretts ? how many does it hold in the case ? thank you . 
is it black on both sides ? 
does this case hold 100 's & amp ; if so how many 
is the faux leather on both sides or just the top ? 
to me the chair looks almost white in the pictures . is it white , or is it ivory ? 
do i really see touches of olive green and a burgundy shade of red ? i need both ! that could be my chair ! help ! 
there are two different chairs in the picture . which one is this ? 
what is the weight capacity of the chair ? 
how sturdy are the shelves ? i am in nursing school and thus have a lot of very heavy textbooks . just 6 of my books weigh a combined 30lbs . 
whar is it made of ? oak plywood ? 
can someone tell me the exact width ? there are 3 different ones on the page . thanks ! 
movable shelves ? 
is this bookcase shipped assembled ? 
does the instruction manual come with this shelf bookcase ? 
i am disabled does sauder or another co. assemble this for me for a fee ? i`ll pay it i owned sauder before 
on a scale of one to tippy ... .how likely is it to fall over ? 
what is the height between each shelf ? i know they are adjustable but assuming even spacing between all shelfs . thanks . 
the dimensions of the shipping box for this bookcase are confusing . for 70 7 8 inches tall , how long is the box -- one comment was wrong i believe . 
where is this cup made ? in the usa ? china ? thanks . 
how many oz is this ? 
i am assuming that the lid is plastic but i am not sure about the mug . is the mug ceramic or plastic ? thanks 
this is made in china , not usa ? 
where can you order a kitchen aid flex edge beater for model number kg25h7xwh 
will this fit a k45ss 
your description says fits `` other models listed below '' but i saw no listing . i have a kitchenaid deluxe edition 6 quart lift stand mixer will it fit ? 
will this fit a k5ss model ? 
does this fit the 6 quart bowl lift ? 
does this fit the 6qt kitchenaid lift bowl mixer ? 
i bought the kitchenaid pro 600 glass bowl 6 qt lift has anyone used this on the glass bowl that comes with this model instead of the metal bowl ? 
will this stand up to high heat candy mix ? 
wwill it work with the 5.5 qt . mixer ? 
does this work for the kv25 models ? ( professional 5 plus ) . ca n't find anything truely kitchenain that says 5.5 qt . just 5 qt and 6 qt . i have a lift bowl system . 
what are the care instructions on this pillow ? is it machine wash dry-able ? 
how firm is this pillow ? 
do you need a casing cover ? where do you get pillow cases for this ? 
is this a pretty thin pillow ( liek the kind the airlines let you use ) or a regular or a super stuffed one ? 
could it be used as a knee pillow ? 
why did the price go up from $ 6.50 to over $ 10 ? ? ? ? ? 
do you also sell pillow cases for this pillow ? 
is this comforter set a soft smooth material that you can take a nap on , or rough and scratchy meant just for looks ? i want to know how it feels . 
what is the outside fabric made of ? 
is the queen long enough to hang over edges ? 
is it polyester or cotton ? 
is it machine washable ? 
is this actually white , or is it kind of an ivory off white ? 
again , what are the dimensions of this butter dish ? 
is it large enough to hold two `` west coast '' sticks of butter ? 
is this item dishwasher-safe ? and , what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this butter dish ? 
does it fit replaces model blc10650hb ( part # blc12650-05 ) ? 
does it fit model bl2010bp ? 
does this fit blc 10650mb 
does this fit bl1900 ? 
does it fit model bl2500s ? 
do it have the plastic piece at the bottom ? 
does this part have the black plastic piece coming with it 
does it fit model bl5001 ? 
does it fit 12600b model 
does this fit a bl 2900 blender ? 
is it a top and bottom = 1pan ? ? ? 
what tempature do i bake these at and for how long ? vicki 
so is it a top and bottom that is the two pans or do you get two sets to make a total of 40 pops 
does the pan come with instructions ? 
can you just use a box of cake mix , or is there a special recipe for these ? 
has anyone tried baking brownies in these ? if so , how much do you fill each mold 
when you use silicone molds does they come out `` normal '' in a round shape or does they come out in two and then you have to stick them with chocolate ? 
what are the dimensions of the cake ball ? 
what do you mean by standard size ? 
this may be a dumb question , given that the info specifies solid wood construction , but sometimes the info does n't translate into fact . is it ? 
are the legs removable ? 
what is the true color ? ... more of a walnut or espresso ? 
length and widh 
how tall are the legs of the bench ? 
what are the dimensions of the baskets ? 
how much weight will this bench support ? 
is there a cushion for this bench on amazon that you have used and would recommend ? 
my recliner arms are not real wide . does this fit all size arms well ? ? 
do you have it available in black with the wires ? 
is the table removable ? 
would this work on a chair with 6 inch wide wooden arm rests ? 
how long does the pocket hang down toward the seat 
does this rack need to be screwed into the door or is hanging it sufficient . 
does it fit dvd 's ? 
do you have other smaller width sizes ? 
dimensions ? 
how wide is this ? 
how long is each over the door rack ? there are 2 is n't that right ? 
are the shelves deep enough to store cds dvds ( about 5 1 2 '' - 5 3 4 '' ) ? the vhs tapes in the photo ( just over 4 '' deep ) look pretty tight . 
does this come filled with butane ? 
how do you read the fuel gauge ? i can only see what looks like a spring inside . 
what do you use it for other than creme brulee ? 
can you find refills for this in europe ? 
why is mine shooting like a flame thrower on the lowest setting ? 
how do you open use this ? also , what size butane do i need for this item ? 
does this torch have an annoying safety switch ? 
does this torch have a built in ignitor or do you have to light it with a match ? thanks ! 
how hot a temp does this torch go ? 
this product comes empty ? no butane fuel at all ? ? ? 
how much room from the floor to the bottom of the bench ? i need to know if there is room to fit a floor register deflector 
what are the dimensions of the seat of the bench ? i want to know if i can purcase a cushion that will be compatible to its size 
i would like some clarification on the `` grown wood construction '' . what part ( if any ) of this bench is solid wood , not manufactured ? 
i 'm looking for a bench i can install a cat door in the end and put a litter box inside . can you tell me the dimensions of the inside compartments ? 
is the color dark brown or is it white ? i see different specs than the picture implies . 
is the color dark brown or is it white ? i see different specs than the picture implies . 
is the bottom partial board ? 
instructions are missing . where can i find them at ? 
can the middle divider be removed to store a larger item that is more than 22 inches ? 
is this solid wood or mdf ? we have large people in our family . will is support those over 200lbs ? 
is the rack stainless steel or chrome plated ? 
can you cook with this on a glass top stove to make gravy ? 
can i cook with this pan on top of the stove ? 
large enough for a 15lb turkey ? 
is the heating rack made of stainless steel as well ? where is it made in ? 
this item indicates it has fold down handles in the description . is this accurate ? it does not appear as if they can fold down.. ? 
has anyone ever made lasagna in this pan ? 
where was made ? 
what are the pan 's outside dimensions ? do the handles stick out beyond that ? ( my oven can only take a 16.5 inch dimension ) . 
can i use this in the broiler ? 
are these micorwave safe ? will the handle be too hot to touch if you reheat coffee in them in the microwave 
what color is the darker one , looks like could be brown or purple . 
how many ounces are these ? i 'm trying to get an idea on size . thanks . 
where were these made ? 
what are the made of ? ? ? 
where are they made ? 
how tall are these mugs ? trying to find out if they will fit under the b31mini keurig . 
are they ceramic ... .porcelain ? ? ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair ? 
what is the measurement of horizontal part only not including the depth of the back ? thanks ! 
can you describe the type of fabric on the chaise ? is it polyester microfiber or a fuzzy velvet ? or more like a linen ? does it snag easily ? thank you ! 
hi there ! interested in finding out , is this easily put together ? is it delivered in one box or two ? pretty comfortable ? thanks ! ! 
is this chair actually leopard print or black ? the picture reflects leopard , but your description is a little confusing . 
is this chair actually leopard print or black ? the picture reflects leopard , but your description is a little confusing . 
what are the measurements ? wide ? deep ? height ? ... thanks ! 
sorry another question - how deep are the shelves ? ? ? thank you 
how many shelves ? can extra shelves be ordered ? 
does the glass have grooves for plates ? 
is it solid wood ? 
is the glass tempered ? 
is it lighted ? 
does it have a lock ? 
how much assembly is required ? 
does this curio cabinet have a light ? 
does this cabinet have a front doors or is its open ? 
what is the exact depth of the display cabinet ? i know it says 11.5 in description , just want to be sure it 's not more than that . 
is the front the same as what i ca n't see ? does it need to be against a wall ? 
could someone please give the dimensions in height x width x depth in inches ? thanks ! 
i am hoping to use it for my books , will it be strong enough , each shelf will have to support the weight of books ? thanks , marion 
is there any assembly required or does it come fully assembled ? 
what is the clear opening space between the shelves ? 
can the cabinet be used without the glass panel at the back ? thanks . 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
is there a glass door in front ? 
is there a center console ? 
when you pull t recliner lever , does the cushioning slides forward , away from the wall ? or do you need space between the sofa and the wall ? 
does it recline farther back or just as far as it is in the picture ? 
how difficult is it to assemble ? 
is this type of material conducive for dogs ? 
are the backs removable for easy moving 
is there a matching reclining loveseat ? 
what are the shipping dimensions ? 
will this be able to be delivered up to a 2nd story apartment ? 
does this recliner have a warranty ? how long ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what color is it , golden or taupe ? 
how high is the seat at it 's lowest point ? is the seat firm ? 
does it come assembled 
in how many pieces is this chair shipped ? 
what are the dimensions of the chaise lounge length , width , height 
how long does the wall have to be on each side that touches the walls 
does this have a light ? 
what type of wood is it made of ? 
is the wood a deep dark brown or more of a medium brown ? 
is the glass really heavy enough to hold books as pictured ? or is just a `` curio '' cabinet ? i want load it with dishes . 
does the door to the cabinet lock ? 
does this close airtight ? 
does this item have to be assembled by customer ? 
is it comes assembled 
what is it made out of ? 
how many panels are in each order , 1 or 2 ? 
how are they installed ? i thought i read they have a rod pocket . can they be pulled open and closed . that would be tough with a rod pocket install . 
what is the max size rod i can buy to hang these sheers with ? thanks 
is the curtian one panel or two in the order ? 
how do you release the seal ? i simply ca n't open the containers ? 
how do you release the seal ? ca n't open container ! ! ! 
are these freezer safe ? are they recyclable ? 
would these work with a food saver ? 
will these containers work with a food saver ? ? 
where are they made ? 
what is the average length and width of these ? i have some and they are way too bulky . would like something smaller . thanks . 
is this product treated with a coating ( such as a lacquer , beeswax , coconut oil , etc ) ? 
does this product carry forest stewardship council ( fsc ) label or a similar `` earth-friendly '' certified organization label ? 
is there laquer on these utensils..i saw where some say they have lanquer , and lanquer is toxic.. 
where are these manufactured at ? 
do the sheets have the wrestlers like the comforter or just wwe logos ? 
are the sheets grey with logo all over and is the pillowcase as shown here ? 
what is the dimension of the sheet set while it is packed , i need this piece of information for international shipping ? 
does the full size fit a queen size bed ? 
does these wwe bedsheets come with comforter ? ? 
how much is the shipping wheight of this article ? i & acute ; m asking because i live in another country ... 
is same to the picture ? ? 
hi , the desing is the same as the one in the picture ? thanks 
does this product come with just a comforter or does it include sheets as well ? 
where is this product made ? 
is there any coating or laquer over the utensils ? 
hi what is the size of the containers are ? 
would sandpaper be an effective way to clean these remove mold ? 
what kind of coating is it ? an oil or synthetic ? 
does this product carry forest stewardship council ( fsc ) label or a similar `` earth-friendly '' certified label organizations ? 
are they heat resistant ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
what kind of adhesive is used for this product ? does that adhesive contain formaldehyde ? 
where are these made ? ? thank you ! 
does this one look like the other harry potter snuggies that look like their school robes ? is the scarf attached or a separate piece ? 
is there a lot of gryffindor detail on the scarf or just the small patch at the bottom ? 
does this throw come in the box shown ? 
how does this come packaged and is it very difficult to unpackage and let unsettle ? 
i want to know the firmness of the mattress 
can someone please tell me where this is made ( country ) ? 
we do not want too firm of a mattress , but have heard that we should purchase a mattress with 5 lb density . what is the difference ? 
do i need a box spring ? 
i read that 5 lbs density would wear less.. would n't that be better than 4lbs ? i 'm a bigger guy ... 300 lbs . 
do i really need a foundation ? 
can you elaborate more on the `` 120 day trial ! warranty : 20 years limited warranty '' or point me to a link ? 
is the density high enough where you slowly sink into the bed or low density where you sink right in ? 
why is this mattress marked down so much ? 
i just purchased the mattress and foundation . the mattress did not come with any can do or do n't do booklet . can you please either email me one or s 
i like my mattress to be comfy and warm . is this mattress cold ? 
i let my new mattress breathe for 78 hours in well ventilated room . have slept on it for a week and the chemical smell remains . i 
can i use this 14-inch grand cool breeze gel memory foam mattress with a adjustable queen base ? 
do i need a foundation to go with the 14 '' cool breeze mattress . 
what size sheets does this take ? 
is the mattress come with a factory warranty or i have to get one for the 30 years ? 
can it be used on an adjustable bed system ? i am looking for a new mattress for my leggett & amp ; platt base adjustable bed system . 
can it be used on an adjustable bed system ? i am looking for a new mattress for my leggett & amp ; platt bass adjustable system . 
will this fit on a regular bed frame 
are they white on both sides ? 
what is the size 
what are the dimensions of the round coasters ? 
what are they made from ? 
looking for dimensions for square and round coasters 
would you be able to coat your artwork so they would n't run when a wet drink was set on them ? 
would it work with acrylic paint ? or could i cover with sculpey ( polymer clay ) and bake for 10 minutes ? 
could you run these through a printer ? has anyone tried ? 
what is the weight of the coasters like ? is it heavy paper like a card stock ? or is it more of a cardboard consistency ? 
slot to put paper inside ; for zentangle inserts . has anyone used them with zentangle ? 
what type of `` finish '' is the paper ? smooth or pebbly or something in between ? thanks folks 
can i use these for sublimation ? 
what size are these 
how well would these hold up to watercolor washes ? 
can i use this as a bed cover without the duvet for summer use ? my duvet filler is really great but too warm for summer . 
is the eggshell more cream , more of a yellow tint , or ecru or lt. tan ? 
does this have ties at the corners 
the add says it fits king size but does not say anything about cal-king will it fit that ? 
does it open close with buttons or ribbons ? or neither ? thanks ! 
does this duvet cover have something in the corners on the inside to keep the down comforter in place while it 's in the duvet ? 
does this duvet cover hold up to regular washing machine use ? does it pill or fade ? 
does this cover have buttons to close up the end once the filler is in it ? 
is there a polyester liner in this duvet cover , or are all the materials 100 % cotton ? 
is it just a duvet cover ? do i have to buy the fill as well ? 
would this fit a duvet measuring 94x96 without bunching up too much ? 
is the gray one true to color or does it have a blue tint ? 
is it too dark for a dark room ? love the pattern but worried it 's not light enough ... ca n't real tell 
what color sheets go best with the light grey duvet set ? 
when it say full queen how off is from each of the sizes ? 
is the duvet cover see through ? would it work if i put a colored comforter inside ? 
how do you open these ? we recieved them and they are pretty , but ca n't get them open . 
do you have another set of colors , like blue , red , green or yellow ? 
do the purse hooks have a rubber back or some type non-slip back so they ca n't slide on the table ? 
can you get certain colors in the set ? for instance , i only want the pink and white hooks 
i can not get the clean filter to reset after cleaning ? 
can i run this 24 hours a day 7 days a week . does it need a rest ? 
what type of filter is this ? does it have any carbon ? 
has anyone used this air purifier to get rid of cigarette smoke coming in from outside ( like from next door neighbors smoking in their balcony ) ? 
although recommended for 220 sq ft. is it really efficient ? or it 's actually for 100 sq ft ? i use aquarium canister filter and it 's always rec 3x . 
does this put out ozone ? 
do we ever have to touch and or replace the bulb `` permanent '' filter after excessive use ? ( i live in a city with smog freeways lots of train dust ! ) 
what is the purpose of the blue led light ? 
does this model create ozone ? 
do you have to replace the filters ? 
what 's the difference between the optimus u-31002 and optimus u-31001 ? 
does the opening where the mist comes out rotate to direct where desired ? 
what kind of water should i use ? 
what kind of filter does it have ? paper or some other kind ? 
how big a room does it work in ? 
does this hold 1.5 gallons of water like the title says or 1.11 like the description says ? 
how do you clean this unit ? is it difficult ? 
can i place this humidifier on a wooden floor ? 
does it take dual voltage ? 110-240v ? 
how do you know when to refill it ? 
does it come with a warraty ? 
can i add essential oils to this ? 
is there always a light on ? 
can you clean the optimus u-31001 1.5 ga cool mist ultrasonic humidifier only using clorox or can also use vinegar ? 
can this one turn off automatically if the water runs out ? 
if the unit is running & amp ; you unplug it & amp ; then plug it back in , will it turn on automatically or do you have to push a button to start it ? 
does it use a filter ? i do n't see any mention of filters . if so , how much are they , how often do they need replacing ? 
area size good for 
i ca n't find the manual . can anyone let me know whether it is online or where can i direct my maintenance questions ? 
i feel like all the mist is just sinking to the floor . any suggestions for settings placement to make sure the humidity is getting into the air ? 
are the fans quiet ? 
initially , in what direction do the fans blow air in relation to the black frame ? 
how much air does these blow ? i want to use it as a window fan to blow out hot air from inside the room . 
can these be used with a speed control ? 
what si the rpm ? do the fan push a good amount of air or more of a light breeze ? 
do you have a matching black , perforated grill to be used to draw air into an enclosure , with this fan being used to push air out of the enclosure ? 
turns on automatically with ps3 fat through usb , but not with ps3 slim . has anybody else had a problem with the fan not turning on auto w ps3 slim ? 
will these fans bearings work well when verticial air flo up , as im want them for air flo behind an rv refrigator , thanks don 
can it work with 220-240v and can it come with a british bs-1363 type ? 
i have a enclosed cabinet with the back facing a wall . the fan would be installed in the back . i 'm i better off using the fans for exhaust or intake ? 
can you hear the fan , how quiet is it ? 
is it better to mount where the fan pulls out the heat from the cabinet or better to blow air into cabinet ? 
will one of these keep the computer tower section of my desk cool or should i get more than one ? 
what is the cut out size so i can mount them right ? 
are you able to replace the fan ? would i be able to use a different 120mm pc case fan with this product ? 
can the polarity be reversed so the polished frame can be outside the cabinet to blow hot air out ? ( see kevin 's answer to previous question ) . 
how can i control when this turns on and off without having to upgrade to the model with a thermostat ? if i plug it into my yamaha receiver usb output 
can you use them in a push pull configuration ? 
any ideas for a way to get this to turn on off automatically ? my components dont have usb . 
has anybody wired these fans to a thermostat ? i want something i can use in my media cabinet , but i do n't want them to run constantly . 
is there a place in the knife block that would hold kitchen scissor 's , if purchased separately ? 
are the steak knives serrated ? 
has anyone regularly been washing clearing these in the dishwasher . anyone experiencing any rust ? 
are these blades forged ? 
the title says 12-pc . set , yet in the description it is describing a 3 pc pairing knife set ? all of the review are for the 12 pc set . so which one 
made where ? 
is the chef 's knife included in this set the same one that 's sold individually on amazon ? 
is there a warranty ? 
can you close the lid with the spoons inside ? 
how much can each spice container hold ? will the spice tins rust due to corrosion after few months ? 
i 'm clumsy - if iit gets tipped , will all of the spices mix together ? 
is the see-through insert in the lid glass or plastic ? 
do the spices stay fresh ? it looks like it does n't have individual lids for each of the spices . 
what are dimensions ? 
can the plastic cover be taken out from the stainless cover lid to be washed separately ? 
amazon dimensions are often incorrect . could you give me the diameter of the large container ? 
how much does each spoon hold ? 
do you need to grease these pans or are they non stick 
what is an idly and do you have a recipe for it ? 
can i use it on induction stove top ? 
how did you handle the whistle `` problem '' ? do we always need to be holding it ? 
how big around is each concaved indentation ? is it as big as a burger patty ? would this be good to steam burgers ? 
how do you take the idli plates out of the stand ? 
recently bought this . after a few minutes the lid lifts up about half inch and you can barely hear the whistle . is this normal or do i press it down ? 
once steam was built up , the lid kept rising half way , allowing steam to escape , no matter how much i pressed it down . is this a defect of the maker ? 
my idlis turned out to have small grey specs on them ( on the side touching the metal only ) after they were made in this cooker . please explain . 
what is the diameter of the plate ? 
how many oz do each of the sizes hold ? can the large one hold a 5 lb bag of sugar or flour ? thank you 
airtight 
i will be drinking out of one of these , so my question is about the rim . how sharp is it ? too thin to be comfortable ? 
are the lids glass or plastic ? 
are the lids difficult to take off ? i 'm wondering if someone with blunt fingers and no nails could easily remove the lids . 
are the containers matte or shiny ? ( one picture shows them as matte and the other as shiny ) 
are these containers stackable ? 
does brown sugar stay soft in these containers ? 
are the lids flat so you can stack them on top of each other ? 
are these canisters dishwasher safe ? 
are these compatible with any bottle or only specially made ones ? 
ceramic or plastic tops ? 
would these work to be put on wine bottles to reuse them as water bottles ? would they fit ? the top of the bottle i have is a inch across . 
are these porcelain or plastic ? 
does this come with one or two rubber washers ? 
does this turn like the `` italian bottling spigot '' to prevent the tip from touching the surface ? 
fits what size hole ? 
does anyone know if this spigot would work as a replacement spigot for a mr. beer 2 gallon beer keg . 
what size tubing fits on it ? 
height ? 
thickness , 9 mil 10 mil ? ? ? 
diameter ? ? ? ? 
does this bucket have half gallon or 1 gallon markings on either side ? 
is the lid oven safe as well ? 
is this made of bonechina ? 
the lid comes with plastic around the outside . is that oven safe ? 
are the corningware french white pieces broiler safe ? 
is this made in china ? 
what are the dimensions of the inside , bottom of the dish ? 
is this lead free ? 
what are the dimensions of the top of the dish ? i see the product dimension on amazon , but often this is the size of the box . 
what are the interior measurements of these mini pie pans ( top and bottom ) ? thanks ! 
how many ounces does each one hold ? 
flared rim and handle on select pieces . are these select pieces ? 
what are actual dimensions 
exact size 
i am concerned that so many people have said that their pieces have arrived broken -- in some cases more than once . how can i prevent this ? ? 
is the lid microwave safe ? 
will it fit in a toaster oven ? 
can i bake in the iii oval casserole at 350 f ? 
up to what temperature can this product be baked ? i cant find it listed on the website . is it the same for all their products or does it vary for each 
can you bake in oven with cover on ? 
does this 1.5 qt casserole with glass cover have handles 
dimensions 
what are the baking temps ? 
many people have expressed their opinion regarding the assumed fragility of the glass lid . has anyone actually broken the glass ? 
what 's the maximum weight it can hold ? 
hi , i 'm looking for something to hang up a hammock chair but i 'm on a budget ... do you think they might work for something like that ? 
what screws do you use for these ? i 'd like to hang a child 's swing indoors in the ceiling or doorway 
does the hook allow swiveling ? 
is the frame intended to hold the sleeve with the album stored in it ? 
has anyone framed a gatefold album cover ? and , if so , did it fit ? will it hold a double album ? 
it is easy to change the vinyl on display as the album i want to frame is the most played on my turntable 
i want to use 3m command strips to mount the framed album on the wall . is the back of the frame wide and uniformely flat enough for command strips ? 
what is the inside `` viewable '' dimension.. ? 
if i buy 6 of these frames , may the shipping rate be adjusted so that i do n't have to pay the indicated amount for each frame ? 
is the black paint on the frame `` shiny '' or `` flat '' ? thank you for the answer ! 
what type of backing does the frame have ? is it the multi-clips with cardboard kind ? if not , please describe . ? 
how heavy is the item ? 
will this display the circular vinyl record or only the cardboard album cover ? 
are the large and or medium big enough to use as ottomans ? 
what are the dimensions of the trunks ? 
could i use these for file folders ? ( use these instead of a file cabinet ) 
how large are these trunks ? 
what are the dimensions for each of the 3 boxes ? 
does it come in the colors shown ? 
tds meter included ? 
does it filter out fluoride ? one custmoer review said no more fluoride , but i did n't see it mentioned in the description anywhere . 
what is the # for the replacement filter for the zp-006 6 cup pitcher ? 
is the filter the same size and shape as larger zw pitcher filters ? 
does the filter remove.rust from well water ? 
mine arrived today . it is packaged only in clear plastic shrink wrap - no product box . is this to be expected , or is something missing ? 
i have bought this pitcher . it came with the water tester . what color should the tester be when i test my water ? 
is the filter the same as the other zero water product ? 
does this filter remove salt ? i recently installed a water softener system at the house and i ca n't stand drinking the water , taste like sea water 
is this pitcher bpa free ? 
are the drop dangle faux crystals made of glass or acrylic ? 
how much space it occupies in packaged form ? 
how big is the top level ? will a regular cake fit on it ? 
how big are the smaller trays ? could more than one cupcake fit on each one ? 
has anyone used this for only cupcakes ? if so , how many will it hold or would you approximate ? thanks ! 
does this stand come dismantled or is it fully made ? i am travelling from usa to pakistan so was wondering what would be the best way to take it.. 
what is the diameter of the top tier ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how do you get the k cup out if they stay in so well ? 
so ... is the brand mind reader or keurig ? 
it looks as though it is mde of metal but upon reading other reviews , it may not . is it plastic or metal 
how wide is it ? 
would this provide 'sealed ' storage for the non-keurig brand pods that have a mesh bottom ( to keep them from being constantly exposed to air ? ) 
how tall is this product ? 
will the self-locking system work on dolce gusto pods ? 
does it come with a container that locks onto the end ( i.e . a chopper food processor function ) 
is the dhb719 have variable speed 
is this one variable speed ? 
is this a tri-blade model ? 
this is listed as being 18.5 inches long . is this accurate ? 
i want to know the ac current is it 120 or 220 watts ? 
i want to buy reverse osmosis filters to replace my old one but will purenex 1c-1gac-1s-1i-1m50 reverse osmosis ro filter replacement set fit all ro ? 
my post carbon inline filter did not have a flow direction on it . which direction should it face ? 
i have aquakleen water refinemeat system mod # aqk-545 . dose these filter fit it ? 
does this come with a 50 gpd flow restrictor ? 
purenex t-33 reverse osmosis coconut activated carbon cartridge has no flow direction on it , i need to know the direction of flow to install it . 
what brand of a membrane ? is it make from china or usa 
hi , i have this system bought here @ amazon.com my question , `` what are the dimensions of the membrane included in this kit ? '' i need 11 3 4 '' x 1 3 4 '' 
what is the purpose of the coconut filter ? i know the carbon block is for taste and odor , but the manufacturers specs do not explain the blue top filt 
i bought this replacement setup from you and my tds is still over 300ppm.. my tap water is 570.. please help.. 
is the finish filter set up to use 3 8 '' od tubing ? 
do you need a box spring for this if using a gel foam mattress ? 
is this disassemblable ? if yes do could we use the slat kit that comes with this package ? 
how many boxes is it shipped in ? 
can someone tell me do you think that 's just the mattress alone in the main pic ? trying to get an idea how high it sits . 
so with the slat kit , can you use just a queen sized memory foam mattress with no box spring ? 
what is the height on the sides ? 
are there legs under the center of the bed ... can i store a single mattress underneath ? 
if i use a 8 inch thick mattress ( without a box spring ) , would there be a gap between the headboard and mattress ? if so , what would be the best size ? 
is this item only the bed frame ? not three pieces as shown in the picture ? 
can this be used with a sleep by numbers bed ? 
there are so many choices , i am a single woman , no pets , rarely home , price is an issue ... do you think this is good choice , not sure which to get ? 
does it use virtual walls 
i have read reviews where they mention accessories . what accessories are there and do they come with the docking station and charger when purchased ? 
what is the height of the roomba 
will it work on long hair carpet ? 
i have carpet almost all over the house ( except kitchen and bathroom ) can i use it ? does it do a good job ? 
what is the actual sq footage it cleans ? for instance will it go from bedroom to closet down hall to dining room & amp ; then to other side of house ? 
can it transition from hardwood to rugs ? 
what is the warranty on this ? also does anyone know how long these machines last ? the neato versions do n't seem to last a year . any suggestions ? 
where does it store the dirt and how do you remove it ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it screw in ? 
my door is 1.75 '' think , which is wider than standard door sizes . will this fit ? 
how wide of a door will it fit ? ie hang over 
what is the rack made out of is it metal ? 
what colors are in this curtain ? 
would you consider this a quick dry watershed curtain or does it require an additional liner as well ? 
other than home sweet home , what other sayings on the shower curtain ? 
what color pattern window treatment will go best with this shower curtain ? 
will the stars and vines patterns for decor match this curtain ? 
is there a rug to match ? ? ? ? 
is this a cloth shower curtain or does it feel more like a shower liner ? 
i see several buyers have said theres more black than tan in the shower curtain . would tan rugs and walls match ? 
do you have window curtain to match ? 
do u have the soap dispenser and the tooth brush holder that matches with this shower curtain ? 
how does this install to the rack ? 
can be mount in a bar rod that is not round ? 
how many ties fit ? 
is it metal or plastic ? 
tie capacity belt holders ? 
can it be installed on a wire closet rack 
where are the batteries , front or back ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many ties can it hold ? 
how many ties can this unit hold ? 
how many ounces does each decanter hold ? 
how many ounces does each decanter hold ? 
how much liquid does each decanter hold ? 
am i missing how many oz . each decanter holds 
what is sticking out behind the chair ? is it just fabric , or is it required for stability ? 
is the chair adjustable or is there just one angle ? 
can one put this chair on top of cushions ? if so do the cushions need to extend beyond the back stabalizing floor flap ? 
what fabric is it made of ? tuff duck ? or cotton ? 
can i carry in my suitcase ? can i fold it up and so that i can pack in my big bag ? or it just stayed up like showed in the pic ? also is it sturdy enoug 
i lost the directions to put together almost immediately upon delivery ! how do i assemble ? 
is it easy to carry and take it with you ? how convenient is it to carry when you go places ? 
how much does this chair weigh in pounds ? 
how much does the 4 qt . casserole weigh ? 
is midnight blue a navy blue or royal or other ? 
hello . is this casserole suitable to induction ? thank you 
i am considering to purchase 4qt and 2qt together . whereas one is written midnight blue , the other is blue - are they same color though ? 
can the casserole be used on the stove top ? dansk kobenstyle 4 quart casserole . 
can the casserole be used on the stove top ? dansk kobenstyle 4 quart casserole . 
can the casserole be used on the stove top ? dansk kobenstyle 4 quart casserole . 
is it machine wasable ? 
what are the dimensions 
does it have a 2 prong plug or 3 prong ? 
what 's the wattage ? 
i 've had mine for a few years and feels only luke warm on high . is it losing heat ? 
so do you just unplug it and put it in the washer ? mine has a plastic part that remains on it ? gentle cycle ? 
can i get this in beige ? 
are there other colors avaible ? 
how long is the cord ? 
does this bed need a boxspring ? 
how high are the actual feet of this bed ? in other words , how much space between the floor and the start of the leatherette ? 
how thick is the headboard ? does it have good soft padding ? 
how wide is the gab in the middle if i put two twin beds together ? 
is the headboard included ? does it come with slat boards for across ? 
what is the true dimensions of the bed 
how much clearance is there under the bed ( for underbed storage bins etc ) ? 
what is the bed frame made of : wood or metal ? 
how sturdy is the headboard ? could an adult sit up in bed leaning against it without worry of it breaking ? 
i recieved one box so far with the slats and headboard . anyone else recieve the second box on a seperate day ? 
are the bed pieces , head-board and frame all covered in the leather look material for an aesthetic appearance ? 
can you use a foam mattress with this ? do you need a board on top of the slats ? 
can this bed hold a 10in mattress ? 
what are the beds feet made out of ? are they wood or plastic ? 
will this bed hold my girlfriend and i together . i am 230 pounds 6'5 and she is tiny like 100 so i guess will it hold 330 pounds no boxspring ? easily ? 
what is the difference between the villa espresso and winn espresso ? i only see height difference ( headboard styling ? ) , but are they same height from floor ? 
can a box spring be used ? 
what is height between bed and floor 
is this fairly easy to assemble ? i get easily frustrated putting things together and do n't want to run into any problems . 
is this black ? what exactly is winn expresso ? sounds like brown to me ? 
i have a 12 '' queen mattress . what would the height of the bed be on this frame ? 
how many slats are there ? do they provide good enough support without the mattress sagging between slats ? 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
does this come with a mattress 
does come with the head board shown correct ? 
could this be used for occasional camping ? 
i 'm 5'10 and weigh 170. is this better than buying the 75 $ floor futon ? i just want optimal comfort . 
can 2 people sleep in it together ? 
can you sleep on it right on the floor ? we 're looking at it for an everyday bed , but it seems like you 'd feel the floor through the mattress ... 
is it comfortable to sleep on when folded half to make a twin size mattress ? 
what size is it when it is rolled up ? 
how can i get the terrible smell out of this ? ? ? i have been airing it out for a week and it still stinks . 
how much does the queen size futon weigh ? is it easy to carry on in the airplane ? 
i noticed a reviewer comment on the size of the futon . are the actual dimensions of the futon as advertised , queen size , or are they a bit smaller ? 
how do you clean it ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
has anyone used this for tent camping ? 
how firm is this bed ? i had a foam floor mattress before but it got soft too quickly . i would love something to be firm and stay firm ! 
can it be machine washed ? 
does anybody know the dimensions of this bed when it is rolled up ? thanks ! 
is this mat actually 60 '' x 80 '' or is it 30 '' x 80 '' ? 
whats the difference between this mattress and a normal futon mattress ? does this mattress have button studs ? r thy uncomfortable to sleep on ? 
how small can the full-sized futon mattress be rolled up ? can it be folded in half first then rolled ? i 'm hoping this wil store well in my hope chest . 
how portable is the full size mattress ? could it be taken camping or is it too heavy bulky to transport ? 
is this machine washable how can i clean it ? 
what size sheets would work well on this ? ? 
does this futon retain its firmness well over time ? thanks ! 
does this futon retain its firmness well over time ? 
does it fit a regular full size bed ( if i already have the flat bed base ) ? will this be too long ? 
is this comfortable for people that sleep on there side ? 
do you put sheets on it ? 
will these hang coffee cups when suspended from wire racks ? 
will the hook fit over a 1 '' clothes rod ? 
what is the product dimension of xs hook ? 
the last 5 sellers of this product have sent me the wrong kind -- - both openimngs are the same -- - are these just like the picture or not -- - thanks 
would these hooks hold 5 pds ? 
can i use these to hang extra handbags in my closet ? thanks ! 
i 'd like to use these to hang reusable grocery bags on the handle of my stroller . would they work ? 
did anyone that bought this get 10 pieces or 1 ? 
can anyone tell me the total height of each hook ? i am finding conflicting information in the product description ? also , are they stainless steel ? ty ! 
what is the weight limit on these hooks ? can it support a heavy cast iron pan ? 
how many canisters are included in this set ? it says 8 piece . does it mean 4 canisters with lids or 8 canisters with lids ? 
hi , i purchased this set back in october 2013 and just yesterday the largest container was dropper and broken . can i purchase a replacement container ? 
how tall is the biggest canister ? 
how many c uhh ps will each one hold ? 
can you tell me what the diameter of the opening is on these ? and , do the spice jars open to a shaker option , or are you just able to pour from them ? 
does it have a port to vaccum seal mason jars ? 
can the vacuum be turned off and only used for sealing ? 
does this sealer work as a jar vacuum as well ? is it compatible with food saver jar vac tube ? 
what is the difference between this model and the seal-a-meal model fssmslo160-000 at $ 44.95 ? ca n't decide on which one to get , help . 
does this model come with the tube to use with the jar attachment ? 
is it work on 220 volts ? 
anyone used for camping ? is the seal water proof ? 
can the bags be reused 
will food saver bags work on this ? 
does this come with a tube for a jar vacuum 
is the product come with candle ? 
does this require high pressure ? can it be used with a 12 v pump water system in an rv ? how many gallons per hour ? thanks 
how do i install this filter to my faucet ? 
which model of the ultracab replacement filter is suitable for this filter ? 
how many filters core candles do the filter come with ? 
i would like know how often it requires changing filters ? 
does this filter eliminate flouride from the water ? 
how are they for hanging a wet men 's button down shirt to dry ? what do they weigh ? 
what size are these when folded ( want to know how much suitcase space will they take up ) 
would these be able to take the weight of a wet damp t-shirt , or light jacket ? 
what is the size of the hanger when open ? 
does the stainless steel platform detach so i may clean it separately from the base ? 
can i store the scale on its side or does have to stay level the whole time ? 
does the scale weigh negative too ? for example : if i have a bowl with food in it , tare it , and then remove some of the food , does it give a negative ? 
if u weigh in grams does this scale display points inbetween ea . gram example 28.1 or 28.2 or 28.3 or would it jus display fr . 28 to 29 grams 
is this scale made in the usa ? if not , what country makes it ? 
does the 15 lb capacity include the tare , or could i weigh a 13 lb item in a 3 lb container , for a total of 16 lb ? 
how do you change the units , do you just press the strange button on the front ? 
does this scale flip to pounds after reachiing 16 oz . ? for making soap , you need to be able to measure in ounces above 16 , but not pounds . 
how accurate is it when measuring items less than an ounce ? i bake and do other kitchen magic and need a scale that will also weigh small amount of sodium citrate , etc . 
i need a scale that weighs accurately as i am weighing chemicals . does this scale weigh each gram or does it jump 5 grams at a time ? 
what is the weight of each bag ? 
what is the 4th piece ? 
what makes this a 4 piece luggage set when there are only 3 pieces included ( 21 ' , 27 ' & amp ; duffel ) ? 
does the 21 '' expandable aisle-glide carry-on have spinner wheels ? 
i have an air conditioner heater window unit , and the heater part went out . i am thinking about getting this heater for the winter for living room.ok ? 
how much does this unit cost to run w thermo ? cant decide if i let it run longer at 3000 watts or use more energy and run shorter on 5000. advice ? 
how hot does the outside of the unit get ? could it be touching a wall ? ours did n't come with a manual . 
when the heater reaches the temp you selected does the fan shut off along with the heater 
how low can you set the temp . 
what color is this unit ? 
can just plug in to any wall outlet ? 110 
would keep the whole room warm 
how many cfm ? 
what kind of squre footage will it cover 
how many slats does this bed frame have ? 
is it black or dark brown ? 
the name of manufactor 
can you please specify the exact size of the king and california king bed ? 
does this come with a mattress ? and do i need to buy a box spring ? 
how big are the spaces ? could a cat squeeze through them ? 
can anyone tell me if this is 79 '' wide ( as described here ) or 52 '' wide as described on the manufacturer 's page ? previous answers claim both . 
is it wood or metal ? 
will this stay upright on carpet ? is it flimsy such that a cat could easily knock it over ? 
would it be able to hold photos , or prints on it ? that are clothes pinned to it ? does it look weird with the spaces ? 
is it stable ? i want to use to display clothing . thanks ! 
what is the true width of the unit..it says 79 x 0.8 x 69.8 inches in the product description.. 
does it come already assembled 
i 'm confused re product dimensions . product details says 79 '' x 69.8. one of the answers says it only 52 '' wide . can someone clarify ? thanks . 
what is total lenght ? 52 '' 54 '' ? 
can you remove the top of the `` cork '' once it 's in the bottle to pour ? this could be done with the one i saw at a winery but it was $ 25 . 
planning to this on a trip ... . will this pass through tsa in carry-on bag , or will it need to be checked in ? 
where are these manufactured ? ? 
is there a gap between the top of the liquid ( inside the corkcicle ) and the actual cork stopper ? mine has about a 1.5 inch gap and i wanted to confirm if this was natural or mine was defective . 
would a queen mattress fit comfortable on top of it ? i know there 's a queen size , but i might need the smaller full size to fit in a bed frame 
for anyone that 's had this bed frame for a while : any sagging ? does the mattress slide around on it ? 
do you know if this product could sustain a full size futon matress ? 
what country was this product made ? 
can a box spring be used with this frame ? 
is the bed frame adjustable to the size of the mattress ? my mattress measures 72 x 37 . 
does this frame double as a futon couch ? since it is foldable or is that mainly for storage ? 
can it be folded in a couch position like a futon ? 
can you make this frame shorter ? i only need the 7 inches they mentioned above . is it adjustable , or what ? 
would i be able to attach a headboard to this frame ? 
will it fit inside a queen size bed frame headboad that has exactly 80 x 60 inches of clearance ? want to use as replacement for bed slats in frame 
i want to be able to use a futon mattress & amp ; fold the unit up like a regular futon `` couch . '' is that possible ? 
do the two sections of the queen frame bolt together in the middle or is it just plastic clamps . 
shows a height of 14 '' , 7 '' , 6 '' - how high is it ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
can the frames for the queen bed frame be used separately for a twin mattress ? 
can the frames be used separately for a twin mattress ? 
can i use it with an aerobed inflatable mattress ? i 'm concerned about sharp edges or springs that might come in contact with the inflated mattress . 
i do n't have a large truck or van to transport stuff , so will this item fit in a mid-sized car folded ? 
headboard attachment ? 
which is the voltage of this cupcake maker ? 
`` are the cupcakes mini or full size ? '' 
can you use cupcake liners ? 
could you make anything else other then cupcakes in this maker ? like , omlets , meatloaf , etc . ? 
hi , on avg . how long to warm up the device and how long does it take to bake the muffins ? 
would you by it for a 5 year old 
is there a problem with the cupcake bottoms getting too brown and the tops not browning ? 
would this bake evenly for grain-free cupcakes ? 
is this recommended for a five year old 
does it work with box mixes or only with homemade recipes ? 
when this appliance came first shippped ... did the plug have a plastic cover on it and also was the cord tightly wrapped with a twist tie ? 
can you use cupcake paper liners ? 
will it make cornbread muffins ? 
does it come with a decorating bag or cupcake tins . what all does it come with ? 
what size cupcake that machine do ? 
i have another question your recepie says 3 4 softened butterm 3 4 what tablespoon , cup ? pound ? , thank you for clarifyig 
will any recipie work is this cupcake maker . if so should it only bake from 5 to 6 minutes also , or the ususal baking time ? 
its a standard cupcake size ? ? or mini cupcake ? 
does the machine have a strong chemical smell because of the nonstick coating when you first use it ? 
could i make brownies with it ? 
can you use one side at a time ? 
how many eggs will this hold ? 
does a light come on when the omelet is done 
this is 120v or 240 ? 
is it 110v and 220v ac 
does this have an auto shut off 
does anyone know the difference between the sylvania model and this one ? the sylvania is about half the price . 
is this pan electric 
are these sold a singles ? 
what is the size of this ring ? how tall and inside diameter ? thanks 
is the price $ 2.24+ $ 3.00 for each ring . ( not a set of 4or anything ) is the shipping $ 3.00 per ring ? ( would that be $ 20.96 for 4 rings ? ) 
how far is the top of the bottom shelf off the ground ? i want it to be able to slide underneath a couch that is only 2 1 2 inches off the floor 
are these stackable ? 
howhat is the ditance from the floor to the bottom of the top shelf so i know if it will fit over my couch ? 
what do you know about the coaster home furnishing 901007 rectangular snack table ? 
weird question : does this table disassemble easily ? i want to use it at a company tradeshow , and it needs to be shipped back and forth . thanks 4 help ! 
what is it made of ? 
what is it made of ? 
do i need any special tools or physical strength to assemble this snack table ? 
can i stack 2 laptops on it ? 
is it really only 24 '' tall ? 
what is lenth of one side of triangle ? 
is this cabinet strictly for light weight novelty items or will it hold a complete full set of dishes ? ( 12 @ plates , saucers , cups , bowls , etc . ) ? 
i would like to know the height of this cabinet 
will wine bottles fit in it laying down ? 
can you use it as a bookcase ? ? will it fit my books ? 
what wood is the curio made from ? 
does it light up ? 
can this be used for media players , such as cable box , dvd players ? 
how many inches long are each the three sides ? 
what is this cabinet made out of ... wood or pressed wood ? 
is this a sturdy table i am looking to put a small aquarium on it so just over 100 lbs . ? 
what is it made of ? 
is this table sturdy . i have a 20 gallon aquarium not filled with water though it has tortoises in it . would it support the weight . aprox 30 to 35 lbs ? 
what are the measurements for this entry table ? 
do you assemble this ? ? reviews say you do , the ad says no assembly ? 
is this sturdy enough to hold a 36 '' tv . also what is the measurements of the shelf . can you put a dvds player cable box etc . 
no instructions came with this order . do you have any ? 
what is the distance between the shelves ( top to middle , middle to bottom ) ? ? 
i wanted to buy this but i 'm not sure about the color ? is this dark brown too like espresso ? ? 
my mailing address is po box do you send to to po box ? 
how much weight can the case withstand ? 
how deep are the shelves ? thank you . 
how about the height ( how tall ) is the space on each shelf ? ( 15 '' wide 16 '' depth ___ '' height ? ) 
are the shelves removable and or are the shelves adjustable ? 
is there a back to the shelves , or see-through ? in other words , when i swivel will i see cork board , open shelf , mirror , open shelf ? 
what is it made out of ? ... wood ? particle board ? plywood ? 
i want this for my daughter 's room . however , while she is young i would like to detach the swivel . is this possible ? 
when the cabinet is diagonal from the base , what are the dimensions ? in other words , how far out does it have to be from the wall in order to swivel ? 
does it have a mirror on one side 
do you have to put it together ? 
how big are the snowflakes individually ? 
can i use this for jello mold ? 
do you know what temp these are safe up to when using in the oven ? 
is personalization included ? 
are the hoops metal or plastic 
can this barrel be used for tequila 
what are its dimensions ( in inches please ) ? 
does this need to be cured before used for aging liquors ? 
does it come with the wooden stand shown in the picture ? 
what is the char level ? 
demensions of rug ? 
what size is rug and contour rug in set ? 
what size is the rug ? 
dishwasher safe ? 
is the cover removable ? 
is the outside cover made in usa or cover and mug both made in usa 
what is the voltage ? 
what material is the table made of ? does it plug into an american outlet ? 
konichiwa ... do the table legs fold for easy storage ? arigato 
how tall is the table ? 
what does this product include ? just the table or table and heater ? 
can this kotatsu table apply to usa electric system ? 
what voltage does this table use ? 
does the voltage meet american standard ? and how much is the shipping ? 
does the table top lift up for futon or do i have to buy a table top ? 
is the heater included in this order ? 
the description says the bookcase is a folding style -- does it fold flat for easy storage when not in use ? 
how deep is the top shelf ? 
how deep is the bottom shelf ? 
waiting for answer on how high from the bottom is the second shelf ? 
do these require batteries ? 
is the clear window made of glass or acrylic ? 
question for the manufacturer : does this model dispense more salt pepper than the epspm002 model ? since it looks like more travel per pump ? 
i ordered the set but only got one . 
are these mills not made of a solid stainless steel tube , from the picture it looks like there 's plastic or acrylic or something ? 
hello . i recently purchased an epare salt pepper mill ( model # epspm001 ) and noticed that one of the grinders is not straight ! ? ! ? ! the metal or glass 
is the grind size adjustable ? 
is there any way to mount this unit to a wall instead of in a cupboard or on a counter ? 
what in the box ? 
what are the width and depth dimmensions of the largest spice rack , and will it hold up as well as the others ? 
will this spice rack hold the square bottles of organic spices ? 
can you mount it under a cabinet ? 
if placed in cabinet above microwave that extends out 2 '' from cabinet , would bottom rack work properly ? 
my spice cabinet is not large enough to accomodate this organizer . has anyone tried just sitting it on the counter ? 
will this hold penzey 's 1 2 cup glass jars ? 
could this be used on a counter rather than in a cabinet . could the lowest drawer be pulled straight out or do the drawers have to come out slanted 
does thiw rack have to be inside a cabinet or can it stand by itself on a counter ? 
other than the shape , what is the difference between the 590 and the 790. also , what does 1.0 vs 3.0 mean ? 
ware i can find replenishment kit for lg ? 
does this model have a feature for wet-mopping floors ? 
does anyone know if lg hombot interferes with z-wave network or runs on 900 megahertz frequency ? i need to replace my roomba for this reason , which roomba confirmed they are incompatible with my smart home system . 
is the unit 110-220v compatible ? 
can you select a different language ( guidance voice ) ? 
we have two floors - will it understand there are two different maps it needs to learn ? 
do you offer international shipping to `` kuwait international airport '' ? 
where can you buy replacement filters 
where could i buy the lg replacement parts , mainly the small brush , roller brush and the filter ? 
the negative reviews on this are confusing ... .will this open 2-liter , 1-liter , and the 16.9 oz half-liter plastic bottles ? thanks . 
magic opener - extreme magic opener - can this open a powerade cap , it is 1.5 inches across , so the would need to go over the 1.5 inch across cap 
will this open a boost drink bottle ? 
i see that it opens water bottles well but how well does it the can opener part work ( soup cans ) and how easy is it for an elderly person ? 
i got mine , its very nice . but my question is this , is it ok to use a screwdriver to take it apart ? becausethere 's something rattling inside it . 
how can i buy the 3 interchangeable metal plates ( sizes : xs - m - l ) that cover most sizes of bottles that are not standard ? they are not offered . 
will this open a 2 liter bottle of diet coke and diet mt dew ? 
how does this differ from the non `` extreme '' , or is there only one ? i see some sites calling it `` extreme magic opener '' and others calling it `` magic opener '' . are there two versions or only one ? thanks . 
does it work on pull-out plugs in juice & amp ; milk cartons ? 
does tray have a bottom ? is it an enclosed box ? 
what is the length of the whole box ? 
does this product have a bottom any case items leak ? 
how much does each compartment hold ? 
is this an insulated container ( you advertise filling it with yoghurt , a perishable food ) ? 
are the lids # 4 plastic ? 
would milk leak out ? or like a thin sauce like soy sauce or salad dressing ? leaking is my main question 
are the lids plastic or stainless steel ? i do n't want any plastic touching my food . 
would this product keep my kids food hot for about 4 hours till they get lunch ... ? 
is this made in usa ? 
does room temperature affect what u have blanket setting on ? 
how hot does the blanket get ? 
should any additional material be placed over over the heated blanket ? 
does it work with 220v electricity ? 
are the cords polarized ( two-pronged ) or three ? thanks ! 
does the right left side heat independently ? 
does this can be used overseas with 220 voltage ? i live in australia ... . 
are controls wireless ? 
how much weight does this chair hold ? 
what is the seat height ? ( distance from floor to the sitting part of the chair ) 
what is the seat height ? 
can this be used as a sleeping bag in a tent on campouts ? 
we have a cheap futon whose bars compromise comfort while laying on it . would you guess that the support on this topper would be enough to help ? 
does anyone know the density of this foam topper ? 
just received the foam topper . do i place it under the mattress cover or on top of it ? thought the mattress cover might depress it too much . 
does this smell bad upon opening ? ive read reviews from other mattress toppers that say they smell atrocious when first opened . 
what are the dimensions of the twin size aka width and length ? 
what are the demensions ? will it work with a roll away bed ? 
do you sweat on this ? 
i weigh 114 and my tempurpedic bed is too firm for me . anyone lightweight who likes this topper ? 
i have the prime plan at amazon , but why is this item not included in the free shipping ? 
one query -- & gt ; is it ok for three adults ? 
how flimsy is the polyester cover . would i need to get a futon cover for these ? i was thinking about dying the cover 
is a cover provided for the folded mattress to keep it folded while in transit ? 
what sized adult can comfortably sleep on this bed ? 
what size is the mat ? 
does anyone know the density or the foam ? 
do you have a similar trifold in full size ? i would like a fairly firm , thick foam . 
if we kept it in the folded state , would it comfortably support a very large dog ? looking to provide a sleeping surface to prevent skeletal pain . 
is the cover provided in any other dark colors ? ? 
can this mattres be placed by a wall having two sections on the floor and one against the wall ? i want to use it to make a sit lounge area by the wall 
why is this topper eligible for amazon prime but it says it ships in 12-13 weeks ? i 'm confused as to when i should expect it if i make the purchase . 
what is the density of the foam ? 
i bought this for the karlstad ikea sofa bed . when i fold it into the sofa it slants forward and does not close before ; is there any way to fix this ? 
is a protector cover necessary ? 
i am not sure what size to buy because the full is 2 '' smaller in width and 3 '' smaller in length , if thats not ok would it be ok to cut the queen size ? 
would this make a soft mattress uncomfortable ? ... 
does it come with a cover ? 
i am looking to soften a firm memory foam mattress , would this help ? 
could this beused on a sofa bed ? as in , could we fold it up into the couch with the sofa mattress and have it still poof up ok after ? 
is it firm and supportive enough to stand alone , and could it be rolled up and then thrown into car for use on a camping excursion ? 
what are the measurments of this blanket 
do you by chance have the matching shams with this ? 
can you please specify the measurements of both queen and king blanket need to know for the size of my bed before i order it . thank you . 
how thick is the blanket ? is it about 1 inch ? thank you . 
what are the measurments ? 
can you stack these two high ? 
is this metal ? 
is this suitable for the nescafe dolce-gusto pods ? how many can it hold ? 
will this hold the weight of the new keurig 2.0 k550 ? 
can any of these types of storage drawers accommodate the new k carafes ? 
can this be used for tassimo t-pods ? 
can you put a regular coffee maker on this ? 
does it come with the coffee pods stocked or do you buy them seperate 
are these stackable ? 
what are the dimensions and the height ? 
is this fit the new keurig 2.0 brewers ? thank you . 
does it work with the bunn my cafe single serve brewer ? 
will the k75 platinum fit on this storage drawer ? 
is there a picture , dimensions and price for the tassimo tray ? 
does anybody have this on a counter wiht a keurig on it with standard cupboards ? seems too tall to let open the keurig and load the cups . 
will the reusable ( keurig compatible ) cafe cups fit in the drawers ? i like to keep a few of them preloaded with flavors that do n't come in the pods . 
anyone knows the dimensions of this unit ? thanks ! 
is the drawer divider removable ? 
do i have to drill into my plates to use these ? how do they keep the plates in place . i do n't understand the screw piece ? thanks 
what is the size of the screw ? it looks to be about 6mm . is that correct ? 
is there a shipping discount for multiple items ? 
induction suitable ? 
1. do the lids have vent holes ? 2. do the lids also fit the 2 fry pans ? 
is it worth the time and money ? 
can it be used on glass top electric stoves ? 
are the lids and handles oven proof ? will they melt if i put a pan with the lid in the oven ? 
are there holes in the handles in the case that i want to hang them ? 
do the lids also fit the skillets ? 
are these safe for glass top stoves ? 
what size are all of the skillets ? 
guy fieri dutch oven + microwave safe ? 
what is the size of the twin and queen 
what is diferent mesements king & amp ; qween ? 
is the background color pure white and not cream ? 
does this have any red it it ? 
is there any yellow in this quilt ? i have pale yellow walls in my room 
how wide is the actual dome , not the plate ? 
what is this product made out of ? 
what is the thickness of the glass cover ? 
is the dome tall enough to safely cover a layer cake ? 
how much is the cover height ? 
when using this as a cakestand , does the base that elevates the cake a bit just `` sit '' under the plate or is it secured somehow ? could it slide off ? 
do reusable straws fit in the opening or just disposable ones ? 
could this be used to help pour from a mason jar or is it just for sipping ? 
can you use it like a sippy cup , or do does it only work with a straw ? is it leak-proof if you tip it up to drink from it ? 
how many do you get in a pack ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
will this work with glass dharma straws ? the 9.5mm 9 inch ones ? 
i just got this and it does not fit . i ordered regular but the one i got seems too big . help ! also the quest below says it 's a pack of 2 ? ? ? 
is this a pack of 2 ? 
my question is what bands to use because the ball jar bands rust easily ? 
is this made of firm plastic , or is it a softer , more flexible plastic ? ( i am trying to compare it with the ball version . ) 
would this fit on a quart size mason jar ? 
is this a two-pack ? 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
what 's the difference between regular cuppow lids and the straw text ones ? both seem to have a diamond shaped opening . 
does this stain easily ? i am looking to use with natural fruit veggie juices . 
is there some way to close it , or will it spill out the drinking hole if it tips over ? 
does this come with the metal screw ring ? 
does it have two opening ? one for a straw and one for sipping ? i worry about spillage since i would haul mine around in a bag as well 
can you use the flat metal lid for mason jars under this drinking lid for no leakage when traveling ? 
what are the total dimensions for the product ? 
where can you get replacement blades ? 
how big a potato can you cut ? 
can it be rolled for storage ? if so , how tight a diameter ? also , if so , is it hard to flatten back out after being rolled for a few days ? 
could i use metal and or plastic cookie cutters to cut out cookie dough on this mat ? 
im interested in getting one but am living out of the us . need to know the size of your packaging and weight so i could estimate shipping cost . 
does this mat have any bad odor ? 
where is this mat that will be used for food products manufactured ? ? ? 
can you cut pastry on it ? for example , if i want to make crackers , could i cut the dough on the mat after rolling it out ? 
how does it work ? 
where how do i get replacement fans blades 
can it be used without water ? 
how much water er hour does it use and what is the pressure required for misting to be a fine mist . 
what is the warranty 
what is the max weight capacity ? 
is there anyway to make this scale waterproof ? 
it can use for 110v ? 
under `` product details '' it says the dimensions are 17 x 14 x 11 '' . that ca n't possibly be true . what are the real dimensions ? 
do i have to callibrate it with a certain size weight before use ? also will this work like a pocket scale for specific amounts of coffee ? 
can you turn off disable the auto off feature ? 
any issues with the timer ? how does it work ? 
when will the new stainless steel model be available ? 
the pictures show metric mesurement in gram . could it also show the lbs and oz values ? 
dear sir madame , i want a new and made in japan scale , where i can buy it ? please , tell me . thank a lot . 
my shower is attached to the bathtub , no wall behind it . would this work ? 
what are the dimensions of the individual baskets ? 
soap holder 
does each basket adjust individually or do you have to adjust all 4 baskets together ? 
how strong is the swivel lock collar ? must there be more or less equal weight on both sides to keep it from tilting ? 
anyone have problems fitting this around the hot cold water knobs ? are the shelves adjustable at all to make that fit ? thanks ! 
what are the dimensions of the individual baskets ? 
does the caddy use suction cups , if not how does it stay secure ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
will this caddy work with a standing-only ( not hand held ) shower head ? 
there is a plastic part inside the sprout which hold the mesh filter . has anyone tried removing that piece of plastic completely ? 
are there any plastic parts that come in contact with the tea water , or does water only touch stainless steel ? 
is this kettle lined with stainless steel or plastic ? 
does this unit have automatic shut-off ? 
where is cuisinart made 
does the handle get in the way when filling this kettle ? ( i like to fill mine from the water dispenser on my refrigerator . ) 
can the base of this kettle be placed , say , on top of a microwave , or would the bottom be a danger of burning anything underneath it ? 
does the kettle remove from the heating base for filling or are the two integrated ? 
does this kettle have a 2 or 3 prong plug ? 
given design of this kettle , does steam from the lid burn your hand when you pour water out ? current kettle is 'vertical ' so that does n't happen . tks ! 
how many parts have to be cleaned 
can this juicer make grape juice from concord grapes ? ( they have hard little seeds ) 
can i juice whole apples without slicing them ( one at a time ) ? 
how many watts is this machine ? i do n't see this info anywhere and most appliances have it posted clearly . 
how can i easily remove the mesh filter basket ? seems like i need a tool or `` technique '' . it 's very hard for me to pull out . 
how well does it do with carrots ? 
can you juice raw beets or need to cook or par-cook first ? i wondered if it would jam break machine cuz they 're pretty hard & amp ; i never had one before . 
how wide is the feed tube ( diameter ) ? 
is the juice - pulp free ? 
whats the voltage on this ? i live in germany , so will i have to use a transformer ? 
is it good for larger slices of bread 
is cord supposed to come out the front ? ? i find this to be a very odd design . the cord comes out of the bottom , but on the front end of the toaster . 
does the cord come out the back or front of the toaster , and how long is the cord ? 
how many watts ? 
is it a cool-side toaster ? 
does it toast evenly on both sides ? 
on the bagel setting , does it toast only on one side ? some toasters advertise this feature . 
why did you choose this ? 
what 's the best setting for english muffins ? when i toast them on an ordinary setting , they 're underdone , even if i set the dial for maximum darkness . 
wide slots for bagels ? 
when toasting larger quanitys of bread ( like for a family breakfast ) are the results consistent first slice to last . thanks for your help ... ... ..paul 
does the cord exit at the back of the toaster , or the front ? 
are the bdots opposite the ntoaster selection suppose to light up ? 
does this toaster beep ? 
does the outside of the toaster stay relatively cool ? 
do the numbered settings on the dial 'tick down ' to zero after you press down the lever ? or will the numerical setting stay set after each toasting ? 
are the dots opposite the toaster selections suppose to light up ? mine do not 
does bagel function only toast the inside of the bagel , also when not using bagel function does bread toast properly ? 
what is the chemical emitted that causes the `` burning plastic '' smell from this toaster ? 
what are the demensions , length , width , height ? ? 
i realize it would be best to handwash these , but are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these ceramic ? 
can you sharpen these with knife sharpener and not have the color scrape off or do they never need sharpening ? for those who have had them for awhile - has the paint scratched on the knives since you 've had them . thank you for any help . 
does anyone know if these would be good for a beginner prep cook ? : ) 
can you sharpen them 
how is the taste for red wine ? 
how much do they hold 
how much do the glasses hold ? 
is this 2 complete wine glasses in this sale ? 
how tall are these ? 
are these engravable ? 
will it hold a 50inch lcd tv ? 
will it hold a 70 '' tv ? 
are there any 'feet ' to this ? or does it rest solid to the floor ? if it does n't have feet , is it solid enough on corners of all the pieces to add ? 
can you hang it on the wall to make it a floating tv stand ? 
how dark is the brown of this piece ? more coffee or closer to black ? 
how many dvds do the drawers hold ? 
will this be able to support an 80 inch tv ? 
my furniture is more of a black brown . i am afraid that this color is a lighter brown and will not go with the rest of decor . please advise on color 
whats the height and the width and the length ? 
specifications ? in inches ? 
how do you open the cap ? do they come off completely or stay clipped on when you open it ? 
maybe i missed it , but how many ounces ? 
does anyone know how wide ( circumference ) they are ? 
can someone tell me how wide those bottles are ( diameter ) ? thank you . 
where are the bottles made ? 
is there any table stand for these bottles ? 
how high it is ? 
where are they made ? 
can you wash them in the dishwasher ? 
do you have to hold the spigot open while pouring ? 
length and width of serving tray 
what is the height ? where were the trays made ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are measurements on this product ? 
this shows that there are 8 birdhouses and keys , are they all separate , or are they all connected on a base ? ? ? just wondering cause if individual it would be fun to give to family members as a gift . 
how long it takes to deliver in the u.s. ? 
what does the set includes ? 
how far back does this chair recline ? 
i believe it ships in two boxes , how hard is it to put together ? what tools would i need ? thanks 
does this chair also have a rocking motion ? 
how well would a mousepad work with the armrest ? is it long enough before you get to the cupholder to still operate a mouse comfortably ? 
would you recommend leaving the chair plugged in to the electricity or is it better to unplug it when you 're not using it ? 
can you have heat and no massage ? and is it large enough for 230lb person , thanks 
can you have back up in sitting position , at same time , as having up feet up . if my feet dangle they swell up . 
how close to the wall can you put this and still be able to recline it fully ? 
i 'm 6'5 '' , will i fit in this chair ? 
this chair increased $ 100.00 overnight . would you still have bought this chair at $ 100.00 more ? 
what is the point of the led lights ? 
how much weight is it designed to hold ? what is the frame made of & gt ; what kind of wood is used in the frame ? is it plywood ? 
is it all leather or a mixture of fabrics 
how far back does this chair recline ? 
does the massaging mechanism make it uncomfortable to sit on when massaging not in use ? 
is this chair available in red ? 
what kind of massage does this recliner offer ? rolling , vibration . ? 
how does it arrive ? do you have to assemble ? carry it in the house yourself ? 
do the arms have storage space ? 
our new 2 poweer recliners blew a circut breaker shared with laptop , lamp , tv ! anyone else had this problem ? 
the operation manual was throw out by mistake how do i get another one , it keep giving me an f1 error 
how many watts is it 
it does not heat up . is there something i do n't know ? 
does it have auto shut-off ? 
color 
is this compatible with an induction stove top ? 
what is the non-stick coating on this product ? 
where is it made ? 
anybody find any lids that fit these pans ? 
has anyone used this pan in the oven at say 325 350 degrees for baking or braising for more than 30 minutes ? and if so , how did the pan hold up ? 
according to instructions only 15 minutes @ 400 degrees what about @ 350 or 325 for doing a pineapple up side down cake ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can this pan be used on a glass cooktop surface ? also , what is the maximum heat it can take in an oven ? thank you 
what 's the size of this fry pan ? 
what is the width of the pan bottom ? 
where is it made ? 
is the bottom of the pan flat ? i have read comments where it is warped and as i have a glasstop electric , i need a pan that is completely flat . 
what is the difference between the 12 inch tri-ply prima pan and the domas pan ? 
is this the pan that america 's test kitchen reviewed ? 
is the base 12 inches or the lip ? 
is this pan made in brazil or china ? 
where to buy a lid for this pan ? what size ? 
does it work on induction cooktops ? 
one buyer complained that this product is `` sticky . '' has anyone else had this sort of problem ? 
i do n't expect this to be completely non-stick , but how does this pan do on omelets and scrambled eggs ? 
is this america 's test kitchen modell number 1767730 ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
is it bagless ? 
what is the difference between the lime green an the orange canister vacuum ? 
model # 
8 months later , the on and off switch does n't work . i have to plug it to the outlet to work and unplug it to stop . what could be wrong ? 
what kind of bags and or filter does this require ? 
is it bagless ? 
how many amps does it have ? 
does it have a red green indicator light when cleaning ? 
does it work well on floors or just carpets ? i know i 'd need the other attachment for floors , which i have from my last kenmore that just died after many years ! 
does the vacuum come with a attachment for bare floors ? 
how long has the pan remained non-stick ? does it lose effectiveness over time ? 
where is this pan made ? 
i just got the pan and noticed that the advertised ptfe free is not on the product specs that came along with the package . thoughts ? 
are these fry pans deeper than normal ? from the pictures they look like a saute pan or stir fry 
the title says it is a 12 '' pan but the product description says it is an 8-in fry pan , which is it ? 
can you purchase a lid for this pan ? 
do these feel like silk ? do they start to pill after a few washes ? 
are they single or double ply cotton thread ? 
are these sheets considered `` irregular '' - ones you 'd find in an outlet ? 
how wide does it measures in inches . the normal is 20 '' but my pillow is so thick and fluffy that 20 '' does not allow it to spread out much . 
where it was made 
what is the size of the queen flat sheet ? 
how bad do they wrinkle ? or are they wrinkle resistant ? 
are these single ply or 2 ply ? 
is it 100 % cotton 
is there an adjustment for strengh of the coffee 
how can you brew from one k-cup for 3 sizes of cups and have it taste the same ? 
do you have to use k-cup portion packs only or can you use other brands ? 
can i brew tea with this machine ? 
is there a water filter for this coffee maker 
can the elite brewing system use all kinds of k cups ... i do n't want the 2.9 for that reason 
if you choose the 10 0z size , how do you adjust the coffee volume to keep the strength standard ? does this require extra pods or your own coffee ? 
can it use a water filter 
does it come with a kcup to brew your own coffee in 
is there a temperature setting ? if not , what is it set at 
could someone weigh one of these mugs and post it please ? we are looking for lightweight mugs for daily use . 
is there any writing on the bottom of these mugs or a raised surface of some kind ? i want to put a picture on the bottom of them . 
do they have a matte finish or are they shiny ? 
i 'm looking for mugs that keep your coffee hot for a long time . do these fit the bill ? 
how tall are these mugs and how many ounces of liquid do they hold ? 
are they the right size for a kruig coffee maker ? 
do these get hot in the microwave to the point you ca n't even pick them up ? 
is the surface okay for transferring an inkjet decal onto ? 
is the mug oven safe ? i want to buy it for craft purpose , but i need to bake the mug . 
does this grinder have plastic or metal gears ? 
how much horsepower is the motor 
what is the manufacturers warrantee on this grinder ? 
where can i buy foam or mattress in size 34 '' x 72 '' ? 
does it seperate completely away from the day bed as in 2 seperate beds ? 
does the trundle lift up to meet the daybed 
how high of a mattress will fit on the trundle with this daybed trundle combo ? 
will this trundle fit with the asia day bed ? 
is there any assembly required for the trundle ? 
is this a universal trundle ? can it be used with any twin bed frame ? 
is this a daybed and trundle for the one price or is it only the trundle ? i 'm confused 
does it come with mattresses 
how much weight it can stand ? is that also good for adult + twin mattress 's weight ? 
can you tell me how many inches of clearance from the floor to the bottom of the bed ? 
what size mattress is needed for this bed ? 
does it have a spring base for the mattress or metal slats ? 
what is the distance from the floor to the mattress support frame ? 
is the weight limit really 175 pounds ? can an adult male sleep on it ? 
being a metal bed , does it squeak or creak when you get in and out ? the last metal bed our son had woke him up everytime he got in and out . 
does the trundle pop up ? 
does the mattress come with the frame ? 
does this day bed come with the mattress ? 
what is this made of ? 
can the slide be put on either side ? 
is this bed too small for a 9 year old ? 
how far out to the side does the slide go ? how much floor space will it take up ? 
can i put a bed under neath it 
will this hold an 8inch deep mattress ? 
is it an option to take the slide off or does it have to have the slide on it ? 
does this item come with curtain like the picture 
it is cute 
how tall is the clearance under the bed ? 
can anyone point me towards the instruction manual ? the website is telling me `` not found '' and it did not ship with instructions . 
has anyone used this with an 8 inch mattress ? will the guard rail be tall enough for my 3 year old to not roll over ? 
does this come with the curtain set ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
what size twin matress does this bed take ? 
is 2 years old too young for this bed ? ? ? ? 
how long is the slide ? 
what is the support for the mattress ? is it metal , like the squares you see on others , or ? and if it is wood do you find it supported enough ? 
can the slide be removed and the bed still used ? 
can i fit a twin matress in the bottom part 
is this suppose to come with an instruction manual ? ( i did not get one with mine ) 
is it labelled as 8 cup rice cooker or 16 cup rice cooker ? 
does this have separate settings for white and brown rice ? 
does the inner lid removable ? 
does the oven come with the rotisserie forks . are there any trays with the oven . 
does the top have its own controls ? could you stream rice on top ? 
how tall is this with the grill lid on ? i need to fit this in a fairly small space . 
does this oven run hot or cold ? my current oven must be set to 425 on the dial to get it to heat to 350 ( per 2 oven thermometers ) . 
a review on another site said it would not hold a 12 '' pizza ? `` ( interior dimensions of 11.75 '' x 8.75 '' x 12 '' ) '' 
is this oven big enough to cook a turkey ? 
would you repurchase this item or reccomend it to a friend ? how long has did it last ? 
does a 13x9 pan fit in oven 
does this come with racks inside ? 
any chance this comes with 2 racks ? 
can mr lid go in the freezer 
how durable are the hinge points ? they look like they can break off after extended use . 
i want to know why they charged me 45.00 plus 15.00 for shipping when one was suppose to be free it was buy one for 10.00 get a second one free ive if 
bpa approved ? 
you were suposed to get the set for 10.00 and one set free , but on the computer their 20.00 and no free one . what up ? ? ? ? ? 
is this set the same as mr lid 54264 ? 
how do you justify this price when you can get a 20 piece from the mr. lid web site for $ 10 plus s & amp ; h ? just wondering ... 
what is the size breakdown ? 
can it be washed in a dishwasher & gt ; 
are they bpa feree 
i contacted the egyptian consulate they never heard of egyptian microfiber , does anyone , grows on a tree ? thanks 
is the queen top sheet really 90x102 ? i 've sent two sets ( different brand ) back because they were much smaller than advertised . 
my son purchased a purasleep serenity cool gel 10 '' memory-foam mattress , will the queen fitted sheet fit this mattress ? it is a 60 x 80 x 10 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all around ? 
does this come in twin size but extra long ? 
do they keep you cool at night ? i live in a hot year round climate 
what is the weight of package ? ! 
it does n't say microfiber in the description , but is that what these are ? 
i would like to purchase four additional king size pillow cases to go with my previous purchase of these sheets . 
how do these hold up against urine ? 
does this canister set have seals ? 
it the flower a red or more burgundy ? i have burgundy dinnerware and wanted something to match . 
what 's the capacity on each ? for example , how much flour will the largest one hold ? 
where is this made , listing only says imported . 
sorry , if this has been asked already but can you lean on this desk ? i 'm worried that if i lean on it ( like w my elbows ) the weight might pull it down 
does the writing portion fold up or does the desk always stick out ? 
does it have some voids or empty panels on the back or inside to run power wires for your computer of lamp ? 
is it more brown or black color if it is in espresso color 
does this thing have enough leg space ? picture looks like my legs might get cramped because i like to scoot in close to monitor . 
is the color dark expresso ? 
does the workdesk fold up when not in use ? or is there a way to modify the work shelf to fold up when not using for homework and such ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
what is the measurement between the table ( working area ) and the bottom of the desk ? need to know low to mount the tv above . 
hello - we live in a rental apartment . we may move to a different apartment soon . would like to get this now & amp ; when we move will this leave damage on the wall ? 
what are measurements ? 
it says max weight 100 lbs . the desk alone weighs 60 , so does that mean i am allowed to put only 40 lbs of weight on it ? 
lenght ? 
does it need to be mounted into studs 
excuse my ignorance , but does mounting this requires putting holes in the wall ? 
what are the measurements of the shelves ? height , width , and depth ? 
is this wood and what colors does it come in ? 
is this wood or particle board ? 
my apt . has metal studs not wood and the instructions say not to use wall achors , so is there any way for me to install ths desk ? 
do the side shelves come pre- assembled . i am wondering if i could put a tower on one side . 
my couch is 114 inch will the cover fit it ? 
you need a video to put these things on ? i just got mine and i ca n't put it on , no instructions , inside cover has a run . so far this thing sucks ! 
my arm chair 's back is 24 '' high do they fit my chair ? 
will they work on reclining sofa and recliner ? 
what size couch does it fit my couch is 78 '' 
i cant figure out how to get this on my couch . i see the ties on the inside . where are those to go ? the front or back ? 
is this a comfortable table to eat at or is it more for drinking at ? 
what color is the fabric ? i ca n't tell if it is goldish or tanish . 
does this set come in regular height ? i do n't want counter height . 
this table height would n't be good for a 93 year old to eat at , would it ? i do n't know if i want my plate to be bar height . 
this table height would n't be good for a 93 year old to eat at , would it ? i do n't know if i want my plate to be bar height . 
how tall is the table ? one person said 36 '' high and one said 38 : high . which is it ? is this comfortable for everyday eating ? 
is the table really 48 ' across the table ? the picture does not look like it is really that big ? 
does this table come with an extention leaf ? 
do you have the cordenz buffet server that is shown in the picture as well ? 
i need the dimensions . 54 '' wide or 48 ? what 's the height ? how heavy are the chairs ? 
how do you keep the meat from sticking to the top part ? mine keep doing that and falling apart . 
what is the diameter of the finished patty ? i hate it when the hamburger patties are way smaller than the buns . thanks . 
i bought this burger press . it indicates on the top piece that it you should turn the top to lock it , but mine does n't lock if you turn the top ? ? ? 
what is the true inside diameter of the top clear plastic press part . after reading all the questions , there are all different . thanks . 
how do you know the amount of meat each time you want to make a burger . there are no marks to judge amounts . 
whats the diameter of the burgers after you press them ? ( im curious if they are the same diameter of a standard burger bun ... leaving them to shrink after grilling ... big deal breaker for me . thanks 
what is the temperature range of the thermometer 
can you use to monitor the weber grill temp ? 
can i use this as a regular kitchen thermometer ( e.g . for baking , stovetop cooking ) ? is there some property that makes it a grill-only thermometer ? 
will this work as a candy thermometer ? 
1 ) most importantly , how long does it take to get a read ? 2 ) what battery does it take does anyone know how difficult it is to change the batt ? 
can i keep the thermometer in the meat while i am grilling it ? 
will this work for a cheesecake ? 
what is the diameter of the probe ? 
does it work well on checking the temperatures of bread ? 
how deep do you push in the probe 
what size polyester tablecloth should i purchase , if i want the fabric to hit the ground ? 108 '' round ? 
how does it fold - slide from under the seat ? i wish i could see a pic of it folded . 
how tall are these tables and why do n't you list that in description ? 
is the top of the table textured or is it smooth ? 
i 'd like to put our outdoor umbrella with a flat iron base in the middle of this table . is there any way to cut a hole in the middle of the tabletop without damage so we can use it with our umbrella ? 
what is the maximum weight or mass that the table can support ? 
would it be possible to put the 24 inch table top on the legs of this table ? we need a bar height table for our balcony , but this table top is too big 
how fast can this table be set up ? 
has anyone tried the la linen cocktail spandex for these tables ? someone mention without the table locks the spandex will force the table to shut ... . 
how tall is this table ? 
does it require distilled water ? 
does this steamer come with the crease attachment ? 
what attachments come with this unit ? 
does the handle and hose get super hot ? and how stable is the base , does it tip easily ? 
does it work for 220v ? 
does it have a crease attachment ? 
does the manufacturer 's warranty cover uk ? 
does the rowen focus have adjusing steam 
i found each time after using the steamer , always some water in the area that hold water reservoir , is this normal ? 
is purchasing the steamer with the roll and press worth the extra cost compared to the one without the roll and press support ? 
at what point in the order process do i say what i want on it ? 
can you order engraving on both sides of the flask or just one ? 
what type of font looks best how do i recommend one to them , i forgot to say one in the first email did anyone else not say a font ? 
does this come in a box with a funnel ? 
what is the email address that you use to correspond with this company ? 
how soon do they arrive with engraving ? 
i want a custom engraved flask that reads the first name of the my groomsmen , my wedding and groomsmen . are there additional charges for engraving 
if i wan 3 of these engraved can i have them by saturday 16 my wedding is sunday 3-17-13 
we would just want the name roro on it , would that work with no picture ? 
do these flasks come with funnels ? and i want to get these for groomsmen any ideas ? could you email me ideas of designs ? chappell_josh @ hotmail.com 
what is the difference between debbie meyer green bags , boxes and lite boxes in how they work ? which works best at keeping food fresher and longer ? this question is very important to me because of small income . as many answers as possible would ... 
how do you know it 's safe to freeze in these containers 
what kinds of food can be stored in boxes ? 
are they freezer safe ? 
can anyone tell me if these work about the same as the green bags , better than the green bags , or not as well ? thanks ! 
can you freeze food in these containers 
do you know if this would keep shredded cheese fresh longer ? 
can you store more than just produce & amp ; baked goods in these ? like leftovers ? 
are the green boxes bpa free ? 
are the green boxes freezer safe ? 
how big is the opening that holds the bed post ? 
will this acomodate the base of my bed legs that are 3 '' ? 
are these stackable to make beds even higher ? 
i plan to use these for a table i use for painting . will the table leg punch through ? 
will it work with this bed : http : www.amazon.com dp b001r5yu9o r ... 
can these be used to elevate the box spring ? 
so i bought a futon that is shorter than i expected it to be . will these help raise it ? i really dont need to raise it for storage but most for height 
how well do they work to support a king sized bed frame ? 
can you use these to raise the height of furniture 
would these fit a typical dorm room twin xl bed ? 
what size batteries ? 
can you wash the cover ? 
my pillow will not turn on do you know why 
my pillow stays lit for one round of color changing , about 2 seconds not 15 minutes , is there a way to fix this ? 
does it come in the as seen on tv box ? 
does it have a case to store all the parts ? 
cordless ? 
from the blade up to the motor what components are made of plastic ? 
what is the power wattage of this model ? where is ti made ? 
is it worth the extra $ 50 to purchase the kitchen aiud immersion blender with the added 13 '' removable arm ? 
how long is the warranty 
does any have the problem in opening the chopper ? i just newly purchased one and tried out the chopper , then i could n't open it up after . 
what are the dimensions of the storage case ? 
no body can say the power of this hand blender ? i 'm really deluded , my old electrolux 300 watts works a lot but a lot better , than this chinese crap 
how powerful is the motor ( in watts ) ? 
i have a space measuring 60 inches long . the beanbag says its 72 inches . considering its formable does anyone think it will fit in the space ? 
is it covered in plastic or cloth ? 
how high is the chair from floor to top of chair ? 
does it have a inner liner 
is the blanket heavy ? 
is it using the choice touch controller ? 
is there a preheat on the controls 
can you feel the wires ? 
what is the size measurement in inches 
how many connection are there on the bottom ? 1 or 2 ? 
what does a flashing f2 mean ? 
does each controller heat only 1 side of the blanket ? so there could be differing amounts of heat on my side vs my husband 's side ? 
are these heavy bowls or more light weight ? 
is the rubberized bottom safe to put in the oven ? it says in the description that these are good for baking ... 
picture shows 4 bowls , but description says 3 bowls , how many do you get ? 
can i use electric beaters in these bowls ? 
do these bowls nest for storage ? 
what are the sizes of these bowls ? 
say i wanted to make a hollandaise sauce ... do the silicone bottoms cause any problems when trying to do this type of cooking over simmering water ? 
are this made by excelsteel ? 
how many liters does the large bowl hold ? 
is there a 6 quart bowl ? 
does this pan actually measure 12 '' wide ( to fit into a toaster oven ) ? also , is this a metal pan for best crispy results ? 
does this have a non-stick finish ? 
is this made in france ? 
what is this made out of ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawers ? could they hold letter files ? 
does anyone have the dimensions of the entire shelf ? width , hight , depth ? ? 
i have baseboard heaters . what is the clearance beneath the drawers back legs at the back of the unit ? are the back legs flush to the wall ? 
can the top surface of the drawer hold a full size printer ( 19 lbs ) . also , what are the dimensions of this surface ? 
can i anchor it to the wall to prevent tipping ? 
amazon 's description says `` no assembly required '' ? ? is this true ? 
is this listing just for the ladder or the whole unit ? 
which vendor on amazon marketplace sends the best quality shelf ? 
what is the clearance ( if any ) between the back legs and the wall back of the unit ? and the floor to the bottom of the drawer ? 
does it go straight up ? could you put 2 side by side and look like one piece of furniture ? 
what is the qunatity shipped for $ 9.87 . . description shows tube of 48 pieces final touch fta1847 silicone bottle stopper 
are these dishwasher-safe ? 
are these hard to remove by hand once fully seated ? 
do these fit 187ml small glass bottles ? a.k.a . piccolo splits . thanks . 
does it work in pelligrino bottles ? 
what are the dimensions ? the greatest diameter is what ? 
is it stable enough ? does it topple over while hanging clothes or when there are more stuff one side vs other ? 
i want to use it in my small bedroom to hang pj 's , robes . scarves , purses does the black paint have a smell ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many hooks does this have ? 
how high are the lowest hooks ? can my 4 year old be able to hang up her jacket herself ? thanks in advance ! 
we live in florida . metal is bad in florida . has anyone seen any rusting of this product ? 
on a scale of 1-5 with 5 being like rocket science and 1 being similar to adding shredded cheese to a pizza , how difficult is it assemble and what tools are needed ? thanks ! 
can you adjust the height ? 
i need a rack like this to take camping with us to hang our wet beach towels for drying . is your coat rack sturdy of enough to use for this purpose ? 
should the washer be attached to the screw underneath the bottom legs or on top ? i put it under & amp ; it rocks a bit . 
when washing containers , can the labels be submerged in water ? 
are these label removable or are they meant to be permanently placed on the primary surface ? 
i ca n't find a pack of only 2.5 '' x 1.6 '' fancy rectangle label stickers . the bigger ones and smaller ones all come in a pack by themselves . not these ? 
will these chalkboard labels stick to fabric ( closetmaid fabric drawer ) ? 
plesae advise if the sticker or the chalk will come off when i wash the jar ? i assume the chalk will come off , so can i write on the sticker again onc 
are the stickers easily removed ? or do they leave a residue when you take them off ? 
the flour container is not ? included in the size of the containers 
the pictures when i 'm in this listing do n't match the thumbnail . what would i be purchasing here ? 
when i tried to remove one of these , i could n't remove the residue even with `` goof off '' adhesive remover . help ! my container seems to be ruined . 
will they stick to the acrylic oxo good grip containers ? 
is this customizable ? 
does this leak ? 
could you send this barrel to the netherlands ? thank you . 
is the barrel charred on the inside ? 
how well will bourbon like makers mark keep in this barrel . does it change the flavor ? i like the look but it seems like a novelty item 
can this be shipped to alberta , canada 
i 've been trying their suggested curing process for about ten days now and it is still leaking quite a bit . keep trying or is it a bad barrel ? 
on november 7th i purchased a 2 liter barrel for making vinegar . i can not get the thing to stop leaking ! help ? 
is the barrel charred on the inside ? 
is this made in the usa ? 
which picture is of the bowls you are selling ? some are all light pink and some are mixed shades of pink . 
what sizes are the 4 bowls ? 
are the lids awesomely fitting ? 
do you get 4 or 5 bowls ? 
will it work on induction cooktops ? 
can you put these in the dishwasher ? 
are these pots made in the usa ? or china ? i want usa 
have any of you considered the multi-ply set from cooks standard and tramontina ? if so , what made you choose cuisinart ? i 'm having trouble deciding ! 
is it normal to have discoloration on inside of pots ? 
can i stack the pots ? 
how heavy are these pots 
will a magnet stick to it ? 
why are mine yes-stick and black after the first use ? i have been boiling them with dish washer to see if i can remove the stains with no luck at all 
can this be used on an induction stove top 
what is the weight limit ? and they come 2 for $ 39 ? 
are they stackable ? 
is it 2 chairs ? 
i ca n't find the counter height stool in charcoal anywhere on amazon , only dark brown . how could i purchase one ? 
is the metal rail around the base a polished chrome color , or a brushed stainless ? 
how many tones of browns do you have ? the picture seems like charcoal or black . is it the dark brown ? 
what is the height of the entire chair from the floor to the top of the chair ? 
i will only be frothing for one ... what is the smallest amount of milk i can use in this ? thanks . 
is it made in switzerland , or in communist china 'with swiss design ' 
does this one item do everything it says or do you have to buy addition items for it to do all it says ? like to steam milk ? 
i do not understand how to change out the disks , it came with one in place , do i just pull it out ? 
it looks like the size of a travel mug . would it work to heat the milk , add a shot of espresso directly into it and drink from it ? 
one reviewer says frother is lined with teflon . is that true ? 
can you use almond milk with this device ? 
is it 220v 
what temperature can you get the hot chocolate if you press hot ? 
how long does it take to heat the max amount of cold milk to the `` hot '' temperature ? 
do the controls work separately ? or do you haver to turn on the main control first ? does one control heat only one side or the complete blanket 
does it have dual controls ? 
how many amps is this blanket rated for ? 
where is it made 
does the blanket slip off bed ? 
does it have digital controls ? 
are the controls wireless ? 
does it go under the person or on top ... . 
does it come in a california king size ? 
are the controllers really 20 heat settings and preheat and auto off ? 
please tells me if the blanket keeps working after months of use ? i have read reviews on other heated blankets that broke after days of use 
can this king size blanket be used on a queen size bed to ensure `00 % heat coverage ? 
washing instructions ? 
how to control the temperature on each side of the blanket 
how long is the cord from where it attaches to the end of the blanket to either of the dual controls . is there any way to extend that distance ? 
how does the auto off work ? do you set an 'off ' time or is it a pre-set time ? 
does each controller plug in separately at the bottom or is it one plug 
does this `` king '' blanket fit properly on a california king sized bed ? ? ? 
does this have satin binding 
is 100 by 90 or larger 
can this be used for wine also ? 
does it come with the stand which is showing in the picture ? 
can you use this product to age different types of liquor in a single barrel ? or will that mess up the flavor by changing the kinds of liquors ? 
we have our first barrel of wine from it . it turned out really nice ... what is needed for cleaning and storing ? we lost the instructions . 
is the hole for the spigot already there ? 
could i avoid a tainted taste to wine if i filled it just before serving ? 
the dimensions of this product are listed as 12 '' x 8 '' x 8 '' , but that would only be about 1 3 of a cubic foot , about 2 gallons . how big is it really ? 
do you do custom barrel engraving ? if so , what is the price ? 
is the color light as shown ? if so , would you recommend varnishing the outside ? 
do you advise soaking barrel in whiskey to get the aged burbon flavor for aging and flavoring beer ? 
how wide is the diameter of the bottom ? is that 12 '' as well ? 
will this fit under a small desk with a 16 '' opening 
will the wheel scratch wood surfaces and or granite ? 
how white is the chair ? pure white or is it more of an eggshell cream white shade ? 
how wide is the diameter of the bottom ( wheels ) 
could this chair be assembled without the back ? 
will the width of the wheel base fit into a spot just a little wider than 16 '' ? 
is the seat soft or does it feel like it 's stuffed with cardboard ? i returned a similar stool from amazon that felt that way . 
i 'm not sure if i want the one with or without the back . can i assemble this one without the back if preferred ? 
i 'm not sure if i will like this with the back on . do you have an option to assemble with and without the back ? 
have you ever used the inner pot to saute meat and or vegetables on a stove top before slow cooking ? 
i 've lost the small measuring cup that came with the unit . it is less than a cup per instructions . anyone know how much the cup holds ? 
has anyone used this without the condensation collector ? how important is it ? i got this cooker used , and it is condensationcollectorless . thanks ! 
does rice stick on the bottom ? thanks 
is the lid removable for day-to-day cleaning purposes or is it hinged ? 
how long does it take to cook an average amount of rice ? 
i need a product with a selected warm function ( a choice between regular and warm ) . also on that stays on and has no auto shut off . 
does the rice bowl have a teflon lining ? i am trying to get away from teflon . 
does it have a retractable cord ? 
how long `` keep warm '' function works ? i need keep some things warm for 2weeks for fermentation ... special recipe 
what is the difference between this unit and 6021-3079 ? 
what 's the difference between this item and the whitmor 6021-3539-bb ? 
i need the dimentions , i.e . height , width , etc 
what is the weight when packed and folded ? cause i need to travel with it 
can the verticle supports be pushed down low into the base , so that the rack could be used by a very young ( or short ) child ? 
can you disassemble it for storage ? 
is the height adjustable ? 
how far do the bars extend out on either side past the vertical poles ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
what is the width between the vertical bars ? 
how tall and wide at top and bottom are they ? trying to match some i have ! 
are they really blue ? picture looks more purple . 
where are these made ? 
are these tumblers dishwasher safe ? 
ask they stiff and hard , or are they bendable ? 
what are the dimensions of this organizer ? 
what are the dimensions the drawers ? 
would i be able to store items that are heavier than clothing on it ? 
is this sturdy ? 
dimensions 
are extra drawers available for purchase if you want to have four drawers instead of two in this unit ? 
how much height space does the middle shelf have ? i 'm wondering if fabric drawers would fit on it . 
about how large was the package ? 
what is the height of the middle shelf ? i am buying 11 '' drawers and need to know if they are too tall . 
could it stand up to a cat jumping onto it ? they would think it needs inspection & amp ; approval ... 
what are the diminsions 
are the shelf heights adjustable ? 
could this shelf handle pantry duty ? ( holding soup cans , sugar , coffee , etc ... ) thank you 
what are the weight specs for these shelves ? 
can this be attached to whitmor 6779-3044 double rod closet , silver ? 
is 15.5 '' depth & amp ; 19.5 '' width ? also how far away from each other in inches are the shelves ? 
can casters or wheels be added to this unit ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
can you use the very top as a shelf 
what is the weight limit on the hanging bar ? 
how many inches is the hanging bar ? 
what are the dimensions of the fabric shelves ? i am looking for cubes or baskets in which to place my husband 's workout clothes ( pants , shirts ) 
how long is it , and how wide ? 
what is the distance between the slats ? i want to use this for rain boots and they are bulky . i am concerned that the boots might not fit . 
how do you keep it from falling over in the closet ? 
what is this organizer made of ? plastic or metal ? thanks ! 
do you ship to the uk if so how much 
does that digital temp light on the front show all the time ? is there an option to shut it off ? 
does the flame appear to have movement or is it just a picture of a flame ? 
does the led control display stay lit all the time or go dark ? 
is it plug and use or does it require hard wiring ? 
what is the heigth 
for those who are using this in a real fireplace , how are you getting electricity to it ? 
i have a real fireplace , 34x27 can i put this inside of it . 
does this have a fan or blower to distribute the heat ? 
need dimensions 
what are the dimensions of the fireplace insert ? not entire fireplace just the insert . 
does this have a temperature indicator ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the size dimensions of the towels inclued ? 
how many hours does the `` cool air '' blow ( i.e . how long does the ice pack water last ) ? will it last a full 8 hours ? 
can the af310 also work as a plain fan ( not a cooler ) 
i want to use this at craft shows . can this be used in a 10x10 booth outside with low humidity ? ? i need something more than just a fan . 
is it supposed to shoot out water ? the first time we used it , the air was cool and we had along the bed . we used it again , and now its spraying out `` mist '' and over time it makes everything in front of it wet . the vents are also wet and water is ... 
does it come with a remote ? 
can i use distilled or bottled water other than filtered water ? ? ? 
are you supposed to fill it with water ? does it come with ice packs ? 
can i adjust vertical air flow on this unit ? 
i just received my unit and i followed the directions for initial use but unfortunately , the unit instantly started leaking . why is this ? 
is 36 '' the height or width of the table ? 
are the chairs included ? 
is the black a true black or more of a grey ? 
are the chairs sold separately on amazon ? 
size of table please 
what type of heater ? is it infrared heater or what . 
i need messures for this fireplace 
what is the back width of the unit ? it appears to taper in but no where can i find the width at the back . 
can i know the voltage ? 
can this be completely encapsulated , minus front , with no damage or overheating to surrounding cabinet ? thanks ! 
does the remote use radio wave or infrared . infrared requires pointing it to unit , radio turns on off without pointing 
how long is the cord ? 
one review said that the remote would not turn the unit on , only off . anybody know if this is true ? 
would this be safe to place in a wall enclosed and stone around it ? 
i bought a real flame insert it has a vibration noise how can i stop the noise 
does this require a micor fiber pad for the mopping 
dose this machine have wheels or is it push and pull 
does this have pads for polishing floors ? 
what is capacity of each water tank ? width of cleaning nozzle ? 
can it be used on very short carpet like on mats 
would recommend for 2,500 square feet of tile , along with 2 large dogs ? 
can you use it on a bamboo floor ? 
does it vacuum up the water after mopping ? 
dose it accept 220 voltage ? 
can you use bleach in the bissell ? 
why is is not steaming 
has anyone used the steamer on laminate flooring ? 
can i use this to steam clean carpets ? i need a vacuum but also need a carpet cleaner to sanitize from dog pee . i do n't have room to store 2 units . 
how do i unstop it ? 
does this operate as a wet dry vac ? if after mopping an area , can i use the vacuum to suck up the moisture and schmutz left on the floor ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
i need replacement for the foam rubber slip that goes over the filter and i ca n't find them ... ... can you help ? 
after reading the first few reviews about the difficulty using the steam portion of this vacuum , i am wondering if i should look at another brand ? 
dimensions and what power supply ? 
can the heater be installed in the bathroom ? 
does this unit restart automatically after a power outage ? 
is it programable 
how quiet noisy is this unit ? thanks 
purchased unit hs-1000-wx . box says `` not suggested for garages '' . why is it not suggested for garages ? 
i see that it states that it 'll heat a room using the least amount of energy , but that seems ambiguous . is it cheap to run ? 
can it be placed near tvs ? 
does it have to be so many feet from curtains , etc . and can a surge protector power strip be used ? 
can this heater be allowed to run 24 7 and unattended ? 
is this set made of 100 % cotton or polyester ? 
is this mint green ? 
is the comforter machine washable ? and the other parts ? 
can one use metal tools with these pans ? 
can this cookware be used without scratching glasstop stoves ? 
made in america 
hi all , im looking for a ceramic set . if anyone has owned this wearever set for quite awhile , can you tell me how its holding up . is the ceramic still in good shape ... no chipping..no bubbles , etc ... also some sets do n't suggest you `` nest '' them but my ... 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
where is this set made from ? 
has anyone tried using these on high ? did you notice a negative impact on them ? the directions say to use on no higher than medium . 
are these also lead free ? thanks 
is this set guaranteed against scratches and stains ? 
the box for this product only says `` pfoa-cadmium free '' . does this product actually contain ptfe ? 
what are the dimensions when open ( as a bed ) ? it says 70 '' x 69 '' x 32 '' but does n't seems so from the photo 
futon looks white in photo but is it really white ? pictures can be deceiving . 
what color and fabric is the back ? 
hi , could someone please re-confirm this is `` pure white '' not off-white or a variation of white . thanks . 
does it lay completely flat when the back is down for sleeping ? 
what are the legs made of ? metal or wood ? 
how fast is shipping ? 
what size sheets do you use for this futon ? 
want to again make sure this is pure white white , not off white or vanilla 
is the depth shorter when the seat is up ? i 'm wondering how deep it is folded versus open.. thank you ! 
the dimensions say `` 43 x 98 x 92 inches '' what exactly does this mean ? 3.6 feet x 8.2 feet x 7.8 feet = wxlxh ? wxhxl ? one of them must be wrong ! ? 
i know it 's a twin size , but what 's the exact size of the mattress it requires ? 
what size twin mattress should be used on this ? is the standard 7 inch okay ? i want to make sure my 5 year old feels safe . 
what size the shipping box ? not product size . 
what is the length of the space under the bed , from inside the rails ? 
can this be used as a bunk bed ? mattress on top and underneath ? for 3 yr old and 2 yr old . 
is this bed too small for an 8 9 year old boy ? 
can i safetly use a toddler bed mattress on this loft bed ? 
how easy is it to put together and how big and heavy is the box that it comes in ? 
need to buy a screen filter 
there is smell when it heats will it go away ? 
is this the 49995 or the 49995r model . it seems that hamilton beach has updated the coffee maker -- is the description not updated ? 
would i be getting the 49995 or the 49995r model when or if i order now ? is r the updated model ? 
anyone have issues with excess grounds ? i use a tully 's k-cup and i frequently find grounds in cup and near the needle . 
how does this product compare to the hb scoop ? like the kcup tea pod feature on this product but scoop brews a larger cup of coffee ... . 
can you use the vue cups with this machine ? 
which one holds the most water ? 
what is the watts ? on this unit 
is it worth the price for k-cups use only 
do the grills come out to clean ? ? 
is it 120 voltage ? 
is it 120 voltage ? 
the free shipping is included in this product ? 
can you make mini pies with it ? 
how much is its watt ? 
how much watt does this hold up ? 
we are limited in space - can you tell us if the toaster is 12 '' long or is that the height ? 
just received mine and it makes a high pitched noise when plugged in . anyone else notice this ? i 'm wondering if i should exchange it or get a dif brand 
i recently purchased this toaster . i notice that when the toaster is plugged in i hear a high pitch frequency humming noise . is this normal ? 
i just bought one of these . does anyone hear a high pitched sound coming from the unit even when it 's not toasting ? might have a defective one . 
can you shut off the sound 
how long are the slots ? how deep when depressed ? 
removeable crumb tray ? discription does not mention it . 
what is the length and depth ( when depressed ) of the slot ? 
what is the length of the slots ? some toasters have short slots , but almost none give the actual length . thanks 
does it toast large bread ? 
i have very limited counter space , so i was wondering how hot the sides and back of this toaster get ? 
how long are the slots in this toaster ? need to toast large rye bread slices . 
anyone know how hot the front will get during toasting ? 
anyone know how hot the front and sides get during toasting ? 
please send me the over-all dimentions 
how long is the cord ? where is the cord attached to the unit ? 
does it beep ? it seems that many modern toasters make annoying and unnecessary sounds with no way to turn them off . 
is this toaster made in china or the usa ? 
does bagel function only toast the inside of the bagel , also when not using bagel function does bread toast properly ? 
how long ( minutes ) to toast on the darkest setting ? 
can anyone tell me the width measured from outside edge to outside edge of the magnets ? i 'm not worried about the overlap in the material ... 
i like this product but looks like the seal is not fully tight , wonder if draft will still be able to escape between the two magnet holddowns ? 
my fireplace only has the metal mesh screen and is 24h x 42w , will the medium work or is it too tall ? 
how flexible is the cover ? my insert has glass doors with handles at the bottom . since 42 '' is longer than i need , can i crease it at the bottom ? 
can this be used with a gas fireplace ? 
what sort of magnets would you recommend for filling in the gaps and closing them ? 
my fireplace measured 34 '' h x 36 '' w. what size will work better for me ? 
does this stop the smell of fireplace in the room ? 
my fireplace mesured 32 '' h x 37 '' w , what problem will i have to contend with ? 
is this only useful after a fire or can i use with flue closed just to keep a c in during summer winter ? 
can the revolution use the 130l carbonation tanks ? 
how tall is the machine ? i have the genesis and it fits under the cupboards with only 1 2 inch to spare . 
can you use this machine to carbonate juices or wine ? 
what is the maximum pressure it can use ? i grew up drinking brooklyn , ny selzer and i like it highly carbonated just like it was back then . 
do you ship international ? 
all of a sudden mine would not work , like it was not plugged in . is this normal ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
has anyone tried using the 0.5 l bottles with this machine ? do you have to use less carbonation ? 
does the co2 container come filled with co2 or do you have to get it filled ? 
can this item be shipped overseas ? 
can this work with 220-240v 50hz electricity ? 
will it remove cigarette order ? 
how does it work 
does it remove pet dander ? 
can i get a spare cord ? my unit suddenly stopped working and i ca n't see any reason why . 
i have two dog in my family room in the basement . they are kept clean but there is still order . will this purifier help with dog odors ? 
does this air purifier generate ozone ? according to the epa , there are numerous health reasons why you would n't want any ozone sources in your home . 
what scientific principles does it use ? not `` how well '' it works . 
confused about the two washers that come with the screws . are they separated inside and outside , or do they fit snug against the screw ? 
what is the range of height for the seat ? 
can the mesh back be adjusted to move down ? 
is this chair suitable for someone 5'1 '' and slender ? 
what type of battery ? 
how do you clean this scale properly ? 
can the battery be recharged or replaced ? 
can i use this to weigh letters ? 
what is the guarantee ? 
what are the measurements of the scale in inches 
i can not change the unit , it just stays in g. what 's the trick ? 
does it have 0 function & # xff1f ; 
i just got my scale . it does not work . i went out and bought a new battery and it still does not work . 
what kind of batteries are needed 
why does description say straw included ? can someone update that if it does not include ? 
will this fit a regular mouth 1 pint ball mason drinking jar with handle ? 
there seems to be a lot of confusion as to whether or not a metal straw and cleaning tool is included ... seller , please clear this up ? ? ? 
why are there 2 pieces ? does one piece completely seal it for storage like in the fridge ? it looks like both pieces have a hole for the straw . 
will this one fit a regular mouth mason jar ? 
will a glass dharma straw fit the hole of these lids ? what is the size hole ? 
will this fit a small canning jar , such as an 8oz jelly jar ? 
where is the plastic on this item ? sounds like there is very little plastic , but i 'd love to know where it 's located . thanks ! 
received mine with no straw . thought it would be included . is it a mistake ? 
what is the exact diameter of the opening ? anyone know if decodyne 's stainless steel straws fit ? 
are the cutting plates interchangeable for different sizes ? 
it says a potato up to 6 '' long but how fat around ? 
did not get any instruction with french fry cutter . does instruction come with it ? 
where do i order different plates 
does this slice potato for scalloped potatoes 
does this make shoestring size fries ? 
are the suction cup feet available separately geodf 
does this work for sweet potatoes ? 
is this a infraded heater & amp ; how big square feet does it heat it does n't say 
can i put a 65 inch tv on it weight about 78 # 
are there holes in the back of the shelf units on the side to run media cables , or is the back of the unit solid ? 
what are the dimensions of the firebox ? thank you . 
what is the height of each self unit ? are they designed to be used for components ? 
i ordered this and it says `` box 3 of 3 '' on the outside . before i open , is there just one box ? or did i not receive the other two ? 
is this a med . or dark oak finish ? 
are the two shelf units separate , such that they could they be placed further back to be flush with my uneven wall ? 
how wide is the top section ? 
does it make `` fire '' sounds ? 
what are the dimensions of this pillow ? 
how much is the shipping for 2 of these pillows ? it is not stated as the other items on amazon . 
is it possible to combine shipping fee ? 
what is width of closet 
can you adjust the shelves and rods ? i am thinking of using this for a display and would like to make some shelves bigger than others . 
my question is.. what is the real size of this rod freestanding ? 
what is the maximum weight each hanging pole can support ? 
can you atach caster and if so witch ones , size thread , or product # ? 
how much weight can the shelves take ? 
i am thinking this would make a great plant stand and have hanging plants . could i install wheels and how much weight do you think it would hold . 
is this genuine cowhide or a printed faux fabric 
how ca i return this cowhide pillow 
this looks brown and white . is it black and white or brown and white ? do you have options for either ? 
are these pillows genuine ( hair on ) cowhide or just printed to look like it ? ? ? description unclear and not helpful . 
is it all stainless steel 
is the inside also made of stainless steel ? or is there a stainless steel covering on the outside for decorative purposes ? 
are there any issues with green algae growing on the bottom of this pitcher as there are with clear ones ? 
is the filter light supposed to stay on ? 
does it remove floride ? 
how tall is it , in inches , at highest point ? our shelf height is limited . 
what is the locking lid ? i would like to be able to refill the top and pour the filtered water from the bottom without the lid popping off mixing it . 
what is the locking lid ? i would like to be able to refill the top and pour the filtered water from the bottom without the lid popping off mixing it . 
still tastes funky ? our water has an odd taste smell that this pitcher is not eliminating . our refrigerator 's built in filter does . 
is the pitcher able to be refrigerated ? 
what are dimensions of the legs , width and depth please ? 
can someone tell me the measurements of the inside of this ottoman ? 
does the top completely off and can it be used as a tray ? 
does this stay open to prevent slamming shut ? 
what are the outside ( total ) dimensions ? 
how is the interior finished ? 
what are the package dimentions ? 
how tall are the feet ? 
is the color dark chocolate or black ? 
will you ship to hawaii ? 
how many k-cups does this hold the title said 54 but product info said 32 so which is it ? 
are you able to remove the drawer from the casing ? i want the organizer part to put in an existing drawer . 
i own a cuisinart ss-700 coffee system . will this drawer support all the weight of the coffee maker when full , and not buckle in the center ? 
does it come with mattress 
does this bed include the mattress ? ? ? ? 
please let me know maximum weight capacity . 
do you have to have link spring and does it come with it ? 
how high is it ? can a trundle bed be placed underneath it ? 
what are the exact measurement specs it must fit in a small `` man-cave '' ... ... 
i would like to use a box spring and a mattress . will both fit on this ? 
could you tell me approx dimensions of the largest piece ? i need a day bed for a loft and the spiral staircase is extremely tight . 
what 's the weight limit for this ? 
i have misplaced the instrustions . is it possible to have them emailed to me ? 
will it work for deep mattresses ? 
ok , i 'm on board to buy this , but my wife is skeptical . so , is this sheet comfortable , as my wife is very particular to soft sheets . 
o.k . for my dog to sleep on it ? ? ? 
what is best company brand of earthing sheet ? ? 
can you use an electric blanket with it ? 
can you put a cotton sheet over earth sheet 
can you place another fitted sheet over the grounding sheet ? will this interfer with the effects of the grounding sheet ? 
what about a flat sheet ? do you sell them or are they unnecessary ? 
would nellie 's nls all natural laundry soda ( powder ) work for washing these sheets . 
what if you have a twin size mattress ? 
how deep is the drop on the sides ? most of the regular sheets i buy are deep pocket sized . 
can you put a regular sheet on top of the grounding sheets 
is it safe for dogs to sleep on ? 
i pee in my sleep almost every night . is this safe for me ? also will my pee offend gaia or any other earth gods as i sleep ? 
will it work with a magnetic mattress pad ? 
can the grounding sheets or pads be used on top of an electric mattress pad ? 
is a `` properly grounded wall outlet '' different than a regular wall outlet ? 
is this washable ? 
how do you care for the earthing sheet ? washable ? 
do the stainless steel straws you sell fit in to these lids ? 
does the lid measure 3 '' across ? 
how do we stop these from rusting ? 
how many oz is this jar ? 
does this lid fits large mouth mason jars of any size capacity ? 
would this fit the libbey county fair 16.5-ounce drinking jar with handle ? ? 
how big is the straw hole ? 
why is the shipping so costly 
how much is the straw diameter ? 
i was going to order 6 of these lids but for the life of my ca n't figure out why shipping would be $ 29 ! ! 
will this wringer fit a 5 gallon bucket 
dimensions and brand 
what is the smallest mop this will accommodate and still wring out the majority of water ? 
does this bucket have separated sections to hold the clean and dirty ( wringed ) water ? 
what are the measurements of the wringer . 
where to buy mop & amp ; what size to buy . thanks 
what does 1pc mean , does the wringer come off the bucket for ease of dumping water ? 
i received my bucket and it came with operating instructions , but no assembly instuctions . how and with what force should i attach the wheels with ? 
can we easily buy the replacement filters ? how long it works before the battery runs out ? 
what is the voltage ? using an inverter at home use ? 
how long is the cigarette plug ? and finally , should i really buy this or not ? 
is there some adapter you can get to plug this in an electrical socket and use it in the house ? 
is there enough power for get the sands , dust in the carpet of car ? 
is the filter washable ? or just clean the dust of it 
how many watts ? 
is this a wet dry vacuum ? 
wet vac ? 
can it pick up cigarette ash ? 
will this item be sturdy enough to hold vinyl 45 's ( lps ) ? i am using them as my table numbers for my wedding . 
available heights : 1-1 2 '' , 2.7 '' , or 4 '' which one is the 4 '' to order just wondering if there 's something that slides up and down to make it adjustabel 
$ 15.00 for 12 
will this hold card stock 8 1 2 x 11 ? 
i know it says 12 pieces , but just to make sure , do you get 12 of these or is it 1 stand in 12 pieces ? 
can i get clip dimensions please ? 
how tall is each holder ? can it hold a piece of cardstock paper ? 
is it $ 15.99 for 12 of these new star harp clip place card holders ? 
can someone tell me the differences between the uniq and the capricorn besides the $ 300 price ? thank you . 
what are the differences between the s8990 uniq and the s8390 kona 
is the air exhausted in a perfect vertical column or is there a spread so that if you stand on either side you feel a breeze on your chest face ? 
how long is the cord ? 
looking for new vac , 10 yrold panasonic was great , concerned about small brush attachment on miele , is it any good ? looks like a toy in comparison 
do they have a cap on them ? 
has anyone found a cap ( little red type ) that can be purchased that fits these ? if so , where ? 
are these bottles microwave safe ? 
how tall are these bottles , and do they leak around the cap ? 
the pictures show caps ... i am not seeing where in the description it says no caps . 
do they give off any kind of plastic smell ? 
are these bottles bpa free ? 
is this 6 squeeze bottles ? 
are these usa made ? 
is the tapered delivery end pre-cut or is it designed to be cut to produce a desired orifice 
so you can no longer purchase this at a starbucks ? 
is it dishwasher proof ? 
does this tumbler have a rubber bottom ? 
is the inside of the cup black or stainless steel ? 
is this an original product ? 
is the base 2.5 inches ? 
is the lid screw on or push down ? 
does the coffee come out hot and you have to add ice , which would water it down which i am looking to avoid . or is it cool so not watered down w ice 
does it make ice tea as well ? ? 
does it make ice tea as well ? ? 
the description mentions that it comes with a 2qt pitcher , but it does n't mention actually how much tea coffee it makes . does it make 2qt ? or less ? 
does this take 10 min as advertised or somewhat longer ? 
does the coffee brew and come out hot ? or is it already cold without needing ice to cool it ? 
can u make hot tea too ? 
can you make iced tea in it ? 
does this machine have a water hookup or do you have to fill up a tank ? 
is this new or refurbished ? is there any kind of warranty included ? 
height of product ? 
can you use regular k cup pods 
seems like the vue has been an epic failure , hence the massive price drop . is it worth it to buy this or is it going to be discontinued and obsolete ? 
what size reservoir ? 
k-cups have finally lost their patent exclusivity . i love my k-cups . will this brew a standard k-cup ? 
can you use k cups in this machine and does it have a visible water reservior ? 
does this product have claws for both the headboard and footboard ? 
im not sure what i am supposed to measure to make sure i can use this for my double bed to convert to a queen . can you help call ? 
we tried another conversion product and the bed is very wobbly . how does this product compare to the original sturdiness of the full size bed ? 
does this rail frame need slats if a queen ( not split ! ) box springs is used ? 
our bed side rails only have one hook and when installing these ( with two hooks ) it does not fit tightly - the hooks go in but they dont catch - wobbl 
what is the length of the rail from headboard to footboard ? 
will this work if we have a queen size frame ? we just need a frame for our new queen head and footboard that has the claws on it . 
what is the width of the hooks ? we want to measure the pegs in the slots in our bed to be sure this frame will work . 
i saw a brief comment about this converter not being able to take a split box spring . i 'd like more information on that issue , please . 
can a slat roll be placed on this frame so that a box spring can be eliminated ? 
why wo n't this work w steel hookin rails ? bed has metal rails attached to wood sides that hook into headboard . if these mount width wise why not work 
is this a bar that goes straight across the frame from side to side or is it just the feet to put on the existing bed frame . i need the one with the full bar to go from side to side . please advise . 
does this work on a wooden bed frame ? 
my bed frame is basically a metal rectangle with feet at each corner and wooden slats resting across it : will this fit onto it to give center support ? 
i have a mattress firm full size frame ( instamatic bed frame 753r prime ) sku # v000010643 . i need a center support ; will this fit the frame ? 
will this help support a mattress that is sagging in the middle since the two `` feet '' appear to be close to the edge of the frame ? 
could these center supports be attached to wood bed rails ? 
hi there . can i purchase extra sheet sets separately ? i would like to get the full bedding set , plus 2 extra sets of sheets for bed changes . thanks ! 
i sit available in queen size ? 
do you by chance offer this set in full size ? 
is it warm and soft ? 
since this is for kids is it flame retardant ? 
how many people does this seat comfortably fit ? 
was the sectional already treated with scotchguard or another similar product prior to delivery ? 
are both sides of the seat cushions upholstered with the same fabric ? so if i want to flip over i can ... please let me know ... thanks ! 
is the back soft like you sink in or is it firm ? are the seat cushions foam or down or down-wrapped foam ? 
ca n't see any way to include personalization in the order - typically , i like to see all in writing before $ $ changes hands . can you fix this . 
if i order a barrel today ( 12 7 ) can i get it before christmas ? 
can i get a barrel that is not toasted on the inside ? 
is this barrel charred on the interior ? i do n't see anything about that ... 
what is the lead time for 8 engraved barrels ... need in hand by oct 8th . thanks ! 
is there any way i can get this by the 27th , 8 days from now ? 
how many spaces are available for customization , for example could i put 3 letters for initials and then below it est 10 18 14 ? 
i do not see a gift message option . how do i get this engraved ? 
there 's no option for entering engraving information before placing an order . how can i ensure you will engrave what i request and how do i enter it ? 
can i have it by next friday 4 11 engraved ? 
does this plunger work with a low flow toilet with a non-round opening ? 
does the head unscrew ? 
is the holder easy to clean disinfect after water has dripped down onto it and dried ? 
how does the magnet hold them together well yet still allow you to remove the plunger from the holder ? 
what are the dimensions , specifically it 's height ? 
how big is this ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
how thick is the plastic ? 
is it bpa free 
is this model the petech ? 
does this product also sharpen knives with serated edges ? 
who makes this sharpner ? ? 
does it scratch knife surfaces ? 
since i do not own wusthof knives , is this still aq better model than chef 's choice 1520 or others ? 
i have a very old 3 stage chef 's choice , better than nothing but not great . other than the sharpening angle is this a re-branded version of the same ? 
is this 110 or 220 volts ? 
how about surrated knifes ? 
how long will the honing and stropping wheels last in this machine , and are replacements available ? 
is this product for all knives or just wusthof knives 
is this pan made or assembled in china ? 
what is the total volume of this pan ? 2quart ? 3quart ? am looking for a replacement for my 12 '' but very deep teflon fry pan . 
do i need to season it ? 
can this pan be used on an induction stove ? 
how thick is the bottom ? 
does this fry pan have a fruit and floral decal on the side ? '' 
any pre-use instructions ? 
measurement of the bottom 
exactly how deep is the inside of this pan ? the old one i 'm trying to replace is 3 '' deep inside the pan . 
banana for scale ? 
where is it made in ? 
i purchased the wok and sauce has burnt on the bottom , will not clean with wiping or using a soap sponge combo . what is the safest way to get it out ? 
does this come in plain red with no fruit design 
i am assuming ( a dangerous thing ) it will work well on a gas stove ? i hate cooking on electric . is it really dishwasher safe ? is the lid vented ? 
can it be used on induction cook top ? 
how heavy is this wok ? 
i just got the wok . does it work well on a gas stove ? 
the add on amazon states dishwasher safe but this is not mentioned on the box . so..is it really dishwasher safe ? 
does this pan comes with lid ? ? can i make deep fries ? 
how hard soft are the pillows ? 
is the pillow cooling breathable or does it make for a hot head at night ? 
these are obviously smaller than standard pillows , so are there smaller covers available to buy for these ? the covers i have are all too big to fit . 
are these for side-sleepers or are these for everyone , no matter how you sleep ? 
do they have a chemical smell ? 
do they have a chemical smell ? 
awful smell - says it will go away but had not yet ? ? ? 
does it come crushed and packed ? i m looking to travel oversees with them and dont want to occupy space in my bag 
how tall is this pillow ? 
why do n't i see sleep master on the centipur-us website since it states they 're certified in the item description ? 
are these safe for a glasstop stove ? 
is this a made in america product ? 
are these pans compatible with an induction cooktop ? 
can you use any cleaning material to clean to exterior of the pots or pans when it starts accumulating grease especially at the botton 
do these pans have fruit painted on the side ? i see some listings of the individual pans show the fruit painting and some are all red . thanks ! 
can this cookware be used in the oven ? 
do these pans need to be seasoned ? 
this says with silver ion , i 'm not sure what that is ? does anyone know ? thank you 
have viking 6 burner gas cooktop , will your pans not develop hot spots which shortens pan life and creates food to stick on the cooking surface , 
are they oven safe ? if so to what temperature ? 
what does 5 year warranty cover ? 
how firm is it , what 's the density ? 
would this be suitable for use on an air bed ? ( queen sized ) 
does this fold up inside a sleeper couch ? 
will it fit a kitchenaid copper clad 10 inch frying pan ? 
is this 10 inch inner lip diameter or outside edge diameter ( inner lip seems to be a bit smaller than outside edge ) ? 
corrected question , my pan inside diameter is 9 3 8 '' . what is the diameter of the lip on the underneath side of lid ( outside edge to outside edge ) ? ho 
my pan inside diameter is 10 & amp ; 1 16 , what is the lip diameter ( outside edge to outside edge ) on the underneath ? thank you . 
what are the dimensions of this sofa ? 
i want to order this sofa today with chaise long to the left . how can i order it ? 
can you tell me if the chaise and sofa attached with some kind of bracket so it does n't move ? 
i am interested in the sofa with right chaise . how long before its in stock ? 
hi . i 've placed an order for this but it did not ask for what side i wanted the section . i 'd prefer a left sectional . where do i specify this ? 
can i expedite shipping ? i need it by the end of next week ( nov. 7 ) . thank you . 
i need a small fabric sectional similiar to this one in a taupe , left side facing . what fabric options do you have ? i do not want microfiber ! 
how can i clean it ? 
can it be ordered in different color fabric ? 
does it comes in different colors ... dark brown 
is the foam topper folded with the mattress when the sofa is not being used as a bed ? 
show bed folded in & amp ; what is fabric material ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
tell me about the mattress.thickness etc . 
can this sofa be converted to a sleeper 
when will the right side chaise be available again ? 
what are the dimensions 
is the right side chaise still out of stock ? 
what fabric did you use to make this sofa ? thank you ! 
hello , when i buy how do i chose which side i want the chaise ? also where do i look at it from to pick the side ? should i look at it from the front ? 
please can you give me the dimensions including how high the seat is from the floor , how high the feet are and how long the seat is from the back of the cushion ? also how long is the chaise ? thank you . 
is this leather ? and is it white or ivory ? 
hi , what is teh difference between edition # 7 and # 9 ? 
what battery does this use ? 
how long is the metal probe in inches ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff switch for the display ? 
is this really as quick as advertised and have a backlight ? thank you . 
does the tramontina 15-piece hard anodized cookware set work for induction cooking 
do the handles get hot on this cookset ? 
where was it made ? 
what temp . can it take in oven ? 
can metal utensils be used ? 
what size are the pans 
what is induction cooking ? 
they are hardanodized . why they still use teflon ? 
i bought an analon set a couple of years ago ... already the frying pan is starting to bubble on the inside ... do these pans do that ... . 
can i use this die with my spellbinder grand calibur ? 
what size are these stars ? 
what is the size of the star ? 
can you use this in a cuttle bug ? 
does this die cut soda pop cans 
it comes brown with white or beige ? 
i just purchased this item because of the brown color . at checkout the picture showed a blue comforter . did i purchase the brown or blue ? 
dose it come in green and brown 
is this machine washable 
do i have to put a comforter in the cover ? -- or can i use it the way it ships 
is there a bed skirt matching the color of the duvet color ? 
what exactly is the color ? 
i have a champagne colored set now , considering the color questions , would you say this set would be a suitable substitute ? 
the measurements for the queen and the king are the exact same , is that accurate ? 
hi there -- i am contimplating buying this..it looks like in the picture there is some gold tones in the faberic is this correct ? 
do i have to put a comforter in the cover ? -- or can i use it the way it ships 
there have been several color questions and they all have different answers . what is the exact color please ? . big difference between gold and beige . 
is there a matching bedskirt 
where is it made ? ? 
in the reviews i keep hearing that the cup is fairly small . just how small is it ? 
can you drink from it ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what is it made of ? 
is this cup microwave safe and dishwasher safe ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
can i put it in the microwave ? 
how can i get my company logo on a mug like this ? 
is the mug new in the box it came in ? ? 
how high is this couch ? ? 
can any one tell me how good for sleeping in night for 5.6 feet guys 
what is the weight limit for sitting sleeping ? 
how easy is the assembly ? 
i 'm looking for a small sofa futon for my studio apartment . i already have a bed so this is strictly for sitting on . is it worth buying ? 
hi looking to buy this , can we dismantle it ? the sofa and the frame 
hi , i need to know the exact dimensions . when it is flat , what is the lxwxh ? 
dose it come with the legs for i never got any ! 
hey gys is 5.8 feet guys feet while sleping ? and how comfort its for sleeping ? 
does this fold out to a full size ? i dont wan na twin size and does it come assembled ? 
what is the wattage on this and is it made in the usa ? 
is this good for beating cream cheese , etc . my hamilton beach smells like it is over heating when making cheese cake . 
what is power ? 
is the slowest speed a true stir or is it too fast ? 
does batter splatter at low speed ? 
how high will the legs go up ? 
does the top section tilt up like this one does : http : www.amazon.com laptop-computer ... 
i have a 14 '' laptop . i like to place a book or notebook next to it to write . is it sufficiently wide ? it says 24 '' 
does your lap to fit inside of the desk ? 
is this unit large sturdy enough to handle a 17 '' + laptop and does the tray top allow for any ventilation ? thanks in advance ! 
is this reversible for left handed mouse placement ? 
dimensions 
led light - battery or is there an electric line ? ... is the leg height adjustable ? 
how wide is the slanted part ? i have a 15 '' laptop . will it hang over the slanted section ? thanks . 
does it have usb ports ? 
are the cushions and back fairly firm ? i do not like to sink into the cushions . it also makes it hard to get up for an older person . 
is it firm or soft ? need back support 
why would it be hard for seniors to get up from sitting ? what are the measurments floor to top of cushion ? 
is this sofa a wall-hugger ? how far from the wall do you have to place the sofa so it can recline fully ? 
is the homelegance charley 9715pu-1 bi-cast vinyl chair , dark brown the same color as the loveseat ? 
does the material have tendency to peel ? 
i have a narrow doorway that i would like to get it through . does it arrive in two pieces ? if so , what is the height of the large piece ? 
does it peel ? 
how long does assembly take ? is it complicated ? thank you . 
how much does it weigh ? 
whats the blades length 
is this knife a single or double ground edge ? 
does this knife too small to cut meat , it is less than 2 inches wide and the handle is less than 1 inch thick . is it too samll for kitchen use ? 
what does that means : product dimensions : 11.2 x 1.9 x 0.9 inches . 1.9 inches wides ? 0.9 inches thick ? 11.2 inches long ? 
is the nakiri double ground , as in sharpened on both sides ? 
is this knife double ground ? 
does this knife have a full tang ? 
is there a known weight limit for the sofa ? can it handle 3 people ( e.g 400 - 500 lb combined ) ? 
does it come assembled or do i have to assemble it ? 
ive got a 30 inch door ... if the legs are taken off , ,will it fit ? 
does the sofa have solid sides and back ? 
are the cushions attached with zippers to hold cushion in ? 
the couch we ordered will be shipped to a church - how can we contact you prior to delivery to make certain someone is here to sign for it ? thanks . 
does this couch ship regular or freight ? ? 
how does this blender do for making smoothies ? if you had a second chance would you but it again ? 
can you attach a mason jar to this ? 
how is this cleaned ? do you have to take the blades out ? 
has anyone used this to make baby food ? is this product bpa lead free ? 
is the lid on the glass jar bpa free ? i wanted to confirm that all plastic parts are bpa free . 
does the food processor slice food , i.e . for potatoes or onions ? 
the description says that the glass jar is dishwasher safe . but what about the other parts : blade , the food processor jar ? 
i see where there 's an option of buying a separate `` milkshake blade '' . does that mean without this extra blade it wo n't do all it should ? 
can you make ice cream with it ? 
what is the size of blstcc-rfp16 
can the nozzles be replaced ? 
would this fan be damaged by the rain if left outdoors all the time ? 
will this fan help keep mosquitoes away ? 
are the nozzles brass or plastic ? 
are the nozzles universal and can you buy them at the box stores 
is there an obvious way to secure this so a toddler ( or rambunctious pet ) ca n't knock this over ? have you managed to secure it ? 
does this connect to a water hose 
how long is the electrical cord from the fan to an outlet ? 
i 'm looking for an outside fan to blow my neighbors ' cigarette smoke back across the fence . is this powerful enough ? thanks ! 
does this help cool in a hot , humid place like houston ? 
where is it made ? 
i have a couple of these mugs , one does not seem to keep the coffee hot . has anyone had any issues like this ? i am wondering if it is possible to have a defective cup . my other contigo 's are perfect . 
may have missed it , is this dishwasher safe ? 
is this the updated or original lid design ? 
does it have any plastic parts ? is the part where you sip metal ? i 'm trying to avoid hot water coming through something plastic for health reasons . 
how much does it hold ? 
how do you clean the lid of the keurig contigo travel mug ? 
how do you clean the lid of the keurig contigo travel mug ? 
what is the height ? 
how narrow is the interior of the mug ? 
what is the height of the mug without the lid ? i want to use it under a keurig . 
how tall is this with the lid off ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
hi . please tell me the exact dimensions of this mug . thanks for any info . 
is the lining stainless or plastic ? 
the picture shows the 2.0 with the locking switch on the lid . is this accurate , or is this the older model ? 
which is the color of the button ? black or blue ? 
what size are these mugs 
does this one have the easy cleaning lid ? 
where is it made ? 
is it spring-coiled or memory foam ? how big is the compressed package when it 's delivered ? can spring-coiled mattress be compressed & amp ; shipped ? 
did you pair this with a box spring ? 
is this mattress a full 75-inch mattress ? i 'm rather tall and some of the twin mattresses that claim to be 75 '' are actually shorter by a few inches . 
does this mattress have an odor ? 
does the frame thingy ( & lt ; -- lol ) come with it , or is it just the mattress ? 
is this mattress two-sided ? can it be flipped and used on both sides 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
i would like to use this to display my items at a craft show . a lightweight display of flowers and bowties . would it work ? 
is it able to turn 360 degrees 
is this held down on the table with screws or just sits there 
can you put a cement planter on it ? i want to be able to turn my outdoor plants . 
can you attach this to a board for further stability 
i would like to place my 55 '' smart tv on a swivel . it weighs 51 lbs . what lazy susan swivel would you recommend ? 
does it have wheels underneath ? 
i 'm thinking of making a swivel cutting mat to cut material for quilts.my mat is 18x12 . do u think this would work ? do n't want to pay $ 50 at quilt sto 
would this work on a 42 inch tv ? 
i have an samsung un40h5203 40-inch 1080p 60hz smart led tv & iuml ; & frac14 ; & # 140 ; should i buy the 12 inch or higher & iuml ; & frac14 ; & # 159 ; 
does it fit purell 5392-02 advanced instant hand sanitizer foam , 1,200 ml tfx refill ? 
can i use purell 5456-04 advanced instant hand sanitizer , 1,200 ml tfx refill ( case of 4 ) as refill for it 
is there a key to open it . looks like a something to insert . 
can this be used for liquid soap ? 
am i correct in assuming that you do not get any hand sanitizer product included with this dispenser unit ? 
what 's the battery type on this thing ? 
is there a green gel ( with aloe ) part number for the purell 1928-04 dispenser or is the ony one available the clear gel ? 
can i use gojo 5161-03 1250 ml luxury foam handwash as refill for it ? 
dose this unit fit the stand # 2425-dstfx 
i am looking for a reliable iron for home . i have a rowenta and that works ok except that the steam button has stopped working . i read the reviews and it appears that a lot of people are using it for sewing quilting purposes . i will probbaly mostly use ... 
i am considering this iron for sewing & amp ; quilting ; a friend has the v100 & amp ; recommended the brand . is the v200 truly better , and will either both models operate without steam as well ? thanks ! 
how this iron compare to the rowenta 1800w dw9080 ? 
does this iron burn out if you over fill it ? 
can you tell me how long the cord is ? 
is this model made in germany ? 
`` vapor generator '' what does that mean ? just say it plain ! 
the instructions say to clean the sole plate with an environmentally safe clay based product . what exactly is that ? 
how long is the cord on this model ? 
does this model need a filter like the 100 ? 
what are the exact dimensions ? 
can these be used with any lego sets or are they specifically for the `` friends '' sets ? 
will it work for storing lego duplo bricks ? 
is this a good price to pay ? ? 
are the bricks and girl figures included ? 
drawers 
how much will it hold 
can you stack one 4 drawer set on top of another set ? 
would dollar bills also fit in the slot ? 
is this price just for 1 lid ? ? 
what size jar opening does this fit -- regular or wide mouth ? 
dimensions ? ? ? 
do the pillow shams come with the bedspread 
chenille king size bedspreads in mauve , maroon or wine colors 
made in usa ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
what material its made from ? 
how does it look after washing drying ? 
i see this spread is 100 % cotton . how much does it shrink after washing drying several times ? 
does the measuerment include the fringe 
measurements 
can i cook a 25lb turkey in it ? 
what are the outside dimensions of this pan ? i have a small oven 17.5 by 17.5. what is the length of the pan including the handles ? 
what are the dimensions 
on the image it looks black inside , description says stainless in and out . which is right ? 
will the pan work on induction stove top to make gravy ? 
can i use this on the stove to make gravy in after the turkey is done ? all the non stick ones bubble and peel ! ! i am looking for one that wo n't ! 
what are the overall outer dimensions ? width with handles ? height ? depth ? want to make sure it will fit in my oven . thanks . 
how much room is there between the bottom of the pan and the bottom of the rack for the drippings how many inches ? 
fit a 12 lb turkey ? 
has anyone found a cover for this model which helps reduce the latex smell ? we love the softness but i do n't like the latex smell , even after 6 mos . 
i 'm asking about a 3 '' latex topper that i already ordered . i weigh 180- 200 pounds , and wonder if the medium-soft is too soft ? my name is peter haughw 
does anyone know the country of origin ( where this was made ) ? 
does this product truly keep you cooler at night sleeping ? i want to replace the foam in my pillow top sleep number bed with it . please let me know . 
is there any flame retardant or spray put on it ? also if i purchase one , it is not one that was previously returned right ? 
can you deliver this latex to south korea ? if possible , how much do i have to pay for delivering to south korea ? please let me know . 
is this product 100 % natural latex ? 
if i do n't like it , how long do i have to return it 
can you please give me the actual dimensions of the queen topper . i have noticed the sizes can vary . 
i own your mattress topper ... which is the proper side to have `` up '' the one with the deeper holes , or the shallow ones ? 
are the stars a `` true '' black ? i was hoping they could pass for a very dark brown as my kitchen is brown tan and rust . 
do these have an air tight seal ? 
do u have these canisters sets with red stars on them ? 
does it adjust to different heights or just the one shown 
can this frame be set inside my existing wooden frame if i remove the slats and box spring ? 
can two twins be used together for a king ? any experience with this use . i have a 12 inch memory foam mattress. -- one piece king . 
is there a way to attache a head board , like on a traditional hollywood type bed frame ? 
from the pictures of the frame it looks like there is a very wide gap and that the mattress might go down into it and cause problems for a memory foam 
can you use a regular mattress ( sterns & amp ; foster ) on this frame ? 
can this adjust to make you sit up , and what is the weight limit 
can i use the mattress i already have ? 
does a mattress come with the frame ? 
does this bed incline to different angles of the head elevation ? 
what is `` renu '' leather ? ? 
what is heaviest weight a person can be to set safely in recliner ? 
what is the width of the chair ? - please include dimensions 
what is the height of this chair ? 
do you know what the weight recommendations are for this chair ? i am buying for my disabled mother and she is overweight . 
is the seat of this chair foam or springs ? is it comfortable ? thank you . 
how does it recline 
is this a stationary recliner or does it rock as well ? 
how wide is the seat between the arms ? i have wide hips . 
did this chair smell at all ? i have lung problems so need to make sure no strong odors 
why is the color listed as 'grey ' ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is the recline lever a simple release for up & amp ; down function ? comments say the leg extension is hard to drop ? its for a 90 yr old . 
could the legs be shortened at all ? with a hacksaw or something ? i want to fit something in a cabinet that is only 27 inches tall inside . 
in 1 place it says this is 30 '' tall & amp ; 24 '' wide , & amp ; in another place it says opposite - 24 '' tall and 30 '' wide . need to know ht : my space is 26 '' high 
can you assemble it so each shelf has a lip ? or use the whole thing upside down to get the same result ? 
is the shelf actually 24 '' wide ? my closet is essentially 23.5 '' deep , and i am hoping to find something that will fit on the side for storage . 
i just got this and the box says light duty but the description on amazon says heavy duty . is it light or heavy duty ? i have n't opened the box yet 
can i stack a second shelf on top of this one if i buy two ? 
how do i take off the shelf ? -- been trying to hammer it with a mallet but they just wo n't come off . it 's been in use for 4 years . help ! ! 
can wheels be added to botttom of posts ? 
is this photo misleading or what ? there is no way this is a 24 '' wide unit . look at the proportions . 
is this stackable ? 
does this bed require a box spring or does it come with slats ? 
what material are the frame , legs , and upholstery made of ? what type of wood , metal , fabric , fill ? 
would this be compatible with a sleep number bed ( split king ) ? 
hi ! i have an adjustable king set and need removable slats . can this be done with this frame ? 
does this bed come in a queen ? 
could someone please tell me how high the top of the mattress is ? i 'd like to buy nightstands that are even with the mattress before my 
hello everyone . ... i just wanted to ask a question , does this use the box spring on the bottom or just the mattress ? 
do the upholstered side rails come with it ? the description makes it difficult to tell . 
is this bed made with storage ( drawers on either side ) ? 
does this come in other colors or fabrics ? 
do these come vacuum-sealed or are they shipped at full dimensions ? 
what is the pore size in microns ( indicator of the smallest size of particles allergens that ca n't pass through ) ? 
is this a medium height pillow ? 
where is this made ? 
can you currently use paintball canisters which are cheaper then what they sell at bb & amp ; b ? are ones at bb & amp ; b more expensive than what sodastream uses ? 
can you use sodastream bottles with the cuisinart ? and vice versa ? 
since cuisinart purchased primo , i 'm wondering if they use the same bottles as primo ? can i use cuisinart bottles on a flavorstation 120 ? 
how tall is the machine ? 
can you carbonate straight juice instead of flavoring water after carbonation ? 
where can you refill the cartridges ? 
do the bottles interchange with sodastream ? 
will this bottle work with model cuisinart sms-200 
is this a glass bottle ? 
will these work with a sodastream ? 
how do you clean the cuisianrt beverage bottles , 1-liter ? 
cuisinart bought primo flavorstation . i need a plastic bottle for it . can anybody tell me if this is the same size hookup for my machine ? ? ? 
does this bottle fit the css-100 ? 
the details of this sharpener are contradictive . is the sharpening angle adjustable ? 
can anyone recommend some reasonably priced stones that would be good replacements ? somewhere in the $ 10 each range ? 
so is this basically a edge pro knock off ? 
does this come with a storage bag ? i see one pictured but it is not listed in what you get . 
is this sharpener worth it , i like the wick edge but to expensive , what do you suggest ! 
are there english instructions for set up and use ? if not , does this set up exactly like the edge pro ? 
how comfortable is it to sleep on ? 
does your product come with mattress along with frame ? 
what size length and width is the thing ... 
how far is the seat from the ground ? is it approximately 16 '' off from the ground ? 
is this black or brown ? it looks like brown in the first picture and it looks black in the last three . 
what are the dimensions 
do these sheets have an odor like other fleece sheets i 've found online ? reviews of other brands of sheets report a bad smell from the fleece . 
are they the thicker fleece- the higher quality or are they the thinner fleece ? 
is there any sort of pilling or scratchiness after they are washed a few times ? 
is the chair a rocker ? 
how far back does this chair recline ? does it go horizonal ? 
legs elevated above heart ? thanks -- 
what is the needed assembly .does the back come off . have a tight stair to get it up 
does the glider part lock in place ? my wife is interested in something like this but does n't want it to be constantly moving . 
is there enough room for someone 6ft 2inches tall how far does this chai recline . ? thanks in advance 
what is the seat height ? 
i 've had a sectional couch with the microfiber once and it tore very easily from our dog ; can someone tell me if material on this recliner is durable ? 
is the chair heavy-duty enough for a 300 # person to sleep in on a regular basis ? 
does the chair rock when in reclined position ? 
how fare back will the recliner lean back ? the picture only shows a slight 20 degree angle ... can u lean back fare enough to take a nap ? 
i am disabled . will the glider action stop when you try to stand from the chair ? 
is this a glider rocker ? 
is this a wall hugging recliner ? thank you . diana 
what is the seat height from the floor ( from floor to top of seat ) 
is the height good for extra tall people -- so they can lean back comfortablt 
just want to confirm that this is a glider and not a rocker . 
is there a gap between the chair and foot rest when fully extended . 
is this chair really 44 inches wide ? i fear it might be too big but i ca n't cancel the order at this time . 
is this genuine leather ? 
is the color yellow mustard at all ? 
where do we buy the stuffing for the footstools ? 
does the footstool come with provided stuffing or does that have to be ordered separately ? 
does it measure ozs . & amp ; grains 
will it weight in ct ( carats ) ? 
does it come with a matchbook case ? im very interested in this but only if it comes with a case it can slide in to 
is chair fully assembled or if not what needs to be done . 
would 2 0f these look good together with a table in between ? or would it be too much ? 
are they comfortable to sit in ? 
is the back of the chair comfortable to lean against , looks like it would n't be ? 
is the fabric color red or rust ? 
is the color of the stripes a dark red ? 
is waffle batter from scratch ok to use ? 
what is the diameter of the circles ? ? ? 
what kind of batter to use in this machine 
are they pcb free ? 
how many containers come in a set 
are they bpa free ? 
will these containers go from freezer to microwave and not break ? i make breakfast bowls for my family and need a good container . 
how many of each are in the set ? 
how many of each size are in the set ? thank you . 
what coffee does it use ? 
`` one touch '' brewing is n't working . is this normal or a defect ? when i fill the water tank to the maximum and press on , it brews only about 5 oz . 
how hot is freshly brewed coffee ? i have a personal brewer that starts brewing at about 135 deg and stops at 170 , way too cool . 
can you use this to just heat water for tea ? 
is this item bpa free ? 
how tall is this product ? 
what kind of coffee does it use ? 
has the original design been redone after some of the flaws cited by various reviews ? 
how many watts or what is the temperature of the coffee when it first dipenses ? 
how much water does the removable water tank hold ? 
can this brew into any cup or do you have to use the travel cup ? 
can you use this kitchenaid personal brewer for tea and or hot chocalate ? 
does it have auto shut off ? 
how do you use the excess cord storage as mentioned to the handbook 
is the coffee thermal carafe made out of stainless steel on the interiior ? 
can i brew one cup right after another , or does it have to cool down a bit first ? 
how is the taste of the coffee ? 
why does this piece of crap just stop working after 2 months ? 
how many cups does each section hold ? 
what is the diameter of the lazy susan turntable ? does it come in other sizes ( diameters ) ? 
do the bins snap lock together when stacked ? 
are the containers bpa free ? 
is this bpa free ? 
are the bins microwave safe ? 
on the slow cooker setting , does 6 hours equal `` high '' and 8 hours equal `` low ? '' 
customer service says the lid has to be closed for searing , but should'nt you be able to stir while searing ? 
why should i buy this over the less expensive models ? i 'm on the fence but leaning towards this one just b c of the quality . thx ! 
does it saute veggies ? carmelize onions ? 
can this be used as a pressure cooker canner to preserve food ? 
can the non-stick cooking insert be used directly on a gas electric stovetop ( to better control heat settings for sauteing garlic vs searing meats ) ? 
we just received the fast slow cooker and noticed a series of flat holes around the lid . i do n't see them in the photo . is this normal ? 
i noticed two settings are `` pressure cook '' and `` pressure steam '' . what is the difference ? 
how many quarts ? 
can you set a timer on this machine to be done at , say , five o'clock in the evening instead of just saying cook for thirty minutes ? 
what amount of ice cream does this make . 1.5 quarts or more ? 
will this machine make half batches ? 
what is the warranty 
if anyone has tried it with real gelato recipes ( 6-8 % butterfat , roughly half of ice cream 's ) , did it get dry enough ? 
how hard is this thing to clean ? 
can we use this for small commercial purpose ? to do 2 to 4 batch at day ? 
does the ice cream bucket have to go in the freezer like the less expensive type ? why is this ice cream so much better than the $ 60 cuisinart ? 
does this machine make gelato ? 
does the paddle thoroughly scrape the sides of the bowl while churning , or does it leave a thin frozen layer clinging to the sides when done ? 
does it come with a recipe book ? 
will this bed frame disassemble after being put together , or is it like some ikea furniture where some screws , once turned , are stuck forever . 
is this frame made out of particle board , or real wood ? 
is this bed compatible with does it fit together with the sauder palladia cherry select headboard ? 
can i get the same frame for twin 
can i fit both my box spring and mattress on top of this platform and still be compatible with the sauder palladia selet headboard ? 
what is the height of the platform and what are the interior dimensions of the 4 drawers ? thanks . 
about how many regular size cupcakes will this hold ? 
how much space is between the bottom tier and the top tier ? 
do the tiers come apart so you can use them as two separate pieces ? 
will i be able to put a round cake on the top layer without the center post showing ? 
what is the weight of the cake stand for postage 
is it revolving ? 
can i use the lower tier by itself , attach the top handle too ? 
are the clear beads made of glass or plastic ? 
can you separate both tiers and just use the bottom tier ? 
what is the actual size of the cake plates 
dimensions- how many inches across the bottom ? how tall are the sides ? how many quarts will it hold ? 
is this suitable for induction stove ? 
what does `` the helper '' refer to in `` 12 inch skillet with helper ? 
is the skillet base flat . i want to replace mine because the oil does n't evenly cover the bottom of the skillet . it collects around the edges . ty 
is a lid available ? 
just trying to get the grade of stainless steel on this skillet ? . 
where 's the lid ? 
do eggs stick ? 
can this skillet be used in the oven and if it can , how high a temperature can it tolerate ? 
can someone please measure the full length of the skillet , including the handle and the helper handle ? i have a very small oven and want it to fit ! 
what are the outside dimensions of the 2 qt saucepan ? 
help ! i can not find a small camping `` billy pot '' that suits me . so , i 'm considering buying this pan for its quality . can i use this pan in an open fire ? i might remove the handle and install a bail on it for camping use . what ya tnk ? : ) 
will this pan work on induction cooktop ? 
contact surface diameter and depth of pan 
can this pan be used on a ceramic stovetop ? ( does the box indicate what types of stovetops this pan can be used on ? ) 
can you tell me where these are made ? 
what is the depth of the skillet ? 
what 's the inside and the outside diameter of the base ? 
what lid fits this best ? 
how is the diameter measured on this skillet ? is it the narrowest or widest part ? 
it is not clear if it comes with a cover the product detailed information talks about it but its not clear ? 
is this 18 10 stainlessteel 
is the interior surface of this skillet indeed steel ? and , if so , why does a magnet not stick to it ? 
will the 2 qt and 3 qt pans stack ? 
is this pot used for induction heaters ? 
ceramic cooktop 
does the quoted 3.6 lb . shipping weight include the packaging or is that the weight of only the pot ? 
is the 2 quart pan 's cover made of stainless steel too ? 
what are the measurements of the 1.5 and 2 quart saucepan ? 
what are the dimensions of the 2qt pan ? many thanks ! 
where is this made ? thanks ! 
i thought stainless could n't be used on an induction stove but needed to be attracted to a magnet , which stainless is n't ? ? ? 
what 's the difference between this and cuisinart 77-7 ? 
does the lid for the stock pot fit on the skillet ? 
where are these made ? 
do any of the pots come with a steamer insert ? 
is the interior mirror finish ? i 'm looking for something easy to clean 
if the inside bottom is scratched , will the aluminum core be exposed ? is it still safe to use ? 
do any of these sets come so you can stack them easily ? 
will these work on an induction stove . seems to be some confusion . would like an absolute answer . if they wo n't , would be worthless to me . 
are the lids glass ? see through ? 
is it 18 10 
haw does the unit hold up with tap water or filtered water ? 
does this work without the mineral cartridge ? if not , how often does the mineral cartridge need to be replaced ? 
is there feature for warm and cool mist ? 
can the unit be set to turn off on when a certain % of humidity in the air is reached ? 
does the mineral cartridge come with the humidifier when you purchase ? 
what is the difference between evaporative and ultrasonic ? 
what , pray tell is a `` powerful beam of air '' , vornado ? 
is this better than the evaporation model ? 
does this have an automatic turn off ? 
do you leed to buy filters to make it work ? 
is this unit factory ready to operate with standard us current 120 volts ? that is without an external transformer ? 
hello , and thank you . i want to know if i can use butter and coconut oil with the air fryer ? 
where can i buy the basket devider for hd 220 
can you 'fry ' indian fry bread in this ? 
what is the difference between this and a convection oven ? 
can it work under japan voltage ? 
does this one kill the mold ? 
can you use this without the replaceable filters ? the reason i want a machine with a permanent filter is so i do n't have to buy replaceable ones . 
does this work well for reducing fragrance smells in the air ? 
does it have a remote ? 
is there anyplace i can purchase a spare ifd filter ? i would like to keep my unit while ifd is drying . need spare . 
had some issues with resetting the filter status despite filter being washed several times . tried holding `` ok '' button for 5sec but nothing happens . 
does this capture vocs like acetone or abs plastics ? 
i 've done a lot of research on this product , including the honeywell website . why are there so many complaints about `` horrible smells '' by the unit ? 
do you have to run this 3 feet away from the wall , which i 've seen in questions for other purifiers ? is this okay to run in a room that 's 12 x 10 ? 
is this as effective as an air purifer with a hepa filter ? 
has anyone used this to get rid of cigarette smoke ? we live in a townhome and our neighbor smokes in her basement thus stinking up ours as well ! 
does `` optional pre-filter '' mean the cleaner can also work without a pre-filter ? 
airgenius 4 or 5 ? what is germ reduction setting ? 
does it remove smoke 
what is an ionizer 
i know it has auto-shut off , but can it turn-on by itself then off , while i 'm at work ? 
how effective is that if i move this purifier room by room ( a day in each room ) or is it better to keep it all the time in the same room ? 
more than an hour ago i received my air purifier put it to work and when i return to my room smells too ugly is normal ? i think the smell is bad for m 
is the cord a retractable cord ? 
is it worth $ 650 ? 
how often does the hepa filter need to be changed on the calima 
someone said you ca n't attach a power head . how important is it ? i do n't have pets but 2 sets of carpeted stairs . half carpeting , half wood and tile l 
dimensions ? ? ? 
would anyone happen to know if standard size ceramic cups mugs would fit in place of the plastic paper ? or be willing to measure the exact openings ? 
the sections for the sweetener packets ... would tea bags fit sideways ? 
does this hold the 16 oz chinet comfort cup ? 
what size napkins are shown in the caddy ? 
what is the dimension of the napkin side pocket ? i want to know if i can fit cream and sugar canisters as this will be used in a commercial setting . 
is it as big size wise as the keurig or smaller . i dont have a lot of counter space . 
what are the dimensions of just the drawers ? 
what size cups fit ? 
does it fit the costco 120z coffee cups and lids 
`` [ ... ] storage ottomans are great used for extra seating '' . how much weight can it hold as a seat ? 
if i take the top upside down , can it be used as a tray ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what color is this ? 
does this one have wheels 
what are the inside dimensions ? 
is the color black or dark brown ? 
can i easily replace the feet ? 
any chance of getting a swatch ? i have a microfiber chair to match -- camel color . 
i have a camel-colored microfiber easy chair -- am hoping this might match . would you call it classic camel in color , and if it did n't match , what then ? 
are the legs removable ? 
what 's the weight limit ? i have big people in my family and the usual 200 lb . wo n't do . 
what is it made of 
the pic looks like rust which i '' m looking for and want 2. how dark is the brown if it 's brown ? 
i was hoping someone could tell me how easy or hard is this for spot cleaning ? 
how do you wash it ? delicate and dry on low heat ? 
is it vinyl or fabric 
where is this made ? 
is the shower curtain hookless ? 
does this mean the shower curtain is covered entirely with the image of starry night save some ofwhat is missing , in otherwords no bare spots 
is the entire shower curtain van gogh 's starry night or just a portion ? ? ? 
does the metal run through the entire plastic handle ? 
i noticed that these are high carbon steel-not stainless . does this mean that they 're prone to rust & amp ; need to be quickly washed dried like my knives ? 
are they diswasher safe ? 
where is this made ? 
can you wash the [ paper filter 
it will not pick up 
does it work on bare floor ? 
does it have a brush 
what style is it ? because i need to buy a replacement belt for it ? 
how do you get the twist and snap nose to stay ? 
trying to decide between this one and trd0715t looks like the other has a lot of programming , do they both heat th same square footage room ? 
if 1500w is the energy usage on the high setting , what do the two lower settings use ? i 'm worried about blowing a fuse . 
do you think this would be good for an insulated 2 car garage ? 
how safe really are oil filled heaters ? read stories with pictures of them exploding , ruining houses and some injured with the hot oil . how common are these instances ... surprise , surprise ... i rather not be surprised . what is the safest heater ? 
does this heater have to be cured ( run on high for several hours to burn off stuff ? ) 
what is the cost per hour ? 
am i able to leave it on all night ? do i need to turn it off after running several hours ? thank you ! 
what is the average cost of running this heater per month ? - i know it varies , but lets say mid-winter , small room , turned on 50 % of the time ... ? 
does this model have auto-restart after power failure ? thanks 
does it fit in the nespresso pixie ? 
can you tell me is this capsules work with the nespresso model d300 ? 
is it suitable for nescafe dolce gusto coffee machine ? 
i would like to brew pilon coffee which is an espresso ground ( already ground in the package ) ..will this work ok or is it too fine a ground ? 
can you tell me is this capsules work with the nespresso vertuoline 
hi , are these pods compatible with the nespresso essenza manual espresso machine ? 
do the coffeeduck refillable capsules work with the nespresso inissia espresso maker ? 
i have a new nespresso u ... .will they work with it ? ? 
will these work in the de'longhi lattissima plus ? 
compare nepresso to kurik please 
travel mug 
does this have a water reservoir like a keurig does ? if so , how much water does it hold ? 
what is the temperature of your cup of coffee or tea ? 
does the machine use reusable k-cups like ecobrew ? thank you for your response . 
does this item come with the k-cups ? 
does anyone use filters for ground coffee ? the part that comes for use with it seems a bit harder to clean . 
has anyone found reusable filters that fit the my cafe mcu ? we like to use our own coffee , but the loose coffee drawer is not easy to clean btw uses . 
brew tea 
can the discs for tassimo be used in the bunn mcu ? 
my mcu leaks water while brewing . help ? 
do store-bought plastic wraps fit into the box ? 
can this be mounted under a cabinet ? 
has anyone used this with waxed paper or aluminum foil ? 
does the box body made of paper or plastic ? 
can this be hung on a cupboard ? 
where do you put the cutter bar on the box 
can this be used for wax paper and aluminum foil ? 
will this work for aluminum foil ? 
can this be stored in a drawer ? 
is the box made of plastic , metal or cardboard ? 
can cast iron be used to cook on an induction cooktop ? 
is it really 12 inches 
is this king kooker cifp12s pre-seasoned cast iron skillet , 12-inch machined on the inside or is it just the unfinished cast iron ? 
title says king kooker ci21gs 21-inch , description says king kooker 9.25 '' x 15.75 '' , is this with and with out handles ? 
is this griddle for single burner or double burner ? 
does this griddle work on gas stove ? wow durable is this product ? 
can you use on a gas grill 
do you have any problems with juices spilling over and onto stove ? 
how do you keep this pan seasoned since each side comes in contact with a direct flame ? 
what is the length and width ? 
would it work with the 424 colman duel fuel stove 
how wide is it ? 
does it have a lip around it so things do n't fall off ? 
does this have a handle on the lid ? 
is the lid handle a knob or one you can lift with a metal lid lifter ? ? 
does the lid have a lip so that hot coals can be placed on top ? 
what is the inside diameter of this dutch oven , please ? 
what is the dimension of the bottom , if it is as listed it will not fit on my fish cooker ? it appears the bottom is narrower than the top ? 
has anyone tried this on an induction cooktop ? 
how deep is the pot ( not including lid ? can you use this on an electric glass stove top ? 
does the dutch oven lid have a handle ? 
are king kooker products made in the usa ? 
what are the measurements without the handles ? 
what are the dimensions 28 '' x ? 
is this product recommended for glass cooktops ? 
has anyone used this for pancakes and eggs ... and do they stick ? ? need extra oil or grease ? ? 
how much do it weigh ? 
how long is it exactly , including the handles ? 
does this have a drip trough to collect excess grease ? 
can it be used on a camp fire ? 
will it work on an induction stovetop ? 
where can i get a spare silicon gasket like the bialetti models which offer spare parts ? i do not see any spare parts posted in amazon 
where do you put the milk ? 
i am using 2 % milk for my cappuccino , and only get no more then an inch worth of foam ? why ? everything 's clean when i making it . 
what kind of coffee would you use to make a cappucino ? 
where to you put to milk ? 
both of mine functioned well 5 mos . now , one fails , & amp ; i can see no obstruction . any ideas re most likely obstruction remedy ? 
i had a little metal ball in the bottom of my pot , by the coffee grounds , after my 2nd use , and now it does n't work . any suggestions ? 
this would go great in our basement however we have a 32 inch door opening . will the unassembled pieces fit through this door ? 
what are the dimensions of the l sectional and what is the depth of the seat cushions ? 
is this the same couch as asin : b005dc5730 on amazon for ~ $ 75 more ( which includes the ottoman ) ? 
are the pillow on the back of the couch attached , or are they loose ? thank you . 
what are the dimensions of this couch ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
are the shelves 9 inches deep or 9.5 inches deep ? that is critical to know . 
would it be possible to hang these without the back piece and have the wall show through ? 
what is the weight limit for each shelf ? 
from what i understand the vents for the heater are on the top and the bottom . could a wall mount tv be mounted above this unit . 
can the unit be inserted to dry wall ? 
can you flush mount in the wall ? 
what is the sq ft covrage 
what are the dimension of the firebox excluding the bezel ? 
i have an outdoor screened in porch with blinds that is 15'x12 ' . will this heater warm the area on a cool night ? ? 
is this item suitable for outdoors ? will it heat a 250 sq . ft patio with open sides ? 
are the vents located on the front of the unit ? 
is the chalk board side magnetic ? 
where have you bought replacement paper for this easel ? the standard 18 '' paper is too long and i ca n't find the 16 1 2 '' size that it came with . 
how is the quality of the chalk board and dry erase board ? is the easel sturdy and solid ( does it wobble with use ? ) 
how wide is the space ( the dowel ) that the paper roll goes on ? 
hi , it says that this ships to melbourne , australia but when i add to cart and proceed to checkout it says that it can not be shipped to me ? 
why does the description say felt board also ? i do n't see any felt in the pictures . 
where is it made ? 
which replacement paper rolls will fit this easel ? i 'd like to have 1-2 extra on hand . 
how easy is this chalk board to fold up ? thanks ! 
what is length of the interior space ? total length is 27.8 inches , but what is it if you do n't count the frame ? 
could i put my dvd player in the shelf , then could i set my 32 '' flat screen tv on top of the shelf ? 
do these shelves have pre- notched hanger holes on back to hang vertical or horiontal ? 
could i leave the back panel off ? i want one of them to fit around a wall outlet . 
what type of hanging system does it come with ? 
what are these made of ? mdf ? plywood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the size of this product ? dimensions ? 
what is loading weight ? 
this would not be mounted but placed on a tv cabinet . will they hold the weight of a 50 '' tv ? 
i want to buy these canvas as a gift . will the price be reflected when shipped ? 
there 's no way these 3 panels are 12x16 . they look at least 40 '' high . what 's going on ? 
what is the size of the product ? it looks huge in the picture ? 
is this product already on frames ? 
do you have this in the size shown in the photographs . i love the artwork but was looking for the larger size . 
does this bed set also come with the canopy frame or is it just the head and foot board ? want to make sure it will have the four posts to put net on . 
i have a bed frame to hold the mattress , but how do i know it will work with this ? it is a standard metal bed frame ... are they all the same ? 
does this item include a frame to put the mattresses on ? 
can you please list everything that this will come with ? 
i only want to attach the four post canopy to my mattress frame and not use the fancy headboard footboard . can this be done ? 
will this fit a twin bed ? 
how tall are the polls ? 
can you use platform bed frame for a canopy bed ? 
can it be set up w out the canopy extension poles & amp ; top rails ? the ceiling height in the place i want to set it up is only 78 '' high . 
is it possible to expidite shippment i got a canaopy frame was supposed to be full xmas morn tried to put daughters bed together she was devistated 
will this work for ground coffee ? 
will this work for salted mixed nuts ? the unit i have now ( sharperimage ) does n't like salt 
what is the distance from the dispenser to the base 
hey does this work with normal smarties ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
can this item be locked ? 
do these containers come with wheels ? 
what are the inside and outside dimensions of this trunk ? is it waterproof ? 
have a cal king wooden frame that is 75 inch wide . can this slat go that wide and what is the slat thickness of the metal that sit on the side rail that usually is secured bt wood screws ? 
how many of these do i need on a queen size bed 
what is the maximum and min height it can be adjusted too ? 
how much weight can these rails support ? 
if i have just the mattress , will this hold the mattress up or do i need additional slats for support ? 
how do the slats go together ? 
what is the adjustable height range ( floor to boxspring ) ? 
can i just use the end of the slats to sit on the side rails of the frame without having to drill holes ? 
i have a full size wooden bed frame with side rails and a few wood slats . will this product work ? is a board or box spring needed ? 
what is width they will adjust to and height they will adjust to ? how many rails and how many legs do you get ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is this made in china products ? 
can you put them in the oven 
does this perform well on gas stove tops as well ? 
does it have to be hung , or could it also sit on a desk ? 
what kind of wood is this ? is it all solid white or are there striations as it seems in the picture ? 
what are the dimensions in depth , width and length ? 
what are dimensions ? 
what tools do you need for the assembly ? 
what is the width of top shelf ? 
can you really put a printer on that top shelf ? 
hello . do the instructions have information on weight limits ? thanks ! 
do you have to assemble the hutch to the desk ? i do n't need the hutch . 
what are the dimensions of the cpu compartment ? 
what is the width and depth of the area between the file cabinet and shelf unit ? 
are the edges of this desk sharp ? if i had a keyboard on the top of the desk , will my arm feel irritated due to the sharpness of the edges ? 
what is the length on the right side from the back to the front ? i have a tight area and need exact dimensions 
is there enough room for a two monitor setup with this desk while still having a good amount of empty space ? 
there were not cam lock cover on the unit delivered to me . how do you hide cam lock holes ? 
does this desk have a keyboard tray ? i see it in one pic but not the other . thanks ! 
what is the length on the shelf side ? the description is not showing this info thanks 
is back of desk finished ? 
does this desk come with a keyboard tray ? 
is it possible to set this desk up as a left anged desk ( rather than a right as show in the picture ) 
is the grater head detachable ? and would it fit a cordless drill ? 
is there enough space between the blade and the countertop to place a container to catch the grated coconut ? 
how far is the stainless steel blade from the body ? 
is the blade stainless steel ? 
do you make delivery to serbia or only for us countries ? 
can this coconut shredder also grate raw potatoes ? 
is this electrical scrapper ? 
where are they made ? 
these are very pretty . can you tell me how many ounces they hold ? 
what is the capacity of these mugs ? 
are they microwave safe ? 
how wide is this 
what color is the script ? 
can you clarify the color as `` oatmeal '' ? ( does this refer to a lighter color like cream or vanilla , a medium color like almond or beige , or a darker color like burlap ? ) thanks ! = ) 
would this bench work as a coffee table in front of a long off white leather sofa ? 
how comfortable is this bench for sitting ? is it sturdy enough to hold two people 's weight ? 
what is the depth of the inside of the bench ? 
what color are the legs ? 
how deep is the trunk ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
what color are the legs ? it 's hard to tell if they are black or a brown finish . thanks ! 
what retailers carry this product ? 
i just bought 2 of these and realize something : what can this do that a bowl ca n't do ? sure it 's square but there are square ceramic bowls too so why ? 
do you put 1 cup of cold water with la noodles to the microwave ? or do you need to put warm hot water ? 
does `` 2-pack '' mean 2 serarate bowls or 1 bowl that will hold 2 packs of ramen ? 
not sure why this does not have a lid , would the noodles not cook better ? for that i 'm out . 
i like the broth and it sounds like using only 1 cup of water wo n't give me much broth . will this fit the normal two cups without overflowing ? 
is it okay to put a lid or napkin over this while cooking just to prevent splatter ? 
i am planning to travel with these . do they stack well for space saving ? 
is this product made of plastic ? 
do the bowls come packaged separately ? i would like to give two seperately as gifts . 
does the ice shaver blade fit magic bullet mbr-1701 17-piece 
is this different than the `` cross blade '' that comes with the magic bullet ? 
is the blade sharpened or is it blunt ? in the picture it looks sharpened . 
does this blade make ice chips like the ice chips in a sonic cherry limeaide ? 
is this item just the metal blade or is it the whole base with blade ? i am confused my whole bottom base where the blade stands broke i cant find a replacement will this be the whole thing or just the blade itself ? 
i have only used this item about 10 times since purchasing and the last time i used it the rubber locks on the base shaved off and now it does n't work 
does this blade fit mbr 1001 ? 
does it fit mb1001b 
does is blade fit the isablender 
does the nutri bullet base fit the magic bullet ? 
is this chess or checkers ? title says chess , description says checkers.. 
how big are the glasses ? how much does each glass hold ? thanks 
is the set made out of glass ? 
the reviews are saying that the product comes in broken chipped pieces , has this extremely important problem been fixed ? 
how big is the chess board ? 
is it worth spending the extra money on this unit for the pressure cooker feature ? 
does anyone know what the delay settings are ? 
does n't it seem to be a teflon coated pan ? manufacturer : `` platinum in the vessel 's fluorine coating ... '' teflon is made using fluorine . 
does the pressure cooker model cook white rice faster or what is the cooking time for white rice ? 
has anyone tried making steel cut oatmeal in this model ? 
what is the different between this model and hbc10 ? 
made in japan or china manufacturing 
why do they call this device `` pressure cooker ( uncooked ) '' ? what does `` uncooked '' mean here in model name ? thx 
can this be used to make other foods , such as chicken broth ? 
is there a recommended minimum amount of rice that you can cook ? what is the smallest amount that you have cooked and have been happy with ? 
what 's the voltage of this rice cooker ? 
hi . the lid is hard to open and close after cooking the rice . is this normal ? 
can it slow cook other food items like a stew or a roast ? 
do you have a 220 volt rice cooker similar to the np-nvc18 ? 
can you cook quinoa in it ? 
what happens if the seal ring gives out ? do they sell a replacement ring or can a general pressure cooker ring be used with the same results ? 
what 's the difference betweent he induction one and the non induction zojirushi products ? 
i like to cook a recipe with rice , beans , fried onions and spices . assuming i fry the onions first , will i be able to make that dish in this cooker ? 
does this have auto clean function ? 
can i buy this rice cooker with voltage use in france 220 or 240v ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these still made in japan ? 
does it comes with a spoon , like bento lunch jar ? 
where do i get the soft case to put a 4 tier box into ? 
what is the best way to keep food cold ? ice pak , ice ? thank you 
is the inside of the container plastic or stainless steel ? 
why are these plastic containers not microwave safe 
how long does the food stay cool or hot ? 
where is it made 
does anyone know if the containers can be microwaved ? the office website says they ca n't , but the amazon description says they can ? 
just bought this , and notice the iron rest has 2 rubber strips to stabilize the iron . but i wonder : can these strips withstand the heat from an iron ? 
where was it manufactured ? 
when folded , what is the thickness ? 
what is the length ( height ) and depth of the unit when folded for storage ? 
is the iron rest removable ( so the square end can be used for ironing ) ? 
where can i get a new ironing board cover for this model ? 
is this 18 10 stainless steel ? 
is the mesh fine enough to use this to rinse quinoa without the seeds falling through the mesh ? 
would this work as a reusable alternative to cheesecloth for straining homemade broth ? 
could this work to sift flour ? 
how deep is the bowl part of the strainer ? 
how long is this from end to end including the hook at the end ? 
would this work well for straining fresh milk ? 
is the mesh as well as the handle and perimeter stainless steel ? in other words , is the entire strainer stainless steel , including the mesh ? 
how deep is the bowl ? will it hold 12 oz of pasta ? 
who makes this and where is it made ? 
is this bookcase as flimsy as everyone says it is ? 
how many books can this bookcase hold ? thanks . 
where can i purchase additional shelves for the bookcase ? 
can extra shelves be added ? thanks 
how much weight this bookcase ? thanks 
what are the dimensions of this item 
does this unit have warmer after popping to keep it warm ? 
can you tell me what the kettle measures across ? i 'm guessing 8 inches ? 
what is the pop corn capacity ? 
what is the wattage on this ft824pp popper 
will this replacement pump work with a dispenser that is mounted into my granite countertop ? the current ones that i have are very cheap ? thank you . 
what is the diameter of the base ( the part that screws onto the bottle ) ? 
will this work on a longaberger soap container ? 
how tall long is this ? trying to make my own soap dispenser out of a jack daniels bottle . need something long enough to go all the way to the bottom 
is this compatible with umbra joey soap dispenser ? 
is the screw-on top of this pump threaded all the way to the bottom ( open ) end ? my soap container has a short 'neck ' and only a couple of threads ... 
how long is the tube ? i want to use this with a jack daniel 's bottle . 
what is the diameter of the tube ? i want to attach a long hose directly to bottle . 
how does this compare to the flex edge beater ? has anyone tried both and found a favorite ? 
i received mine , but it does n't attach to the mixer - i ca n't push it up far enough to attach to my mixer . any suggestions ? 
the model number of my artisan mixer is ksm155gbsr . this will not fit mine ? 
how much of a pain is it to clean ? 
will this sideswipe fit my ksm90 tilt-head mixer ? 
will this fit kitchenaid pro kv25g0xcu 
i have model # ksm75 wh , will this beater fit it ? 
i need to know if this attachment will work when i pour boiling syrup over egg whites to make divinity candy . i used metal beaters in past . 
does this fit a kitchenaid k4-b ? 
will this fit kitchenaid ksm155gbeb ? 
can you fill with melted chocolate to cool in ? 
is this flexible and durable enough to use a soap mold ? 
is this a soft tray that i can push on to demold without cracking the tray ? or is it hard and will break with pressure ? 
i 'm having a tough time figuring out how to calculate my bmi with this scale . can anyone help me out ? 
has anyone else had issues getting the wahoo scale to connect with myfitnesspal ? 
does it track other health metrics such as bone mass , lean mass , body fat , water weight ? if not ; available in next version of product ? 
does it work with fitbit 
scale was working fine till i synced it with my welness app . it now shows different weights every time i get on it . am i doing sth wrong ? 
will this sync with android phone ? 
is it firm ? medium ? or soft ? 
how long does it usually take for the strong smell to go away ? just a day or two ? 
is it good for side sleepers ? 
is seems like theres huge rolls all across the pillowtop part . is there anyway to smooth this out ? 
in which country is this mattress being manufactured ? 
does this need box springs also ? 
80 by 60. are dimensions wrong as fulls are 54 by 75 ? 
does someone need to be home to receive this package once shipped ? how large is the package ? 
does this come with a box spring ? 
i bought a 10 inch mattress and so far it is only 8 inches thick . my question is , does it expand to 10 inches within 48 hours ? 
does this stay linked to iphone by bluetooth when they are within range or does it disconnect after recording weight . worried about battery drain . 
where can i see an example of the iphone 4s 's record of daily weights ? 
does this work with the samsung galaxy s5 
is n't bmi a simple function of weight and height ? you need a calculator for that like they need an ibm computer to track golf scores . 
what apps will this upload to ? 
can numerous people use it with links to their own phones apps ? i am looking to use it at work for about 40 people and a wellness weight loss challenge . it would be nice if their information would link with their phone app when they get on the scale . 
thanks for the answer . to continue . after you are standing on it and it turns off , can you turn it back on with the phone ? 
i am thinking of using this for another application . what happens if a weight is constantly on it ? can i turn it on with my android iphone ? 
does this support iphone 4 ans 4s as well ? 
does this acutally support android ? the title indicates it , but nowhere in the description or website do they mention it . 
what is the difference between the regular soda stream and soda stream dynamo lx ? 
are the bottles glass or plastic ? 
can you use any kind of juice instead of syrup , ex bottled cranberry juice ? 
does the dynamo have the snap-lock bottle mechanism , or is it screw on ? i 'm thinking the snap-lock would be most convenient ? screw on hard to use ? 
how tall is it ? i want to make sure it fits under my cabinets 
my unit recommends 2 short spurts of carbonation . it is n't enough so i tried using more but still is n't right . i do n't feel l am doing it right 
does empire depot sell sodastream products that are covered by sodastream warranty ? according to sodastream is `` no '' . i 'm stuck with a defective unit 
does it taste the same as pelligrino ? 
how do you remove the co2 canniter so i can replace it ? 
what flavors of syrup come with the dynamo lx deluxe mega pack ? 
what kind of water should you use ? spring , distilled , tap ? 
i just got this and it turns off constantly , about every 15 minutes . the tank is full . anyone experienced this and if so was there a solution ? 
how do you clean the unit ? is it difficult to keep clean ? 
does it have a reading device ( humistat ? ) to determine humidity level ? 
does it come with the remote control ? 
can you use essential oils in this humidifier ? 
does this unit turn off automatically if it runs out of water or does it just beep ? 
how do i turn off all the beeping sounds ? 
what are the dimensions of the objecto hc12w ? 
hi , can you answer me ? i buyed one , but i dont know if it suitable 220v voltage ? 
thedimensions of unit 
how can i get the directions for using the luma hcw10b . i can not find mine 
is there a way to deactivate the beep mechanism ? that portion of my humidifier is malfunctioning ( a refurbished unit ) and beeps when it should not . 
if i set this to keep a room at 50 % humidity will it turn on automatically when it drops below that then off when that % is reached ? 
for what size of room does this work . 
is this one quiet ? 
how does it work ? 
can i set this to 80 % humidity ? what is the max humidity setting ? 
can you fill this from the top ? elderly witharthritis and can not lift heavy tanks 
does it use filters 
is this unti safe for toddlers ? hot to the touch ? 
can you use this just as an air purifier , without the heat function running ? 
my heater seems like it runs constantly , the first night it came on & amp ; off automatically . not sure why it 's not still working that way ? 
what are the dimensions of this hutch ? 
hi , wondering what sort of weight does this bear as in heavy magazine collection etc ... ? thanks ! 
what are dimensions inside the cabinet ( not of the entire hutch ) ? 
is this item made out of solid wood or mdf or is it a combination ? the product description does not say . 
the title says black and the description says white . what color is it ? and do you carry black ? 
does this have to be hung- or could it sit on a desk ? 
this product arrived without a instruction for how to put things together . anyone else had this issue ? 
how deep are the compartments inside ? can they hold al least a standard size text book ? 
does this desk come with the floating shelf above it ? 
does it come with the mounting supplies or will i need to purchase that separately 
how much does it weigh ? 
what is the maximum spacing of studs required to safely hang this ? is there an alternate method to hang it if studs are not accessible ? 
how much weight can it hold ? i was thinking of putting a tv on it with my wii and ps3 on it too . 
can someone post a picture of the rail system please ? i am trying to see if i can find a way to attach the rail system to a concrete wall . 
what is the depth of the desk ? 
what is the width ? east to west ? 
i 'm interested in mounting this desk at standing height . do you think it would be able to support two monitors and my arm weight from standing ? 
i have walls that are painted in a `` flat '' coat - the kind that does not reflect light . has anyone tried to apply this on a flat coat painted wall ? 
can i get this mirrored ? 
i was thinking of doing the lavender and white flowers with the darker brown tree . will the white flowers cover the brown when layering ? 
i wonder if you can mail me a couple of sample flowers and i want to try them on my orange peel wall . it works shown in the 4th pic on the left . 
what is the color of this item , pink or purple ? and how many pieces ? 
i want a smooshy down pillow i can bunch up under my neck , will this do ? i do n't want a firm down pillow . 
if i find this to have too much stuffing , can i easily remove some of it ? it does n't look like there is a zipper or anything in the picture . 
are people finding that these last a long time ? 
someone commented that the size was not standard size . are these pillows able to fit in a normal size pillow case or are they smaller ? 
is this 100 % goose down ? ? ? i also need to ''squash '' it directly in the middle to make like a pouch ? 
it says the pillow is 80 % down . what is the rest of th filling made of ? 
what % is down , what % is feather ? 
since i sleep on my stomach with my arms under my pillow , i am looking for something that is very thin - would this fit that description ? 
what is the threat count of the covering ? there are conflicting answers regarding down percentage -- is this 100 % down or less ? 
hello . how many inches is pillow with head weight on it ? im a side sleeper and need 3 to 4 inches . thank you . 
after fitting the lids on and filling cap with water , do you place the small plastic lid back on tight ? if so , does n't this trap the gas in the jar ? 
how s the rubber plug secured in the cap ? is it secure or just squeeze in there ? 
where can i get recipes ? 
how do i know if this will fit my jar ? i have a 1 gallon jar with screw cap , but have no idea if this will fit or not . 
does the kraut kap fit the standard ball wide mouth 1 2 gal jar ? 
how do i use these ? i got these but have no instructions ! 
will the kraut kap fit on the 21 2 anchor gallon anchor hocking glass jar ? 
are all your plastic mason jar lids and silicone seal the same , except for the airlock ? ( one for kefir , fermented vegetables , and storage 
are all parts of the lid supplied or do you need to have a band , which is not provided ? 
do you fill the jar up completely with the kraut kap , or do you leave space as you would without one ? 
does this comforter `` thick '' enough for winter ? i mena thicker than blanket ? thanks 
is there a double size one ? 
is this comforter reversible ? 
does this come with a pillow sham or bedskirt ? 
as measured dimenciones packaging package delivery or mattel 64-inch by 86-inch microfiber comforter , monster high ghouls rule , twin 
is this actually microfiber or is it the same comforter they sell at target ? 
do sheets come with the comforter ? 
does pillow case included as well or only sheets ? thanks 
how deep ? 
how deep is this pie plate ? 
where are these made ? 
what is the outside width of this pie plate ? 
does the pie dish slant on the sides ? is there a slight tilt ? 
how deep are these pie plates ? 
what type of glass are these made of : borosilicate , soda lime , or something else entirely ? 
how deep is it ? 
is this dual voltage ? 110-220v ? 
interior and basket is what kind of metal ? 
22 i bought the goods , but there is no power plug , can you tell me how to deal with ? 
does this fryer have a non-stick interior ? 
does this model have a reverse button ? 
how do i make salsa with this ? do n't know how to turn off the juice extraction so the pulp and juice come out ofone outlet . i tries closing the tab . 
is the juice obtained pulp free ? i really hate pulp and was wondering if this machine will work for me . 
what 's the difference between the omega vrt 330 versus the omega vrt 350 ? 
can you use it with one hand ? 
is this 220v ? 
is this juicer good for making juice from pomegranates ? 
can you crush ice ( as in making smoothies ) with this juicer ? ? 
does this juicer come with containers to collect juice and pulp ? 
can you put these in the oven ? 
do these nest with the lids on ? 
are they truely airtight and spill proof ? 
what are the dimensions of the containers , including depth , please ? 
are these freezer safe ? 
are the lids also made of glass ? 
can you freeze in these containers ? 
the title says `` oven safe '' ; but the product description only specifies `` safe for microwave cooking '' . is the glass tempered for oven use ? 
what is the durabel silicone seal ? i that a patented technology or did you misspell durable ? 
are any of the lids interchangeable ( i.e . does one of the pot lids fit a skillet pan ) ? 
does it really has chemical smell ? 
is this hard anodized cookware ? 
are these made by all-clad ? it does not say in the title or description . 
feb 2015 ; often weight of cookware changes over the years ; cost-cutting measures , company acquisitions ? cookware same weight now ? 
can this be used withy a heat induction base ? 
are these induction ready ? 
what are the sizes of each piece of cookware ? 
are these pfoa free ? 
is it pfoa and ptfe free 
are the seat cushions removable , and are they fabric on the other side ? 
i want to ask people who have had this sofa set for more than a year i have read a few comments about the frame being made by cheap material ( i know that at this price you can not be too picky ) but i do n't want to spend money in something that will only ... 
we do not want a beige color . is this more grey than beige tan ? what is the true color ? 
size of sofa , loveseat , need to fit in small room 
is there anyway to buy just the loveseat ? 
how many throw pillows does the sofa and loveseat come with ? 
whats the size of pillows ? do you think 17 '' cover would fit it , in case i want a different pattern ? 
do they deliver to your door ? and will the delivery people be able to take my existing sofas out upon delivery ? 
are the pillows included ? 
how much fruit do you need to use for each dessert ? thanks ! 
please compare contrast the fro frutti vs. dessert bullet vs. yonanas . 
how does this compare with yonanas ? i 'm trying to figure out which is better . 
do you have to use bananas or are their recipes without them ? 
can you make ice cream in it ? 
im from uk if i bought this item would it work in uk 's voltage ? 
what is the wattage of this unit ? ? 
can you use frozen yogurt or ice cream with the fruit when processing ? grandkids may not like all fruit at first 
how much would it cost to send to uk ? how much is it in english & pound ; ? would i have to pay import charge ? would 1 banana be enough for a dessert or wou 
how do i clean it ? mine was sealed in the box but had no instructions enclosed . 
are the back cushions fixed attached or loose ? 
does the sofa include the ottoman ? 
how many packages does this ( 2 pce ) set come in ? i ask because i have a small doorway opening ( 25 '' ) and am wondering if this set can get through . 
does it have to be assembled 
does the end of the chaise bounce up when you sit down ? 
on a scale of 1-5 where 1 being soft and 5 being firm how does this sit ? thank-you . 
can you tell me who si the mesure of thais sofa 
i would like to know the overall length of the sofa from arm to arm as well as the length of the chaise . 
can you get it with the chaise on the right side looking at the sofa ? 
what are the dimensions of this couch ... .ie . length , width , hight etc.. ? ? ? 
how long is the two seat sectional ( in total ) ? i 'm limited to a 96 '' space . 
you answered one question that the 2 seat sofa is 116 '' and another was answered 90 '' the site says 96 '' so , how long is the 2 seat inc chaise ? 
how much space is between the floor and the bottom of the sofa ? i have a kitty that has torn holes in the bottom of sofas before ! 
is the chaise one piece or can it be moved to the other side ? 
how deep are the seats in terms of sitting space ? in other words , what 's the distance from the edge of the seat to the front of the back cushion ? 
is there any storage in the chaise part ? 
do you have to attach the chaise piece ? or can you leave it free standing ? 
what are the dimensions of the chaise ? how far out does it extend ? 
is this a love seat + chaise ? i ca n't tell if it is 2 seat + chaise or 3 seat + end square to make it a chaise 
what are the dimensions of the two seat sofa ? 
does the chaise piece adhere to the couch , or is it more like a moveable ottoman ? 
are the seat and back cushions removable ? can the cushion covers be removed for cleaning ? 
can you switch sides of the chaise after it 's assembled , if you want to rearrange furniture ? like if i wanted to change it from left to right is that possible ? or once it is assembled is it stuck on that side for good ? also are the cushions reversible ? ... 
what are the dimensions after assembly ? 
what is the density of the foam cushioning ? 
regarding the chemical smell ... .does it go away after a while ? how long ? 
can you order just the chaise piece ? if so how much and what are the dimensions ? 
is there any way to get a fabric sample sent to us ? 
are the pillows included on the sofa and the price ? 
is the chaise reversible ? it seems that it didnt specify if it was a left or right facing chaise . 
does it come in queen size 
what is the weight limit 
can you get this in a full size ? 
it is hard to tell from looking at the photo . will loose tea leaves get stuck inside the strainer along the circular side while rinsing them clean ? 
where are these made ? 
can you rinse quinoa with these strainers without losing any ? 
are these strainers good for rinsing chia seeds ? i just want to make sure they do n't fall through like the metal strainers i 've already tried . 
is the mesh the same in all three , or does it get finer as they get smaller ? 
are these bpa free ? thanks ! 
does this work to make greek yogurt , i.e . drain whey from regular yogurt ? 
is it 7 inches from side to side of the bowl , or 7 inches including handle length ? want colander size plastic mesh strainer , 10 inches across bowl . 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
is this as sticky as contact paper ? i want something for my kitchen wall that i can remove without too much effort later on if i want . 
has anyone tried adhering to a wall vs. shelf or drawer ? wondering if i could get away w a less expensive way to redo a small laundry area we have . 
how many feet is on a roll 
how is it is to clean and is the paper durable ? 
does the collins graphite match at the sides like wallpaper does ? i want to use something that matches at the sides and is in a gray white black colors . 
can anyone tell me if this two pack means we get 2 rolls of 18 '' by120 '' ? i am trying to figure out how many rolls i need to order for what i am doing . 
how easy is it to remove ? or is it removable ? 
is this liner easy to remove ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what is height and width ? 
i want to use these as chocolate molds slice off the top and put candy brains in them . do you think they would work for this use ? 
hello , i would like top buy 6 of these . can we arrange a different shipping then $ 10.22 ? 
what are the dimensions of the skull ? 
hi , would these molds work for a sugar skull project ? thanks for your quick response ! 
does the mold come with the back too ? 
how do you get them together with out everything falling out ? 
what size diameter are these ? aprox . 
do two come in the pack or do you need to purchase another and put the two together to make a spherical bath bomb ? 
how to bottle after the fermentation ? i do not see a spigot , but only a ball valve . it is impossible to bottle through the ball valve . 
does the built thermometer interfere with a copper wort chiller ? or can the chiller go in without a problem ? 
are better assembly instructions available ? i ca n't seem to get rid of a leak between the ball valve and the outer nut . 
what size hose - id od - do i need ? 
how many inches high is the probe for the thermometer or how many gallons of liquid does it take to cover the probe completely ? 
does the kettle have predrilled hole ? i just received one with no predrilled holes . 
how tall is this unit ( in inches ) i want to make sure it will fit on my stovetop under my hood fan . 
is this made in the usa ? 
what is the size of the pre-drilled hole for the thermometer ? i 'd love to add a weldless bulkhead fitting and a thermowell for a probe instead ... 
what is the diameter of the kettle ? 
i have a cool mist vick 's machine and it 's full of black mold in areas i ca n't get to . does this come apart completely for cleaning ? 
can this be refilled by dumping a bucket of water in the top , or do i have to take the tank off first ? thank you . 
is it safe to use tap tap water with this product and if yes ... is it ok to use a protek cartridge in the tank ? 
can not find manuel . does this unit have a filter ? unit just quit misting after a month . 
what causes a white powdery film to for on everything ? 
hi , what is the size of the water tank ? thanks 
is it safe to use essential oils in this humidifier ? i want an aromatherapy diffuser , but want to know if all ultrasonic humidifiers can use oils ? 
can i use with 220v 
is this noisy . it will be on night stand next to where i sleep . cant handle a humming noise . cant decide between this or crane drop 
what difference does `` ultrasonic '' make ? 
what is the difference between the d121-us-bk-ne1 and the c120 ? 
is the milk frother removable ? i 'd like to leave in the refrigerator when not in use . thanks 
are espresso and cappuccino the same ? 
does this come with any pods ? 
can you brew cold drinks with this ? i 'm a starbucks iced coffee lover and do n't want to add ice to hot coffee . i also love lattes . thanks ! 
does this only work with capsules or also ground espresso , and is the milk frother a separte device ? 
noise 
how long difficult is the cleanup process for the machine and the frother ? 
is there a storage area for the extra whisk , when it is not being used ? 
can i just make a regular cup of coffee ( as we do in our kureig ) using the same types of pods i would use for espresso lattes ? 
does this fit over your shoulder to carry 
it is described as being 5.2 inches wide , but one of these answers says it is only 3 inches wide . which one is it ? 
is it foldable , portable ? 
what are the measurements 
how large is the front pocket ? thanks . 
how does it close ? does it have a zipper . 
gift mailed 
kind of fabric and does it have zipper ? 
how is anyone supposed to get the color to match their outdoor furniture ? ca n't buy without knowing what color i 'm getting . 
is it vinyl or cloth ? 
how do you know what color you will be ordering , there is not an option . 
is it zippered ? 
what are the dimensions of thr jars ? 
did you mount it to a wall ? was it easy ? 
what are the spices included ? 
would this be a good rack for essential oils ? 
do you sell this without the spieces ? 
how many ounces do the jars hold ? 
does it comes with the jars only ? or the wooden box also ? please let me know soon is for my moms birthday 
do the square lids come off ? do they unscrew ? if they do n't come off , how do you fill the jars with spices ? 
how well will this work on an adjustable bed frame ? need answer asap 
we have a split king ( 2 twin xl bases & amp ; mattresses ) comfort select beds . can i use this mattress on my base ? 
what are the dimension of this bed ? 
is the pillowcase the plain pink or the one with the princesses 
does this comforter wash well or does it bunch up after washing ? 
does it include the flat sheet ? 
is the material cotton ? 
how many watts does this have ? 
will this chop baby carrots ? celery ? thanks . 
how many bowls does this product come with ? is it 3 or 4 in all ? 
would this be good to make baby food ? do the extra bowls have lids to keep in the fridge ? 
how many sets of blades come with this ? 
i would also like to know how i can just buy the bowls - already have the chopper . 
would this towel be suitable as a beach towel ? 
why does the title say this is 70 inches , but the product details make no sense ! ! ? ? 
are these towels absorbent ? also absorbent after numerous washingg ? 
do they really fall apart ? 
hello - i would like to order an orange funnel . do you have that in stock ? 
how wide is the funnel ? how much does the bottom of the funnel stick out when it is collapsed ? 
is there any way to specify color ? my son would really like a blue one . 
are the funnels 100 % silicone ? 
would this fit a full size bottom bunk 
do the pillow cases come with this comforter ? 
this is just the comforter or this come with some pillowcase ? and if i want the comforter and sheets set , how much this is it cost ? thanks 
do the sheets match the comforter ? the comforter looks like its purple , but the sheets and pillow cases look pink.i want them to match 
this is just the comforter o the whole set with the comforter and sheets set included ? 
where are these made ? 
what is the height of the cup ? ( i have 4 inch demitasse spoons ) . 
what country manufactures this ? 
will these cups work well with keurig ? 
will they hold 3.7 oz ? 
can cup and saucer sets stack on top of each other ? 
how tall are the cups ? 
does this blanket fit a full size bed ? 
where can we buy the pillow cases ? 
is this just a blanket or does it come with pillow cases ? 
is the entire rod plastic ? 
is there a seam or bump in the middle ? 
do the brackets screw into the wall ? and do the plastic brackets break easily ? 
is it adjustable ? 
my tub wall width is 51 '' . will this fit ? also , will it rust over time ? 
is this a tension rod ? 
does it come with mounting hardware ? if so , what kind of mount is it ? will it fit in a bathtub that is 58 '' wide ? 
i see reviews are good , but still hesitant . is there anything `` sloppy '' looking about these , or do they also have the appearance of a quality product ? 
what is is the seat diameter on the big one ? 
is there some sort of lip on the bottom of the lid to keep it from slipping off the base ? 
how tall is unit 
can a fitted bottom sheet be used fitted ? 
do you use regular full size sheets on a full size air bed ? thanks 
can you stop inflation of the mattress before the default inflation ? so it 's softer ? 
i am looking for a primary bed . after the time that has passed would you still recommend this as a primary bed ? thanks ! 
does this mattress make noise when you move around on it . i currently have a coleman air mattress that make a lot of noise when moving around on it . 
will this sleep two adults 
how many times a day you need to fill air ? this one needs three times a day . i have one with other manufacturer that requires once a week only . 
would this mattress work on the frame for a full size fold out couch 
does it have a smell ? thanks , kitty 
would you recommend this air bed for camping ? does it deflate quickly for packing ? 
are the slots wide enough for trendy wide bill baseball caps ? 
can you hang this on a wall ? 
how wide are the door hooks on this ? the door i plan to hang it on is 1 and 3 4 of an inch thick . any help would be greatly appreciated ! 
twin mean it 's for a double bed . i 'm looking for a duvet or comforter set for a double bed . 
does the set come with a bed skirt 
so this set will include twin size fitted sheet , flat sheet , 1 or 2 pillow case and 1 comforter ? 
does this come with pillow case 
has anyone tried this on a kayser whip cream siphon ? 
does this work with co2 siphon , too 
would like to know if this will fit a cafe creme whip cream dispenser ? ? thank you 
will this work with a mosa dispenser ? thanks . 
major price differences in these cooking systems . why is one $ 99 and the other $ 171 ... with apparently no difference in capabilities or size . 
what 's the difference between the mc700 , mc701 , mc702 , etc . ? 
what is the condition of the product ? new , rebuilt , used , ? ? ? 
does the pot have a non stick chemical coating or is it ceramic ? 
can youadjust the temperature manually or are there just `` settings , '' like on a crock pot ? 
can the ninja cooking system bake breads and rolls ? 
can you cook rice in this system ? 
does it come with a cook book and if so how many recipes ? thanks . 
can i make soup in this ? new to this looking for something convenient with multiple uses but wont dry out my food since i don ' have a stove in my dorm 
can you boil water in this ? 
does any part of plastic come in contact with the coffee 
does it have the stop drip function ? 
does it have the stop drip function ? 
what is the voltage required 110 or 220 ? 
does anyone have any experiece with technivorm coffee makers at high altitude ? 
does this machine come with glass carafe or thermos ? the title says `` thermo carafe '' but in the description it says it is a glass carafe . i am looking for one with a glass carafe . 
can this be programmed to start at a specific time . if not , is there a similar model that does ? 
what coffee maker and carafe am i purchasing here ? the title says thermo carafe , but the description says red metallic coffee maker with glass carafe 
is the glass transparent ( see through ) or opaque ( you can not see what is inside ) ? 
do you know if this fits in most cupholders ? 
i want to purchase a case of these - how much would it be ? 
is this made in the usa ? bpa free ? 
several review on leaking within the glass , what 's the problem ? 
do you have to take the lid off to drink from it ? or how is it a sippy cup ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
how many oz in the $ 22 sippi wine cup ? 
does it make cappuccino ? 
does it light up like the pixie ? 
are the parts dishwasher safe ? 
do any of you owners want a hot cup of expresso ? just received citiz , had 2 cups from it and i really wish it were hotter . 
is it made in china or switzerland ? 
you can use one of a few volts of electrical code ? 110v or 220v 
does this machine come with any of the espresso pods ? 
why is there a proposition 65 warning for nespresso citiz d111 ? 
does this machine can work in china at 220v 
what 's the difference between the cfo-1000 and the cfo-3ss 
can you purchase more serving cups ? if so , how many more ? are they better served for sauces , as they look small ? 
does this make sense if you 're usually only making fondue for two people ? or is it inconveniently large ? 
is it detachable from the base ? 
how do you clean the pot ? it does not seem to come out of the frame . 
are the pot and stand one unit , or detachable ? 
i just bought this and have some concerns about the 'non-stick interior ' - is it teflon ? because that is toxic at high temperatures ... thanksinadvance 
what is the highest temperature ? 
how long is the electrical cord ? thanks ! 
is there any additional pieces you can buy , such as removable pot inserts for multiple courses without having to wash the main pot ? also , where can you buy additional serving dishes ? 
the handles look a bit slender . do the knives feel clumsy or awkward in very large hands ? thanks to all for the help . 
do you feel that the carving knife is long enough ? or do you generally have to use a longer with bigger pieces of meat ? 
can i purchase 4 additional knives separately ? would they fit into the presentation box ? 
are these the same knives as in the 8 pc . set ? 
are these knives made in germany or are they made in china ? 
are they rated higher than the hinckel set for $ 89 ? 
are these forged ? 
does this model ( hf 708 ) also have the nano silver easy to maintain filter ? 
is it quite ? 
is the fan loud ? 
will the mist create wetness to floor and or furniture ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
does anyone know how well the ionizer works ? is it noticable or not ? not much info on the ionizer , any feedback there will be apreciated . 
does teh fan and teh mist stop when teh correct humidity level is reached or just the mist ? 
how many watts does it produce . 
what is the difference between a whole room heater and space heater ? 
i need a very quiet heater for a room where a microphone is used . how quiet is this heater ? 
does this have a remote control 
can this be used as a regular fan without heat ? 
does it need a grounded outlet ? my home is old . 
had my heater on one evening and the next morning it would n't turn on . anyone else have this problem they fixed or is this a defect ? 
is it cool to the touch 
how tall is it 
can you put them in the oven and if so what is the max temperature 
is this `` non stick '' stuff teflon ? i 'm looking for something that 's plain anodized aluminum . 
can you use metal utensils in these pans without scratching the surface ? 
are they safe for both electric and gas stoves 
what us the warrenty 
this cookware set 14 pieces un brings spaghetti strainer ? 
do these pots and pans have the silver looking bottoms 
are the covers made of glass ? 
what is the difference between classic ( 68 ) and `` chef 's '' classic ( 66 ) ? 
do they slide too easily on a gas range with iron grates ? i do n't like pans that move around when you are stirring stuff inside the pan . 
has anyone used it to drain cooked ground beef ? 
is the bowl flat or does it have small legs that lift it up off counter ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this strainer set microwave safe ? 
are these fans made of metal or plastic ? i thought i saw screws on the side which would imply a sturdier metal frame which is what i desire . 
is this a quiet fan ? on a scale of 1-10 , where 1 is `` oh dear , is it on ? '' and 10 is `` i ca n't hear the person next to me and this is disruptive '' , how would you rate it ? i am having wedding in a poorly air conditioned venue , and wanted to grab a couple of ... 
could i plug it into an ac adapter that i have ? 
how long is the cable ? my tower is under my desk 
does this come with an ac adapter ? 
can i order a specific color ? 
where is this fan made ? 
how many fans are in a box ? 
how do i go about having it framed and shipped to 77008 ? and what will the additional cost be ? 
i want to make sure that each of the three pieces are 36x54 and that they are delivered framed ? 
how do you specifically request for the art to be made ready to hang and pre-framed ? or is this the default option now ? 
from the picture , the painting is not actually 36x54 , but rather 3 paintings each one 36 x 18 , correct ? 
will this painting be framed ? ? 
how much extra will it be to have painting framed and shipped to 39350 zip code 
what is the cover ( seat ) made out of if specified on the box or label under the seat ? 
is this chair good enough for childrens ? 
what are the maximum and minimum heights this adjusts to ? 
do the casters lock ? 
is this a chair good enough for 5'2 '' tall person ? 
where is this chair made ? 
can you ship to hawaii via usps ? if so , what would be the cost ? 
does this chair have a tilt feature ? 
do you ship it to brazil ? what is the package dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this slate cheese board ? 
does this have non slip feet 
has anyone recently ( 2014 ) purchased this item ? is the packaging any better ? 
most of the reviews say it was received broken . could you package it better ? i 'm very interested but i do n't want it if it is broken . 
can you slice or cut cheese on this surface ? 
does this come with chalk ? 
what is the color of the legs ? 
is the seat constructed of springs , or is it padded wood ? 
are the legs on this chair black or espresso ? 
do the white chairs get dingy looking ? does the `` leather '' stain or crack over time ? 
good evening . what the shipping dimentions is ? thank you 
does the leatherette hold up ( no cracking ) and is the seat still firm after time ( not sunkened ) ? 
how can these chairs be cleaned ? any special instructions ? 
has anyone used the surefit slipcovers with these chairs ? do they fit well ? 
i need to know if these chairs are frost white or cream white ? 
are these chairs very stable ? heavy ? 
how is the back support 
what is color and wood type of the legs on these chairs ? 
hi all , i need a chair that is 20 inches from ground to seat . can anyone measure their chair for me ? thanks ! ! kd 
are the legs of the chair dark brown or black on the black chairs ? 
we received our 2 chairs today but one leg on one chair is missing the little tab on the bottom of the leg . what do we do ? it wo n't sit evenly now . 
is this chair sold in counter height ? 
what is the sitting height ? 
are these chairs brand new ? is there a warranty on them ? 
are the legs black ? they look gray in the photo . 
are these pillows considered soft , medium or firm ? 
can you purchase this pillow individully ? not a 2 pack ? ? 
country of origin ? 
do these pillows have feathers that poke through the cover and become annoying ? 
what fabric 100 % stops feathers ? 200 thread ( with guarantee ) count does not . 500tc ? 1000tc ? ticking ? please help . thank you ! 
can we get standard size pillows 
when will you have these back in stock in queen size ? 
how does the pillow tag identify the filling ? does the tag state that the filling is `` goose down '' , '' down '' , `` white down '' or something else ? 
are these available anywhere in queen size ? king size pillows wo n't fit my bed or pillowcases but these look amazing otherwise . 
did these pillows come with removable covers that can be washed ? 
i have one like this or very similar . does the base of yours get very hot on the outside ? just want to know if it 's still safe . love it otherwise ! 
does this have a heating coil that needs to be soaked in vinegar for cleaning ? 
does this need replacement filters or bulbs ? 
do you clean it in the dishwasher every single day ? ? 
i have a private well so have minerals that build up . does anyone know if it 's hard to get that off ? 
this is my second day using this humidifier , and it leaked on the floor . is it me or the humidifier ? 
mine has worked fine , but my husband ran into it , knocked it down , and the water case cracked . can i buy just one part ? 
the photo for this and the sunbeam warm mist humidifier swm6008-cn are exactly the same but get different reviews . anyone know what the difference is ? 
is this easy to fill ? i am looking for a top fill one ... i fill my current one and when flipping it to get in the base , it spills all over . may just be me , but i hate that ! 
does this have an auto turn off when it gets empty ? 
how tall are the containers ? i want to ensure that the tall ones wo n't be too tall for my shelves . 
what is the base made of ? is it a plastic ? 
what are the container sizes 
what is the width of each canister ? i saw someone answered what is the height , but for the sake of determining how many to buy for the space i have . 
are all the lids the same size ? 
does this also make slices like a mandoline would ? or does it just spiral ? 
will it slice apples to 1 4 '' thickness in pieces and not spiral ? 
is this the same as the paderno ? 
i know that this product makes veggies into noodles but does it just slice as well ? im looking for a all in one . 
hi there , how much to send 2 of these to auckland , nz ? 
how big was the shipping box ? 
in the picture , it does n't seem to require a box spring -- is this right ? no box spring required ? 
so a full size matress is required for this bed ? or a full xl ? 
what size is it 
i own a northern brewer 1 gallon kit . can i brew using that equipment ? 
if i buy five of these kits can i combine them to make a 5 gal kit ? 
does this include everything needed ? 
does this have a large amount of hops ? would you say the end product is `` hoppy ? '' 
was this suppose to come with hops and yeast ? mine only had the grains . 
i purchased a mr. beer brewing kit . will this work with that kit , or do i need to purchase a boston brewing beer making kit for this to work ? 
can it make beer 
is the silver dark are light color 
are the flat sheets wide enough ? 
are these satin sheets or just cotton sheets 
would this cover a pillowtop matress 
i need to know is how many pounds weighs the article . 
what does `` cotton sateen '' mean ? is it real cottom ? 
for those with a pillow top ( on 1 side ) i saw where ppl say the fitted one is large however is it super tight or does it stay on ? 
how deep a mattress will it cover ? 
$ 8.99 is for the 4 pc set in a queen size ? ? 
where is made in ? 
hi i want to purchase 7 of these sheets . can you tell me if they would be packaged together or separately ? 
i am interested in this $ 8.99 offer in that particular item . my mattress is 39 '' x 80 '' need a twin xl . 
i want to know how heavy the article ? 
what size are the pillow cases ? 
do they stay wrinkled after washing and drying in dryer ? 
what are the lenght and width ? 
what does the `` set '' include as i 've been burned before . i would hope one fitted sheet ; one flat sheet and 2 pillowcases ? 
do you combine shipping if so how is it done at check out 
what size does it ? 
does it have quilt cover , pillow ? 
do them come with bedsak ? 
what does sateen mean ? 
are these made from cotton ? 
do the sheets breathe ? are they cool ? 
how durable is this product ? and honestly how soft is it ? 
is this a complete set , with flat , fitted and two standard pillow cases ? 
what is cotton sateen ? 
what is the exact size of the sheet set ? 
manufacturer says `` 100 % cotton '' why does user say it is microfiber ? 
is this set made of cotton or of microfiber ? thanks . 
does this include the pillowcases ? 
does this include the pillowcases ? 
why are they so inexpensive ? 
is it easier to roll over in these than other sheets ? do they actually feel more like satin ? 
how deep are the pockets on the fitted sheet ? 
what is the quality of the sheets 
what does it come with 
does the lid fit securely when the infuser is removed 
can i know after putting fruits how long it 's need so i can start enjoy it ? how many times i can use same fruits ? can i store it for long time ? 
can you use this to make sun tea ? 
what is the capacity ? 
is this product dishwasher safe ? 
can you tell me how tall this pitcher is ? thank you . 
do you know the diameter of this pitcher ? i saw someone said it is ~10.5 inches tall , but i was also wondering how wide it is . any idea ? thanks ! 
can anyone that has this product tell me where it is made . i want a glass one but i also want made in the usa not china 
is there any warranty with this ? 
how does or can the hook come off the wall ? 
does it work on plus size clothing ? 
does anyone know how wide the shirts are when folded ? 
is the blue version of this folder actually available via amazon prime ? why is a women 's underwear set pictured in the blue version ? ? 
what are the dimensions of the folded article , i.e . shirt , pants , towel ? 
there 's a crack in my miraclefold . how do i mend it ? 
can you fold towels with it ? 
is it sturdy ? i have bought 2 in the past ( different brands ) that have been cheap and then ended up breaking . 
can you fold fitted sheets 
what is the finished size when folding completed 
i second the question on how it folds towels & amp ; other larger items 
several people stated that this broke soon after purchase . most complained it broke at the folding seams . is this true ? 
i purchased this about four months ago ... hands down excellent idea and works very well ... .problem is it is now broke at the folding seam . what 2 do ? 
how can i repair cracked hinge without getting tape adhesive on warm clothes ? 
my daughter 's husband wears a 3x t-shirt . will the regular miraclefold work or do i need a larger one ? 
how does this work on sheets and towels ? it seems to claim that you can fold `` towels and linens '' with it ... 
what is the difference between blue and orange ( besides almost double the price ) ? 
is there a warranty ? 
does it do collerd dress shirts 
what exactly is this and how do you use it ? 
thanks for the info re : power hitter all set now 
does n't the lit substance that you are smoking create an odor and smoke of its own ? how does this product help with that ? 
is the packaging discreet ? i.e . if it is shipped to my house will it have smokebuddy plastered anywhere on the package ? 
does the jr. work as well as the full size ? 
how many hits does this last for ? 
what exactly is this and how do you use it ? 
would this work on top a coffee mug ( not cup ) ? 
is the price of $ 7.68 for one or two 4 '' lids ? 
does it work on wine glasses ? 
what is slicone made out of ? 
does it work for a 9x13 pan 
how long they will keep the food warm ? are they good on melamine serving trays ? 
i have cut various ones of mine to fit without a problem . anything wrong with this ? 
are these 100 % food-grade silicone ? 
what is the best way to clean these ? there is a chalky residue left on all silicon that goes through the dishwasher . 
i have a rectangular paraffin wax bath that the lid has been destroyed , a new bath is so expensive - could this lid work ? 
do these stain if used to cook items with tomato sauce ? is there a way to stain proof ? 
i previously ordered and recieved the 10 x 13. it measures 12 x 16 and is too large . what size do i order to get one to fit a 9 x 13 ? 
does anyone know if these bpa-free ? 
what size would work on an 8 inch square glass baking dish ? 
the question about a guard for the blade was really about when you put it away as there is no apparent storage position . 
i like adding slices of oranges and lemons to water . would this mandoline be able to handle slicing through orange and lemon peel 
does this have a crinkle cut blade that is able to cut potatoes into waffle shapes ? 
what is the life of the blades ? will i be able to get replacement blades ? 
can i use the food holder to cut small items like brussel sprouts ? 
does it come apart for cleaning 
does it make french fries and does it grate cheese ? 
can you make french fries with this product ? 
does it dice vegetables ? 
what are the thicknesses it cuts , i.e. , 1 8 '' , 1 4 '' , etc ? 
how many watts is it ? 
what is the model number of this kitchen aid mixer ? 
what attachments come with it ? 
what is the model number ? 
would this be a good mixer for mashed potatoes or is electric hand mixer a better choice ? 
are any bowls included ? 
deliver you this product in france ? 
what 's the warranty ? 
was it framed or not ? 
do not see any measurements ... are these nice size wall art ? 
is it a stretched canvas or not ? some of the reviews say rolled up others say ready to hang ? 
hello , you give , traking number ? 
it is mentioned that wood framed on the back artwork so i imagine it will come with the frame . 
if it is not framed , how can we fix it on the wall ? 
has anyone been pleased with what they have received ? 
does anyone know the measurements thanks 
do champagne bottles fit in the wine rack portion ? what about magnum ( 1.5 l ) wine bottles ? 
what are the dimensions between the main shelf and the top where you would add the wine glasses ? 
what are the dimensions 
does it have the metal lip at the bottom of the book rack like the picture ? does it hold books open well ? other brands have n't been as pictured . 
what is the minimum dimension tub opening it will fit ? 
have a garden tub . will this expand to 48 '' ? 
will this fit k40 k45 elite brewer ? 
does this fit any of the 2.0 machines ? 
does this work with the mr coffee bvmc-kg5 ? i got this for christmas and bought cafe cups which are junk ! need help please ! thank you 
how do you install my k-cup reusable filter in my keurig b-40 ? it does not go all the way in . does something have to be removed ? can it be left ina 
does it fit the k10 b31 mini brewer ? 
does this fit the platinum 70 keurig maker 
fit mod b44 classic ? 
hello , i ordered your replacement filter . no problem . i need the paper filter to go into the gray filter ? 
does the k75 come with this filter 
will this fit a k79 ? 
what color is it exactly or best descript ... ... .. 
what is the thread count ? 
what color is this ? grey ? green ? 
how big is it ? 
if i order today when will t arrive 
if i use this cutter to make cookies ... .will it also add the details to hello kitty 's face as well ? ? ? ? 
how long will it take to arrive to western australia , australia if the order leaves friday afternoon . 
is it possible to order the hello kitty cutter today and get it next day on thursday ? 
how big are they-cookie cutter iameter ? 
how long will it take for order to arrive it made today ? 
what is the size of each ? 
do the pieces separate , meaning the cookie cutter piece and the impression piece ? also , what is the size of the cookie cutter ( length , width and depth 
what 's the size ? ? 
what kind of pizza pan do you recommend for homemade raw dough pizza ? 
are you using the pizza oven for commercial use or personal use ? 
does this cook fresh pizza 
how do cook something like pizza rolls in the pizza oven ? are there trays you can buy 
i would like to use this for a concession stand . how long does it take to make a pizza 
i see two knobs on the front . are the upper and lower heating elements independently controllable ? 
can you keep this continuously on through your business day ? if not , and it takes 10+ minutes to warm up each time it would add a lot of time to orders . 
do you feel it is more reliable , better quality than the $ 50 pizza ovens for making snack bar pizzas ? how long does it take to heat up ? 
pre-heating time for 450 deg ? 
will this oven work well with homemade pizza dough or is it better for premade dough 
does this top fit the gallon ball jar ? 
what is the diameter of the opening please ? 
suitable for daily pouring of milk ? i am using the half gallon jars to freeze milk and it would be convenient to just switch caps 
honey ? my raw honey comes in wide mouth mason jars but i miss the ease of using the honey bear ! does is work well for honey ? 
is it awkward to drink from this lid ? 
what is the diameter of the opening please ? 
what kind of plastic is it ? 
what size container does it fit ? 
does this fit into an average cup holder in a car ? 
will a regular metal cover fit on it ? 
what side is the straw hole ? would a boba bubble tea straw fit inside ? 
looks like from the picture - the jar is marked with measurements , am i correct ? what are the measurements - ounces , milliliters ? 
is this too breakable since it 's glass ? 
is the plastic recap non-bpa ? 
can you wash in the dishwasher ? 
what kind of jar does this come with ? what 's the volume ? 
where are they made ? 
i am looking for a 20 oz . non-plastic container to drink hot beverages from ( e.g . coffee , lattes , cappuccinos , etc . ) . is this jar safe for hot drinks ? 
what type of wood is this nightstand ? are the drawers full extension ? 
what assembly has to be done ? 
what are the dementions 
is the tv mount built in ? how much weight does it hold ? 
does the entertainment center need to be attached to the wall for stability ? 
in the product disription it says accomodates most 50 '' tvs but it also says up to 42 '' tvs ? will a 47 '' fit ? 
how high up from the ground does the tv sit ? 
will this entertainment center hold a 50 '' tv ? 
do the shelves on the lower left right have to be installed or could they be left out to fit something like a subwoofer ? 
what size tv can it fit ? . by the image it says 42 inch , then in description area it says 50 inch . which is it ? 
what kind of material is this made out of ? 
can anyone tell me if there is still a rebate available for this 12oz item and if so where can i find it ? thanks . 
how to use it . there is no instructions at all in the cup 
can this take hot water ? 
can i drink without removing the lid ? i cant tell from the pictures 
my sun tea glass mug fell a few feet and shattered into a million pieces . can i get a replacement ? 
can you put coffee in here as well ? 
i will receive 1 glass or 3 glasses ? 
can the base go in the microwave ? 
is the strainer removable and whatbis the diameter of it ? 
is the lid on this solid or does it have hole for straw ? 
can you dispense ice from the ice maker directly into the glass without worrying that the bottom will break ? 
how tall are these , and what is the diameter ? 
is the glass on these thin ? would you consider them fragile ? 
are they made of glass rather than plastic ? 
what is the capacity of these glasses ? exactly 20 liquid ounces or less or more ? 
boiling water will they crack 
when at slightly chilled temperatures ( like a winter 's day ) , will they crack if you pour boiling water into them ? 
a similar glass double-wall tumbler i tried had bad condensation . how do these compare to quality plastic versions by tervis bubba for condensation ? 
is it ok to freeze these glasses ? ? i love my beverages really cold if not putting any ice like teas , sodas or beers . 
do these glasses have a thin rim or is it the same width rim as a tervis ? 
what is the wattage on your mixer 
does this come with dough hooks ? 
i would like to know if the lowest speed is slow or is it a warp speed like most blenders ? i need something with a slow speed when it is on low ! ! 
does this mixer come with more than the 1 set of beaters pictured ? 
what 's the model number ? 
does this kitchenaid mixer come with stainless steel beaters ? 
how many watts does this mixer have and will it mash a large bowl of potatoes or thick cookie batter ? 
does it work in thick cookie batter 
what is the wire beater attachment that is pictured in the product photo good for ? for cake and cookie dough , should i order hook attachment ? 
how long is the warranty on this mixer ? 
does all the attachments come with it ? 
hi . can i use the product in australia ? 
what attachments are included ? thanks 
what attachments are included ? thanks 
hi how many years of warranty does it have this mixer ? 
does the mixer tilt up 
does the bowl have a handle and pouring spout ? 
what attachments come with this mixer ? 
what wattage is this mixer please ? 
did anyone get a plastic cover with their unit ? i just got 2 stickers which did nothing to dim the light . 
i 'm interested in your product , but i have one big question : if i buy 4 , will it help get rid of the mold ? 
can i turn the light off if i wanted , or it stays on all the time 
are there instructions on how to replace the bulb ? i ca n't find the original box manual it came with . thanks . 
is it auto volt ? 
the packaging reports that the `` night '' light has a sensor and turns off . does anyone have one that actually works as a night light or on all the time 
how many days should this air purifier last if it 's on 24 7 ? 
does this require a filter ? 
i am looking for something to help clear the air order from litterbox located in a walkup finished attic that does have a window . will this work ? 
are they good for bathrooms ? 
so this can measure both humidity and the temperature 
i need to turn humidifier on and off at set values . will this server that purpose ? will it turn on my humidifier at 40 % and turn it off at 60 % ? 
if 120 volt line power is shut-off , does the unit retain its calibration and high low settings in memory ? 
can i use this to replace a humidity control that fits in duct work and connects to the furnace to turn on when calling for heat and then shuts off 
can it be set up to turn on off a small humidifier to keep humidity in a space to a selected humidity ( 45 % in my case ) ? 
can i connect a dehumidifier to it ? can i connect the positive power of a 110v outlet to control on and off ? or do i need a separate relay to do this . 
how long is the probe wire ? 
does anyone know where to purchase replacement probes ? ? or for that matter verify test that the humidity probe is functional ? ? 
can you hook up a humidifier to turn on if the rh is below a value , and to turn on a dehumidifier if the rh is above a value ? 
can the probe wire be extended ? 
is this item available in the uk ? 
how tall and what is the diameter ? thanks 
are these good for beer tasting or are they just good for using as a shot glass for liquor ? 
how many ounces does each mug hold ? 
will this sauce pot wirk as a dutch oven 
has anyone who bought this pot recently had problems with the dishwasher ? i put it in the dishwasher - rivets came out in bad shape . 
is it made in france or china ? 
i am wondering if there is a little hole on the lid for vapor come out ? 
induction compatible ? 
what is the depth and inside diameter ? 
could someone please measure the actual size of the pot without lid or handles ? 
is this cookware truely dishwasher safe ? 
can i use metal utensils in this cookware ? 
can this be used on my induction stove ? 
what is the surface width of the bottom of the 4-quart sauce pan that would make contact with a glass cooktop ? 
what is the inside diameter of the top rim of the pan ? 
has anyone tried popping popcorn in this pan ? if so , how did it perform ? 
is it made in the u.s.a. ? 
can this be safely used o galss top stoves . i learned the hard way never use anything enameled on glass top stoves . how about this particular finish . 
is there a detailed description of the size of the pots and pans 
does this particular series work with induction cooktops ? 
are the lids glass ( see through ) or metal ? i can not tell from the photo . 
are these non stickn pans ? 
is this pfoa free ? 
are these pans lighter than the multiclad pro stainless steel pans ? 
the picture shows a black exterior , but there is no description to verify this . what color is the exterior ? 
can you tell me the sizes in inches of the 2 smallest indents ( meaning the diameters of pots that it would fit ) ? 
i now have a non-cuisinart 4 quart pot but the steamer insert needs to be replaced . an 8 inch diameter insert is needed will this unit work for me ? 
will this fit my contour sauce pans 
does this steamer fit the 77-7 chef 's classic stainless cookware set ? 
i just purchased thecuisinart professional tri-ply stainless steel cookware ( 12 piece set ) . will this steamer work with that of pots ? 
dimensions : 5.12 inches x 15.75 inches x 8.86 inches says the advertisment . which is the diameter ? the height ? and what is the other dimension ? ? 
do you think it can be used with a farberware 3qt . saucepan ? 
does it fit cuisinart mcp triple ply stainless 3 qt . and 4qt . pots ? 
can i steam a 6lb whole chicken in it ? 
can anyone who owns the 12 qt give me the actual diameter of the pot ? the listed measurements are a bit confusing . 
is the aluminum core only on the bottom of the pot , or does it run up the sides of the pot in the same way all-clad stockpots do ? 
just received 12 qt multiclad and the cover is very loose . is this normal ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
can this be put in the oven to be used as a dutch oven ? 
can anyone who owns both tell me if the 12 qt and 8 qt nest for storage ? i have limited storage space so need something that can nest . 
can anyone tell me what the difference is between mcp66-28 and the newer mcp66-28n are they the same quality ? improvements in the newer model ? tkx 
what is the diameter of the pot ? 
what 's the difference between this stck pot and the 766-26 chefs classic besides the former being induction compatible and a bit more expensive ? 
dimentions - height & amp ; width 
can they go in oven on low temp ? 
are these containers bpa free ? 
how deep are the containers ? 
are they freezer safe ? 
where is this made ? u.s or china ? 
which size did you purchase and why ? i need help deciding which one to buy . 
what type of plastic is this made out of ( or what is the recycling number on the bottom ) ? 
is there a way that i can mix n match the different sizes ? i 'd really like to do that ! 
can these be put in the freezer 
are they intended to be reusable ? i do n't want a one use plastic product . 
is this product bpa free ? 
can these go into the freezer then to the microwave ? 
are these good for the freezer ? do they prevent freezer burn ? 
will this product leak liquids if put on its side ? 
my wife is really sensitive to suede fabrics and the like . what type of fabric is on top ? 
is the pump built in or seperate ? 
is this durable enough for outdoor use like on a deck watching movies on a projection screen ? 
is there a weight limit ? 
does it come with a leak repair kit ? if not , what kind of patch could repair a hole in this material ? 
how many feet is it ? 
what colors are there ? 
is there cup holder 's ? if so where ? 
does this come with a pump ? 
how tall is it from the floor to the sitting area ? 
how do you assemble it ? 
after using it one time it jammed and now can not get it un jammed to clean properly ... any suggestions 
is this worth buying 
is it only 3 8 '' i am looking for 1 4 '' 
is this product bpa free ? 
does the basket come with it when i buy it on amazon ? at walmart ? at cvs ? 
hi , is the height listed with or without the lids ? 
how big are the openings mouth of these jars ? would i be able to put seashells or candles in there ? 
how do the jars seal ? do they have a rubber gasket ? 
hi , are the heights of these jars listed correct ? and are these plastic or glass ? 
where are these made ? 
i want to know their sizes ? 
looking for two canisters one for dry puppy dog food and one for cat . would like to have opening large enough to put a measuring cup in and get out dog food with ease 
sizes are they all four different sizes ? 
do they have freshness seals ? 
from the reviews it is apparent this canister set is visually very pleasing . but , the problems w 'chips ' & amp ; faulty seals , have they been addressed ? 
the lid of the biggest canister broke . does anyone know where i can get a replacement ? 
where are these canisters made ? 
need to know true storage capacity . what is height not counting the `` filial '' at the top ? 
is the design on the back as well ? 
why are they so expensive on amazon ? the are much cheaper elsewhere . 
what color is the surround on this fireplace and what is it made of . is it at all recessed so that it could be tiled ? 
is there a thermostat , or just 2 heat settings ? 
does the heat come from the top or bottom ? i am afraid that if the heat comes from the top , it will not heat the room every well since hot air goes up 
my space is 36x21.5 is the 22 dimension exact or will it fit in my 21.5 ' opening ? thanks . 
it shows it with a pink surround -- that is not attached is it ? 
remote control how do you put in battery ? 
several of the reviews said the mounting screws and other parts for hanging are useless . could someone please give me a list of what i need to buy 
i plan on building a cabinet and installing this into it . any problems with this installation ? 
what is the size of the actual flame surface ? 
i am going to be hanging this on a masonry wall . will i need to get the appropriate molly bolts & amp ; screws ? 
what is the maximum weight limit ? 
having used this scale for a while , are you still happy with the consistency of the weights being measured ? 
how big is the platform 
does this scale have an adjustment dial to fine tune to zero ? thanks 
i have only a small freezer . what are the outside dimentions of the freezer container ? 
can you use low fat milk ( 1 % or 2 % ) and still get the same results as whole milk ? 
looking at a recipe for strawberry ice cream . what is the purpose of adding the lemon juice ? 
what is the wattage ? 
do you have to put it in the freezer to make it or does it just have to go in the freezer for storage ... assuming you do n't eat it all at one sitting ? 
i put freezer bowl in freezer without wrapping it in plastic . is it ruined ? the instructions say to wrap to prevent freezer burn . i have n't used it yet 
can you freeze the ice cream in the bowl you made it in ? 
can this ice cream maker make sherbert ? 
can you please confirm it weights only one ( 1 ) pound ? thank you ! 
i see this is 120v but will it work with 220v and a transformer ? ( bread machines and hair clippers , for instance , do n't work with transformers . ) 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
how deep is the drawer ? 
is the drawer on sliders ? 
tall queen size bed ? 
does it go well with a twin sized bed ? 
what are the dimensions of the cubby ? would a storage cube basket fit ? 
will it require assembly when delivered ? 
what materials is it made from ? 
how wide is this ? 
can the handle be changed out ? 
does the 11.2 inch diameter measurement include the handles ? how deep is the pot without the lid ? 
where is this item made ? 
can this work on induction cook top ? thanks 
can this be used on an induction cooktop ? thanks 
has anybody gotten cut by the rim of this pot ? the edges seem pretty sharp both inside and outside the pot ( the ceramic does n't go up and over ) ... 
what is warranty ? 
is it german made ? 
is it oven safe ? 
how do i send a message to choose color ? 
where do i select which color i want ? 
can you mount on wall ? 
are there ties or clips at the inside corners to attach to a comforter ? 
is the fabric thin and see through ? 
is the 1500 series duvet true white in color ? i made mistake & amp ; bought 1800 series duvet and they say its white but it is off white lightcream 
what is the fabric ? what is `` microfiber ? '' 
thread count 
is the white really white or is it an off-white ? 
are there ties or clips at the inside corners to attach to a comforter ? 
is the fabric thin and see through ? 
is the 1500 series duvet true white in color ? i made mistake & amp ; bought 1800 series duvet and they say its white but it is off white lightcream 
what is the fabric ? what is `` microfiber ? '' 
thread count 
is the white really white or is it an off-white ? 
how heavy is the pot ? 
can this be put in a 450 degree oven ? 
can you refrigerate leftovers in the pan and reheat later 
i recently bought one , but found it problematic to clean . how have you cooked and cleaned with your dish ? 
what country is this cookware made in ? 
what is the height and diameter of this pot ? 
what is the padding made of ? how thick ? 
do you know if this will fit a board 45 '' x 13 1 2 '' ? 
is the pad made of foam or fiber ? foam breaks down , sluffs off , and sticks to metal board . do n't want foam . thanks 
does it fit on this iron board ? http : www.amazon.com household-essen ... 
will this fit a board 18 x 56 ? 
i have the reliable c30 board and it is 19 '' wide and 48 long . think it will fit ? thanks 
does it fit on amazon 's household essentials extra wide pressing station ? 
i have an ironing board that is 14x48 '' - it has a narrower point than the wider boards but i need the shorter length . how tight is the elastic ? 
can anyone tell me how this machine makes just a regular cup of coffee , and how many ounces per pod ? 
how many inches of clearance is there for the mug ? trying to figure out if my husband 's travel mug would fit . 
can you use off the shelf k-cups in this machine or only the pods supplied by starbucks ? 
i 've read lots of bad reviews about low coffee temperature . this is the only thing stopping me from buying a verismo . what do you think ? 
is this worth getting just to make ice lattes ? i still want my drip coffee machine , but i love ice lattes and and prefer to save some $ $ making @ home 
are the espresso shotss reallly hot or just luke warm ? thanks so much 
can you use a coffee pod to make espresso if you do n't remove the foil tab ? thanks 
hi . can you tell me if the water tank is bpa free ? thank you . 
does this machine make a lot of noise when making beverages ? is it office friendly in terms of noise ? 
can you use a coffee or espresso pod twice ? 
wondering if it 's possible to put legs feet on it . if there is wood , etc. , on the bottom . if so , it would work well ? 
how chair folds down into bed 
can 2 children sit side by side on this ? 
what is the fabric content of the foam ; what is the fabric content of the exterior fabric 
when folded into a chair , how high is the seat off the floor ? trying to decide if this could be used as a desk chair . 
any other colors ? 
what other colors does this chair come in ? 
does it open to a bed and what are the dimensions 
can this be used as a bed . how long and wide is it ? ? ? 
will twin size sheets fit on this ? 
is the chair back firm enough to lean against without being up against a wall ? 
what is the fabric ? 
any smell ? off gassing ? 
is the cover removable ? 
how do you release it from chair to bed 
is this suitable for adults ? sizewise ? 
what is the seat height for the chair configuration 
i bought this and ca n't figure out how to fold it into a chair 
is shipping included ? 
what are the demetions 
does it come with slats or other support system to support a mattress without a box spring ? 
the headboard box states full . the slat box states full . the frame box states queen . so , what do i do ? 
how much weight can it support ? 
how high above the ground is the bed ( i.e . can you fit storage boxes underneath ) ? 
does bed have four legs plus two more in center of bed frame 
is there an outlet in back for electrical cord ( s ) ? considering using this for an entertainment center . 
are the sides also mirror , they look like wood , darker in the photo ? thx 
how wide do the doors swing out ? we are thinking of a 40 '' wide hallway 
how wide are the doors when they are open ? we need to be able to open them fully in a narrow hall way . 
love this piece and the size is perfect , but how hard would it be to paint the wood gold ? 
is the wood part of this piece made of hard wood or mdf ? wondering about quality and how study it is . 
how long and deep is the dresser ? 
how wide ? 
are the shelves behind the doors removable ? 
what is the maximum square footage that this heater will heat ? 
i rent and our living room is roughly 20 ' x 20 ' with very poor insulation . would this provide enough heat alone to heat this room ? 
does the 20 '' h include when the feet are on ? if not what is the total h with the feet . 
does this heater decrease humidity ? ? ? 
what is the warranty ? 
is it an infrared heater ? 
can this heater be painted white without problems ? 
can this item be used in a horizontal manner ? laying flat . 
the price is 152.16 for a used shaker . is this a mistake ? 
what is the country of origin ? 
is it possible to order just the lid ? 
are there painted measurements on the side of the glass in order to know how much liquid to add ? 
what company makes these and how do i contact them ? i need a replacement lid . 
does someone know if the simplehuman custom bags fit these well ? if so which is the right size ? 
what are the dimensions of the entire unit ? 
how tall is it with lid open . want to place under a shelf that is 34 '' high 
what are the dimensions of each individual compartment ? would a standard size brown grocery bag fit ? 
it seems short for it to be only 23.8 '' tall , is this accurate.. usually pails are over 30 '' tall 
what are the size of this product ? how tall , how wide , how long ? i have a very specific area i need to fit this in . 
what are the outside dimensions of this item ? 
what are the demenions of this item ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
are there plastic trays like the 6 packs separating the tupperware ? 
what can you fit in the side pockets where the shoulder straps appear to attach ? wondering if you could fit shaker bottles in these two areas ? 
does this come with a shoulder strap ? 
is there enough room to add a fourth meal ? is there room to carry shaker bottles as well as protein powder etc or would i need to get the bigger bag 
how long does it keep food cold for ? 
what is the measurement of the front pocket for the containers ? ? ? height width depth 
how do yall feel about the containers ? i 'm contemplating ordering 25 of the 28oz containers to use for my food prep . 
can you find glass containers for these ? 
can this sit in a trunk of a car for hours and still keep the food cold ? 
what are the dimensions of the top compartment on the 3-meal bag ? 
is the jar glass 
what is the volume of the pitcher ? 
where to buy the replacement jar since original one is broken 
is this product work with 220 v 
can i get a replacement cover lid 
would the base fit a mason jar in place of the pitcher ? 
what is the wattage ? 
can you make quick fresh squeezed oj from this ? 
is the bella high power juicer a 110 or a 220 voltage ? 
where is the plug in cord located ? 
where can i buy a tamper food pusher for this ? 
how many juice container juice pitcher with lid in a box ? 
is it strong enough to handle cocoa nibs ? 
i make herb infused oils in crock pot . can i use this to strain all oil out of the herbs ? ? 
is this work on 220 volts input power or just 110 120 volts ? 
are there a lot of parts to clean ? i realize parts are dishwasher safe - just wondering if taking apart and putting together is too time consuming . 
does the lid have a rubber or vinyl gasket ? 
does the lid have a rubber or vinyl gasket ? 
does it hold 6 cups ? or only 4 as one of the reviews states ? 
what are the inner dimensions of the crock ? i.e. , what is the size of the largest item that it can hold ? diameter and height would be helpful . thanks ! 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it made in china ? 
are the lid and removeable crock dishwasher safe ? 
what kind of attachments come with this vacuum ? ? also what kind of warranty comes with it 
is the stairway attachment included ? 
is this the same model as the dc41 animal ? 
it has been over a year since the attachemnt question has been asked . does this include the mini turbine head ? you should be able to call the seller 
is the dc41 the same as dc41 animal 
does this model come with the mini turbine head ? 
i also would like to know what the warranty is on the dyson . 
what is the warranty for refurbished dyson products ? 
do the sheets wear well after multiple washes ? i do n't like when sheets get fabric pills on them after a few washes . is this an issue with these ? 
before i order , are the sheets more cotton or microfiber ? 
what mattress depth does the fitted sheet cover ? the mattress is 14.5 inches deep , over the standard 12 inches . 
hi do these fit single bed or are they double sheets thx 
is this made in china ? 
can you program this for a specific time to go on ? 
does the top come off in order to clean inside easily ? 
what is the temperature adjustment precision ? can you adjust in 1 degree increments ? 
what is the wattage and the grade of the stainless steel -- -does any plastic come in contact with the water ? thanks ! 
does it beep when water reaches desired temperataure ? 
i want it to keep boiling for 5 minutes then shut down , can it do it ? and the water container has no plastic . 
hello . i am hoping that someone can give me the measurements of the base only ? width x length . thank you ! 
i want know about the 5 preset temperatures . i would like to know the exact temperature . 
is there plastic anywhere that comes into contact with the water ? 
do these work with induction cooktops ? thanks . 
what is the inside diameter of the 5-qt stockpot near the top and what is the height ? 
will the handles become hot , while cooking ? 
will a magnet stick to the bottom of these pans ? 
will the three ( minus the stockpot and lids of course ) `` nest '' or stack for storage ? 
is the bottom perfectly flat ? 
can you tell me how high the largest pot is ? i just want to know if it will fit in my drawer . thank you ! 
can this be used with a wave countertop 
after washing these pots and pans in the dishwasher for a couple of months has anyone noticed any rust on the pots ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
does the seat swivel ? 
is the color of the metal black or dark bronze ? 
seat height of bar stool 
is the metal color black ? the description says black , but the picture looks to be another color . 
what is the seat height ? 
need a seat height of 36 '' or more . where can i find some 
size ? i need 16 x 22 inch ? 
what are the dimensions of the drainer board 1480 a ? 
is this a light weight plastic ? 
how do you hang this picture ... ... what do you put it on ? 
is the total width somewhere around 4 feet ? 
is each piece 24 '' ? 
i received my unframed art , described as being framed and ready to hang . your reply email states that the description says no frame . where exactly is that noted on the product page ? ? ? 
i understand the size 30x60 but what is 2pic 
i 'm confused . there are 2 listings for the same painting as framed - $ 44.00 and $ 80.00 . i am looking to buy framed painting . what 's the deal here ? 
looking for 3 piece it 's a tree with a few blue flowers and a moon in the center , i have a picture 
i 'm confused between the reviews and the description ... .is this a pre hung peice or is it going to come in a roll and i will need to get it framed ? 
so if the description says , and i quote , ( stretched and framed ) - why are we getting the artworked rolled up in a tube ? 
i need this to be ready to hang framed . description say framed but reviews say received unframed 
is this machine nsf certified ? can you plug it into a regular household outlet ? 
would a honda 2000 watt generator be able to power this machine ? 
i was looking at this machine for a `` family '' christmas gift . are you still happy with your purchase ? - johnny 
can you steam and brew at the same time on the 15 amp mode ? 
is this a plumbed in machine or does it have a water reservoir ? 
does a recipe booklet accompany this item ? 
we have used the automatic electric pressure cooker a few times . for some reason , the first two 0s kept circling around , indicating that the pressure is not at the target level . this caused the countdown of the timer not working . for example , if i ... 
is this a 4 or 6 qt cooker ? 
how much can you actually put into it for pressure cooking ? i had an 8.5 qt . pressure cooker , but could only pressure cook at 2 3 full . 
once the food is cooked does the electric cooker have an automatic warmer ? if so how long 
how high does the psi go ? 
can you brown meats and saut & eacute ; vegetables in this cooker ? tia~ 
where made 
does the cooker have a hinged lid ? can not tell from the photograph . 
can this be used in europe ( 220 volt ) ? 
how many of you use this for makeup because you saw it on youtube ? just curious . 
what are the inside dimensions of the two different size drawers ? 
are the deeper drawers on the bottom able to hold smaller articles of clothing such as socks and or underwear ? 
what is the height of the entire drawer unit ? 
is n't it cheaper to purchase from ikea ? 
what are the interior measurements of the drawers ? 
what are the inside heights of the drawers 
where can i find replacemernt filters for this air cleaner 
i 'm curious why i ca n't find this on the sharper image website . is it an old model ? 
does this put out ozone ? 
do you have to replace the filters in this unit ? 
does this unit come with s voc odor reduction filter as well ? 
what size room can it accommodate ? 
is it okay to rinse wash the voc filter ? i 've done that with other air purifiers but i could n't find the info on this one . it 's really full of dust . 
i ca n't for the life of me figure out where to get replacement filters for this system . it states they need to be replaced in 18-months . anyone know ? 
what is the power source ? particularly , is this battery operated or corded ? if battery operated , what type ? 
how well does it grate soft cheeses like mozzarella cheese and cheddar cheese 
does it have an insert to grate potato for pancakes ? 
is not this `` german '' [ equated to excellence ] unit manufactured in china ? ? ? ? 
does it come with different size inserts so you can grate different food to desired sizes ? fine or chunky . 
could you tell me where is it produced and how large is the food-feeding chute , i.e. , can you feed the whole apple potato or do you need to precut ? 
can this unit shred cabbage ? 
does this grate carrots fine for carrot cakes ? 
can i make fine hazelnut flour with this ? 
how easy is it to hand clean 
is there a warranty ? 
are the shelves removeable 
do you notice sound of this running in the kitchen ? 
what are the demensssions 
is this framed and stretched and ready to hang ? there seems to be a lot of confusion regarding this . if so is the frame wooden ? 
why would the description say `` framed , ready to hang '' when it 's not ? 
this item is already framed and ready to hang ? 
after reading one review , the reviewer states that this heater gets hot enough that it should not be located within 10 feet of furniture . is this true 
can the heater be set to come on at a certain time if no one is home yet to warm up the house ? 
mine runs a few min.cuts off and will not come back on . 
how does the timer work ? can you set it to shut off after a set amount of time ? 
what is the length of warranty 
what is the weight capacity for seating ? 
hi ! i love the look of the ottoman , but i definately need brown , not black . is the dark espresso color a dark brown or more of a black ? 
what are the interior dimensions ? i need 14 inches to fit vinyl lps . thanks . 
does it arrive fully assembled and are there other colors ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what color are the nail heads ? silvery or more a brass color ? 
does the draw open ? 
can the bottom shelf be removed ? will the table be sturdy enough without the bottom shelf ? would love to use this table as a reading desk . thanks . 
what is the maximum weight this table can support ? thank you 
what are the measurements ? 
is it matt white or grossy white ? 
what is the weight capacity ? 
does the lid open to 90 degrees or only as pictured 
what 's the weight capacity ? 
can the bun feet be removed ? 
what are the dimensions of the inside storage capacity ? 
what color is the nailhead trim on the black ottoman ? ca n't tell from the picture if it 's silver or gold . 
what are the dimensions ? 
the dimentions 
are the nailheads silver or gold brass toned ? 
does this have to be in a corner 
what us the height of the two openings on the shelves underneath ? 
what is the dimension of the stand ? 
is it good for old model televisin ? 
is this stand suitable for a 40 inch led tv ? 
does it fit well in the corner ? 
does it swivel all the way around or only partly ? 
what part swivels , exactly ? 
how much weight can the product hold ? 
it says carmel but appears black in pictures . is is dark or light in color ? 
mine did n't come with any assembly instructions or diagram . does anyone have either one ? 
can i also have assembly directions ? 
would it be possible to install a lock ? 
dimensions 
how many inches is from the bottom shelf to the top shelf ? 
is the back part stationary ? 
what are the dimensions of the table ? 
what is it made of ? wood ? mdf ? 
what are the dimensions of the stand . thanks . 
what is the distance between each stand ? i have some speakers that are 11 '' tall and i 'm hoping they 'll fit between one of the stands ! 
does it hold a 60 inch tv ? 
can i leave the middle back post off without compromising the sturdiness . i want to put my printer on , but need the back open for the paper holder 
will this support a 40 inch flat screen ? 
are the tiers adjustable ? i want to make my stereo fit . 
will this stand be stable enough to place in the middle of the room to overlook my bed without a wall to anchor it onto ? my tv is 50 '' and 40 lbs . 
i lost the assemly instructions where can i find it on line 
would this stand hold a microwave oven ? 
when assembling , can i omit adding the top shelf to it and not have posts in the way ? 
will this fit a teapot with a 5.5 '' diameter base ? thanks ! 
what are the dimensions ? i wanted to make sure it will support my 1.5 qt bean pot . 
what is the diameter of this warmer ? 
what is the outside diameter at the base ? 
is the inside stainless steel ? 
i do not know how to open it to wash it and add drink . turned arrow to open position and lid will raise 1 4 inch . is it supposed to lift off ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the overall height with and without the lid 
i want to be sure it fits under my keurig coffee maker ... how tall is the mug without the lid ? 
is the top easy to clean 
is the mouth piece pba free ? 
how many watts is it ? 
how hot to the touch ? safe for a toddler who is curious about everything ? 
why do my heater make noises when it starts ? is this normal ? ( i think this heater is about 2 years old , and only been used for 1~2 winters ) 
how much square feet covers ? 
does the thermostat of this unit sense the room 's temperature , and cycle the unit on and off accordingly ? some reviews suggest that it does n't . 
does this only work from 1-12 hours , timed ? did i read that correctly ? so if i wanted to leave it on in a room to heat as needed , could i ? 
worked then stopped 
how can i remove unpleasant smell . it makes me dizzy . i cleaned and turned on more than five hours but it did n't work . 
if the power goes out does the thermostat have to be reset ? 
what is the heater made of ? metal or plastic ? 
is this a good size for french macarons or should i go smaller ? larger ? ? thanks 
can they be used to melt candy in the microwave for molding ? 
has anyone ever tried to squeeze concrete 'butter ' into cracks between stones with these things ? if so , does it work ? 
another question : do the bags have a logo or an imprint ? i am looking for plain pastry bags to fill with my caramel corn mixture to give as gifts . 
the description of the pastry bag states they are 18 '' . however , in the specifications , they are described as 10 '' . which is correct ? 
anyone knows what is the different between this daymark hand-e-grip & amp ; grip2go pastry bags ? 
are the ends of these already cut like the ones i got from the christmas store ? 
can tips and collars be used with these bags ? what kind and what size ? 
never have used pastry bags . want to use then to fill deviled eggs and ice cookies . somewhere in the add i thought ut said these could be used without buying `` tips '' . can the bags be used as is or do i need attachments ? 
are they thick like the wilton bags that are sold in the stores ? 
can these bags handle heating ? with wilton bags i can melt chocolate in the microwave . has anyone had success with melting in these ? 
are these triangle cone shaped ? 
where is this product made ? 
what are they made of ? 
any idea how much volume these hold ? i 'm not trying to use a tip , just cut the end off and use for all kinds of stuff . 
is the corner sealed or open 
are these bags sturdy enough to fill donut pans with donut dough ? 
do these have slits cuts in the tips ? i want to use them for a craft . 
would these be useful without a pastry tip , but if i just cut the bottom tip off in order to squeeze homemade purees into cube trays ? 
i want to use this for halloween craft , is there any writing brand marks on bags or is it just a clear plastic bag ? 
are they large enough to hold the icing tip ? 
are they strong enough for chocolate piping and filling ? 
why does it say 12inch when it suppose to be 21 
is it possible to chose a different color combination from the picture displayed ? 
what is the fabric made from ? 
by 113.38 do you mean is the length of sofa+chaise ? 
i would like to get the right hand sofa , what is the process ? 
can you help me with the exact size of this sectional ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the depth of the surface of the desk , from the front to the back ? i see the length being listed as the depth and i 'm not sure that is correct . 
there are two conflicting answers here to an important question , are the opposing sides able to be swapped ? short on right , long on left ? 
came with no instructions.. can anybody post a picture of the manual ? 
is it strong enough to hold a desktop 
has anyone used this for a laptop ? i need to be able to open the laptop comfortably on the left side . thanks ! 
could you give me the size please 
how many monitors can it support ? 
can the two sides be easily separated if i need to move it up stairs ? 
someone said the shipping box was 60 x 40 - how thick is the box ? making plans for moving day 
if you took the trays off , is this sturdy enough to sit on ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
do the trays fit inside the ottoman ? 
can the trays fit on the ottoman curved ends pointed down ? the opposite of what the picture shows so that the trays sort of hook onto the ottoman . 
what are the straps inside the ottoman for ? 
will this fit the lodge p14w3 wok handles ? 
will it fit 6qt . dutch owen ? 
do you get one or two handle holders ? 
what is the maximum safe oven temperature for these holders ? 
is this sold in a packet of qty 2 or as a qty 1 single holder ? 
does it fit the lodge l8sgp3 square grill 
are these oven safe ? can i put these in the oven 
2 pack ? 
does this fit the 15 '' l14sk3 ? 
will this work on the lodge cast iron lid handles ? 
is this a set or just one ? i hope there are two one for each handle on my dutch 
does this fit lodge mfg l8dol3 cast iron dutch oven , 5 qt . ? 
ok 
the nozzle on my sweeper no longer has any suction i have cleaned the entire sweeper and still can not get it to suck would appreciate any help 
we just installed a soft , high pile carpet . our current vacuum wo n't move on the carpet . how well does this one work on soft , high pile ? 
i have rather small hands , even for a woman , some handles are very difficilt to grasp , what is the diameter on this handle ? 
what is the noise rating on this model , i have not been able to locate it even on the electrolux site . i am looking for a vacuum that is around 65db . 
has anyone used this on hardwood floors ? what do you think ? my house is about 50 50 carpet hardwood , and i just hate sweeping . 
does the brushroll cleaner really work ? 
is the cord retractable ? or how does it store ? 
how many attachments were available . i appear to be missing brush attachment ? 
does this electrolux precision brushroll vacuum do a good job picking up dog hair ? 
is there an attachment adapter available ? this hose is oval and most attachments have a round insert . 
is the juice bottle glass as well ? 
is the juice bottle made of glass or plastic ? 
can you put your name on the communion set 
what are the dimensions ? 
rust 
is the inside enamel ? 
what is the size of the king ? 
do you have twin sizes ? 
what are the measurements of this king size bedspread 
what are dimensions for king size ? 
what is the weight of this bedspread ? 
can you please send me some measurements on the shelf ? 
what kind of wood is it made out of ? 
does it need to be put together or does it come intact ? 
what size is the boat ? 
would appreciate getting the dimensions for this cabinet . thanks 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
i 'm confused on the dimensions . is the total width only 20 '' ? if so , that would make the drawers and the dog crate only 10 '' each -- right ? 
is there assembly required ? 
side unit with drawers not available through amazon , where is it available to purchase ? does not say out of stock ! 
i 'm really interested but confused on the dimensions . is the picture above showing 2 separate pieces ? it does n't seem possible for this to only be 20 '' 
i do n't understand the dimensions mentioned in the one of the answers below . how can this unit have a dog crate & amp ; drawers and only be 20 '' wide ? 
your information says we can order one with 2 drawers instead of the dog crate , is that possible ? how long for shipping ? 
if i bought two units would they fit flush together ? 
what are the dimensions of the dog crate ? what size of dog will fit in there ? 
how long is the cord ? 
what voltage is this pump ? i need 220v 
can i use this product with hot water ? what is the working temperature range 
is this a self-priming pump ? 
does this pump have some kind of speed control ? i guess i am just concerned about a stuck mash if it is pulling to hard . thanks ! 
can i adjust the speed ? 
is this pump food grade 
what are your measurements and your weight ? 
how do you prime the pump so as not to run it dry ? 
what 's the country of origin ? usa or prc ? 
is this the pump head only ( as the headline reads ) or the entire pump ? 
do i need to oil this before i use it ? 
is 6 pounds the shipping weigth ? 
i need this pump in 220 230v . is there available ? thanks . 
can this pump be used with 230v 50hz mains electricity ? 
can this handle somewhat thicker liquids like apple sauce or ketchup ? 
does the motor comes with pump head ? 
is this to purchase the whole pump or just the head as stated in the previous customers comment ? 
is this glass ? 
i might be missing it , but is this a set of plates ( since the title name is ... plates ) or just one ? if a set - how many ? thank you 
is one plate $ 8.99 or is it a set ? i saw the same plate at anna 's linens for $ 2.49 but they are now out of them . 
what size is charger plate 
what is diameter of palce 
is this made out of soid wood ? 
has this desk made any ones pc over heat ? i just got mine and put my pc in it and it seems to be running fine but a little warm 
how much knee room is there , i.e. , height from floor to bottom of keyboard tray ? 
what are the dimentions for the tower shelf 
could the self above the tower opening be taken out ? if so could a tower this size 22.3 x 11.2 x 22.1 inches fit in that opening ? 
can this desk be put together without the printer shelf ? 
how do the screws go in on part number 28 ? i am not able to figure out how the second screw go inside the hole that at the curved edge . 
order just arrived but it looks too small to contain the desktop . should this arrive in two packages ? 
honestly , do you think this desk will be able to comfortably hold two 24 '' monitors ? 
does the lid actually say canon , and not some variant like canium ? 
how big is it ? volume ? 
does the mug look as good as the pictures shown on the page ? 
does it clean edges ? 
for the past several years i have used bagless uprights ( dyson , orrick , shark ) . what are the advantages vs. disadvantages of this vacuum vs. a bagless upright ? how often do you change the bags ? do you find the suction stronger ? thanks . 
does it have adjustable suction so i can clean some throw rugs also ? 
are there any tools included ? or can tools be purchased separately ? 
i bought this vacuum for my laminant floors ; it seems it would be better for carpeting . it is very loud and suction is too strong for my area rugs . 
what are the differences between vtplus and galaxy model ? is one newer than the other ? 
can you use this vacuum cleaner on jute rugs ? 
will it lie flat enough to go under beds ? 
can someone tell me the width of the brush roll ? also is the bottom plate metal or plastic ? 
how does this work on both short and long shag carpeting ? 
how come i ca n't seem to get anyone to ship this item to me in canada ? 
where is this item manufactured ? 
what is a slide top lid ? 
hello , aside from the shipping box , did these tumblers arrive in a box with a description of it or cleaning instructions ? suitable for gift giving ? 
can the insulated area be filled wiht water and frozen ? 
are the glasses refillable ? 
what is the diameter of the cup ? 
hi -- do you get 2 glasses or is the set considered a glass and lid ? thanks . 
why is there a photo of only 1 cup when this is a set of 2 ? 
is this cookware acyual licensed : fiestaware '' cookware ... .like the dishes ? does it have the dancing lady logo ? or is it cookware called fiesta ? 
are you still satisfied with this cookware ? does it stick 
is this cookware set dishwasher safe ? 
is the cookware made in the us or china ? 
is this cookware induction capable . 
can you remove the clear plastic part on the bottom ( where water is pulled in ) to clean if the plastic part gets clogged or accumulates pet hair ? 
would you recommend for pet owners ? i have 4 pets and wonder if the pieces are easy enough to take apart to remove hair that will surely accumulate 
can the brushes be shut off 
can it be used without using chemicals 
how long is the cord ? ? 
have you any idea whether this machine work in a place where the power is 50 cycles per second , instead of 60 ? 
when do we use the wash cycle - while we are cleaning or after rug is completely done ? 
does the fh50150 have any type of low water indicator on it ? 
can you leave the cleaning solution in it and just empty the dirty water out , if you 're using it several times per week for small spot cleanings ? 
can this be used on bur bur carpet 
how often do you replace the filter ? 
i 've lost my booklet , how do you clean the filters ? can you hose them down ? 
what difference does the 5-stage versions make over 3-stage versions ? 
does the winix p450 come with a washable hepa filter like the 5500 model ? ? i see on the winix website they offer two large 21 '' & amp ; 25 '' washable filters ? 
is the plasmawave able to be turned off and on at will by the user ( i.e . is there a an on off for the plasmawave ) ? 
what 's its cadr rating ? 
does it comes with extra carbon filters ? ? 
does it use ozone ? 
can you turn off the plasmawave feature ? 
hi everyone , does this unit need lots of room -- how far from the wall should it be placed to suck in the air ? thanks 
does the p300 have a remote control ? 
what 's the difference between this purifier and the 5300 ? 
how good would this be for a bedroom ? primarily for light , not too much worried about noise ( i sleep better with white noise but not light ) 
can it be used on it 's side ? 
how long do filters last ? i 've had mine on since mid-april . when should i change the first filter ? 
the cricket buzzing noise , does it go away ? 
which replacement filters fit into this unit , and where can they be purchased ? 
how many square feet does this unit cover ? 
can you turn off the plasmawave ? the answers below conflict each other 
if i set purifier to manual high and power off , will it remember this setting when pressing the power back on ? 
can you clean the filters , or do they need to be replaced ? 
how often do the filters have to be replaced ? 
i need a small unit for a 250 sq ft space . this would be a great size . there are no smokers or pets but the air needs freshening . would this work ? 
what is the cost of replacement filters 
is this model similar to the model b151 ? ( i just bought that one at costco ) 
can this skillet go in the broiler ? 
will the handle get hot while cooking ? 
how heavy is it 
where is it made ? 
does 10.25 '' represent the rim-to-rim diameter or the cooking surface diameter ? 
can you use metal on this ? 
where can i find a lid 
will a dell venue tablet fit ? 
can it stand vertically or only horizontally ? 
is it roomy enough on the inside to store college notes , papers , and etc ? 
will my ms surface tablet fit in this case ? 
can i use the square or paypal here cc attachments while my ipad 2 is in this binder ? also , does it offer ample device protection ? thanks ! 
will it fit an i pad 2 ? 
will this work for galaxy note tablet ( 10.1 '' ) ? 
a couple of ? 's . does this unit leave a white power all over , and how noisy is it ? 
i am thinking of buying one ... how silent are they ? i am extremely sensitive to noise while sleeping in the night the slightest humming noise can keep me awake . also , does the unit have a night light ? and if so , can it be covered up ? again , i have ... 
does this unit last & gt ; 2yrs ? i want a humidifier that lasts , & amp ; despite regular cleaning my units stop after 1 season- hoping for a tougher model 
how big of a room can this be used in 
what does `` clean mist technology helps prevent the growth of molds and mildews on the surface of the tank '' mean ? does this have uv light to clean ? 
is it normal for the surface around the unit to get moist ? i would think yes since the mist shoots up and would settle around it . how to minimize ? 
how often do you need to replace the cartridges for hard water ? 
what are the dimensions of this bowl height ? 
how many ounces do these glasses hold ? 
where to order the extra lid cover ? phone no ? 
are the bowls oven safe ? 
are these stack-able ? 
how to order extra lid cover ? 5 1 2 inch 
also looking for replacement lids . 
how many ounces do these bowls hold ? 
are the containers leak-proof ? 
can i get replacement lids ? my set is old and the lids have cracked 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
do they actually hold 16 ounces ? 
how sturdy are these glasses ? would they hold up to the occasional drop knock over ? i 'm looking for sturdy all around drink glasses . 
do you think these would be ok for coffee ? 
are the bottoms flat or slightlly concave or concave ? 
what 's the top and bottom diameter of the glass ? 
i 'm trying to replace a few missing glasses from a set , and mine are quite heavy . how much does each one of these glasses weigh ? 
are these microwave safe ? for heating up milk or water for 1-3 mintues ? 
can this be used for hot and cold beverages ? 
how tall are these glasses ? 
how many ounces do these bowls hold ? how tall are they ? 
are the arc bowls oven safe ? 
i have 5 1 2 ' 
love the bowl . need new lids for 9 inch bowl . can you help me find two ? 
can i bake with these bowls in an oven ? 
i just bought a scoby & hellip ; could someone please share a recipe ? i have no idea what to do . any good youtube videos ? 
how much kombucha with each scoby make ? some say that they are guaranteed for 1 gallon per scoby , but most do n't specify . my container is 2 gallons . 
i 'm a newbie to kombucha growing . can someone direct me to or provide more info about what i will need to do to grow this ? thx ! 
i want to order a scoby and then fly home with it . how can i travel with it ? and how long will it last in transit out of the refrigerator ? 
does the starter kit come with some kombucha tea ? the directions i have seen say you have to have some to start the fermenting process 
how do you know if it is a sterile baby ? 
it is literally freezing here ... if it freezes will it still work 
i want to make 5 gallons of kombucha . will this scoby work or will i have to build it up ? 
i have been brewing a kombucha made with black tea for 7 days . it 's ph today is 4. is this a safe level for bottling , or does it need to be below 4 ? 
if i want to start going with 2 brews at a time , can i just cut the scoby in half ? 
does water contact any metal within the device ? ( this was asked before , but there were opposite answers ) 
how easy to clean is chef 's choice 6800001 ? 
this looks like and is named similar to m680 at 2x price w amazon , except for the model number . what 's diff ? 
can you please tell me what is the tab thing that sticks out below the handle ? 
how fast does the water boil ? 
chef 's choice has m680 at 1 2 amazon price . is this an older model ? 
does it automatically shut off when the water gets to boiling ? 
how do you clean the mineral deposits on the inside stainless steel bottom of the kettle ? 
bottom inside is glassed ? 
bpa free ? is it full glass inside or lid is plastic inside and contact with boiling water ? do you have to open lid when pour water ? 
does the box have to be mounted to the wall or is it capable of sitting on a counter top ? 
you 've had this product since may . do you still like it ? i am thinking of getting one as a christmas gift and would love to know how it is after sever 
is there a separate hole for the cords ? they do n't appear to come up & amp ; out through the metal tubes . 
is this paintable 
will a two inch straightener fit in one if the holes ? 
does this come already assembled ? 
what are the dimensions of the item ( when closed the door is closed ) ? and can it be mounted to something other than a wall ? 
sorry , did n't finish that last question . what is the width and depth of the blow dryer hole ? 
what sizes are the holes for the flat and curling iron ? 
in the pic the cords are rapped up nicely in the box , but how do you pull out the curling to use it if the cords are rapped around 
where can i get the skirt for comforter for full size bed ? 
how many pieces is this product ? just the comforter ? ? 
only comforter ? how many pieces you have in this set ? 
is the back side of the desk finished ? 
what are the measurements of the large center box square ? i need to know if my laptop will fit in there . thanks 
is the desk completely black all over ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is any assembly of this model required ? if so , are screws nails included 
what is it made out of ? 
can the backing be removed to access the cubbies from both sides ? 
i want to know how wide the bookcase is to see if it will fit the space i want to put between a column and a radiator cover 
can this desk hold up a keyboard tray ( approx . 15-20 lb ) attached to the underneath of the desk 
what are the dimensions of the cubbies ? 
it says espresso on the top , but in the text it says the color is white . please let me know what color it is exactly . i was looking for a brown table . 
picture shown and info in the pdf from website show this as `` rich black . '' amazon description at top of the page shows color as white . which is it ? 
are all the edges and sides finished ? for example , could the desk be turned so the shelf is on a right side wall ? 
i am wondering how deep the cubbies are on the bookshelf part . what are the dimensions of the bookshelf and the desk parts ? how tall is desk ? 
i need the demensions for this product ? 
size of unit 
i have a 32 '' inch tv , but i 'm concerned that the support mount back rail will stick out on the sides ? is this true ? 
can we adjust the height ? 
does it come with the screws needed to mount the tv ? 
at the full height extension , how high is the bottom of the tv off the ground ? 
why does n't ad display how the mount holds the tv . why does n't ad state which tvs are compatible ? ugh 
screw holes on back of tv do not line up with rods that hold onto mount -- can i turn mount vertical and and hang rods horizontal ? 
i wan na order this but im concern that the weight of my tv would make it fall ... i have a 50 '' vizio smart tv ? 
is the position of the glass shelf adjustable ? 
what are the dimensions of the base ? i there any room under the base to slide a flat hdmi cable under it ? 
what are inside dimensions ? 
i am wall mounting the tv above a fireplace . will this work as a cabinet for the direct tv and dvd components 
does it has opening in back ? planning to buy this and want to use it for audio video purpose . so when they get heat heat should be vented out right ? 
is the glass clear because in the pic it appears to be almost black ? 
do remotes work through glass or do you have to open door ? 
would this work as a sewing table ? sturdy enough to hold a sewing machine ? 
what are the dimensions after is put together , and does it fold ? and does it have o be mounted on the wall ? 
how high is the table part ? and how wide is it at it 's widest point ? 
does this craft desk require assembly ? 
anyone know the dimensions of the box that the item comes packaged in ? 
what weight will it hold ? thanks ! 
what are the dimentions of the cubes ? i 'd like to purchase bins for them . 
can an under-desk computer keyboard drawer be installed ? meaning , can you drill bolts into it and have them stay in place ? 
when i assemble this is it possible to turn the short set of cubes towards the inside of the desk ? i want to put it between 2 walls in a nook . 
i am a little concerned that many reviewers state you need to glue pieces together ? ? is their actually hardware and is is stable ? 
are there seams around each of the cups or are they molded out of a solid piece of metal ? 
where was this mini muffin pan made ? 
where is this muffin pan manufactured ? 
how will this hold up to teenagers & amp ; bachelors ? i know the knives will be inserted to remove the food . should i stick with cast iron ? 
what country is this product made in ? 
do you have a 4 in diameter springform cake pan ? 
the use and care instructions and the 5 year warranty address are unreadable , can you please post these two items ? 
what grade stainless steel ? 18 10 
would you be able to tell me the diameter ( s ) of each muffin cavity ? i.e. , both top diameter and **bottom** . ( i have a giant supply of mini muffin pa 
up to what oven temperature can this muffin pan go ? 
do remote controls work through the glass door ? 
what are the dimensions ? i need something that is 22w x 14 or 16 inches deep . thx 
could i stack a stocked mini fridge , about 70 lbs , on top ? 
could i stack a stocked mini fridge , about 70 lbs , on top ? 
how much weight can i stack on top ? 
are there holes in the back , inside cabinet for cords to go through ? 
looking for interior width dimenson 
can this be set up to have the shelf in a spot where it will support 2 rows of vinyl records ? 
how is this different from `` nexera 101706 pinnacle 1-door audio tower , black `` want to buy one of this for my small living room . http : www.amazon.com nexera-101706-p ... 
what are the dimensions of pinnacle 101915 
how tall is it ? 
the length of the drawers ( inside width ) x depth x height of this drawers 
what is this made out of ? 
would this be good for storing dvds , blu rays and cds . i 'm not sure if 5 inches high is high enough to stand them up on there side . 
i am having trouble getting the drawers to fit , any suggestions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the color blackforest on this product because i 'm trying to buy a set for my kids room which are blackforest ? this one has the hardware different . 
what are the dimensions of this dresser ? 
is it made in america ? 
can the containers handles be washed in dishwasher ? thanks . 
what is the length and width of the mold ( not counting the stick ) ? 
how many ounces of liquid does each pop hold ? size ? 
how many square feet does it cover 
can ionizer be turned off ? 
can ionizer be turned off ? 
how long does it last ? should it be kept on the fridge or pantry ? 
do you ship this product ( hrs ) regardless of the temperature ? here it 's about 90 degrees . 
can this be shipped to m & eacute ; xico ? 
is this comparable to sweetex ? 
is this comparable to sweeten ? 
is this product gluten free ? 
can you tell who gives the kosher supervision ? and is it parve ? 
what are the ingredients of this shortening , please - specifically , does it contain soy ? 
what are your shipping methods ? 
what does the red light mean - iron or do n't iron ? 
how many watts does consume ? 
good evening do i want to know the dimensions of the package where i can visualize them ? 
comes in original box ? 
how do i clean the bottom of the ir03v steam iron ? 
how do you put water in theiro3v 
does it have auto off feature ? if so , how many mins before shutting off ? 
what is the iron watts ? 
what is plastic attachment that comes in box 
what size is this case ? 
can you hang on wall 
will this fit an xl football jersey ? 
what is the size of this box ? 
what is the depth ? 
is it real glass ? 
does it measure also liquids like milk , juice , ... ? ? is it accurate ? does it last ( has somebody this scale since a long time ? ) ... is it resistant ? 
can you put a plate on it and zero it out then add your food weight or do you have to place it directly on the surface ? 
how much time does it last before switching off automatically ? 
are batteries included ? 
can you tell me what batteries this uses ? 
how long until it automatically turns off ? 
can the battery be recharged and how long does the battery last ? 
what are the dimensions of the heater ? 
we do not own our own golf cart as our club does not allow personal carts . how easy is it to connect to an electric golf cart ? 
how much does this futon weigh ? i see that the shipping weight is listed at 50 pounds . does the futon actually weigh 50 pounds ? 
how does this futon work as an ottoman ? i would need to fold it and use it as one , do not have room to store it . 
will this be long enough for a 6'3 ' man ? 
does this have a removable cover ? 
does this bed retain its firmness with every night use ? thanks ! 
is it possible to fold this all the way when sheets bedding are on it or does the mattress have to be stripped in order to fold ? 
can anyone compare this to the http : smile.amazon.com gp product b0 ... ? 
how do i remove the white label from the seam of the futon . the label that says that it can only be removed by the consumer . 
when this is folded up what are the dimensions ? i 'm assuming it is 18 '' thick , 39 '' long and about 25 '' wide . is that correct ? i want to use it as an ottoman when folded but have a very small space . thanks for any input . 
would this mattress be considered firm or very firm ? 
does it come with a case ? if yes , is it any good ? comfy ? can it be removed and washed in a laundry machine ? 
what size is it when shape into an ottoman ? 
could anyone provide me with a better picture or description as to what the `` natural '' color is ? is it like a white or beige ? 
when not folded up , and when positioned like in the picture does it stay in that position ? 
is the color a lighter tan , closer to ivory or off-white , or a darker tan , closer to khaki ? 
does this futon have an inner cover as well as an outer zippered cover ? 
did this have a bad odor ? 
does the foam mattress have a bad smell ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
is it just foam or does it come with a cover ? 
is the cover removable 
can it hang under a falt screen tv ? 
i have installed it on the wall but the cord plugs into the wall plug right above where the heat comes out . does that pose a risk ? 
where does the heat eminate fom ( top , bottom , or sides ) ? 
can it be install in a bathroom wall 
how many feet does it cover . is their a cord on it . 
where i s the electrical outlet located , back or side 
can you have the flames without the heat ? 
does it use a wall socket 
does this have a remote control 
does the side lighting have color control ? i can see yellow , white and blue light in the illustration . is this side lighting intensity controllable ? 
is the cover machine washable ? 
can you purchase a frame to elevate it ? 
what material is the covering ? can it be left outside in rain 
to go into another room away from my snoring husband , would this work ? putting a 4 '' foam topper on top ; would this make it more comfortable ? 
has anyone tried putting two of these together to make a double futon , and do they stay together ? 
does a twin size sheet fit on this ? 
does it tie together when folded 
are there any storage containers for the shikibuton ? 
what exactly is the filling ? microfiber ? what ? 
does this comforter have corner tabs so that you can tie a duvet cover to it ? 
do you need to by a seprete duvet ? 
is this comforter machine washable ? 
are the bread supports nearly as wide as the openings . my russell hobbs toaster finally broke when we could n't get a poptart that had slipped off the support 
how long are the slots , i.e. , will it handle wide artisan breads ? 
is this toaster ready for use in the usa ? meaning , our 100-120 volt usage ? 
from where is is product manufactured ? are the materials of good quality ( metal not too thin and easily dented ) ? thanks . 
how long is the cord ? 
is this toaster wired for use in north america ? thanks . 
has anyone had trouble with the defrost button no longer being able to light up when pushed ? 
does it toast evenly ? 
how many watts is this toaster ? 
what is the wattage of this russell hobbs ? d.p . 
could you attach a string to pull it back if it flips gets stuck ? ( i can reach only one end of gutter w ladder ) 
will it make turns at the corners inside and outside corners . think not , but i must ask . 
can it be completely underwater in case of a flooded gutter ? 
i assume this robot can only travel linearly ? as in if i have a square roof , do i have to pick up and reset for each straight run ? 
my gutter has galvanized metal straps connecting the top front edge to the top rear edge , every 10 feet . will the looj fit under these straps ? 
how well does it work on long pine needles ? 
older models used to just sling the muck out of the gutter and make a mess . is that still the case ? 
will this work on pine needles in gutter which make like a thick carpet matt ? i live in new england . 
do we need to remove the gutter cover ? 
can i sit on the roof 5 feet away from the gutter and mechanically drive it into the gutter ? 
i see markings for 10-12 cups on the water tank . i 'm wondering if it 's actually possible to make that amount of coffee 
does this use cone or basket filters ? ca n't tell from the pictures 
what coffee filters does this model take ? which brand is best ? 
can any one tell me what the shower head looks like .is it a shower head that will saturate the coffee grounds or just a hole at the top of the brew basket 
the product picture shows an inserted washable filter , which it does n't come with . are there compatible 3rd party filters to use ? 
does this beep ? or make much noise when brewing ? 
what temperature is the coffee after brewing ? 
where do you buy a replacement carafe 
how tall is it ? can one make less than 8 cups ? 
how much plastic is used in this machine..esp . the part the filter sets on . im guessing it 's plastic like they mostly all are ? 
is this a plastic free kettle ? 
is the inside stainless steel also ? are there any plastic parts touching the water ? 
is this made in china ? 
how many cups of water does it hold 
do you have any kettles made in the usa ? i will not buy any made in china , the materiels they use are questionable ! ! 
what are the kettle dimensions ? 
what is the wattage of this unit ? 
where is the power cord ? 
does the kettle have an english or an american plug ? 
is this kettle an automatic shut off ? one person commented that it is not . i assumed it would be 
the red paint started coming off . is that common ? i purchased my kettle couple of years ago and now i have a silver material showing everywhere 
is this bpa free ? 
what is the warrantee ? also , is the red a deep red or lighter candy apple red ? thanks ! 
how is pouring from this kettle ? has anyone noticed dripping , splashing and such from it ? i bought sunpentown sk-1717 and have this dripping problem . 
what is the wattage of this unit ? 
how many watts is it ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair gap ? ( how high wide deep -- need to see if my desk chair fits ) 
is the back wood finish or paper board ? i 'm looking for something that can face out into the room . 
do the drawers hold legal size papers hanging files ? 
i can not get a close up- is the finish solid , or is it fake wood-grain slightly textured ? 
can the slide out keyboard drawer be removed ? does it come pre-installed ? 
what is the true color ? in the picture , it appears to be a brownish black , not solid black 
i take it that the large compartment on the right is for your pc tower right ? 
what is the measurement of width from outside leg to outside leg ? the width at the desktop is said to be 59 inches . top seems to overhang some 
is the desk solid wood or particle board ? 
can this fit my 760t and my 2 27inch monitors and other accessories like spakers 
how many spatula come on each package ? 4 ? 
i just ordered 3 of these and would like to request the colors of blue , orange , and green . please advise . thank you 
what is the length and width of this spatula ? 
can i specify the color of the spatula ? i am interested in purchasing 4-6 of them . do you carry black ? 
ok stupid question , which side are you suppose to use , both look like they would work ? i kinda hope the side that would make a rim , but prob not ? 
what resin have you found works best w this mold ? 
how much resin will i need for each mold ? 
after your done making the coaster , is it completly flat on both top and bottom ? i have a `` coaster mold '' and it looks like it would be rounded on top . 
did you need to use a mold release spray ? i 'm wondering if i need to bother spending extra money on it , or if they will pop right out . thanks . 
why is it so expensive ? 
the welds on one side of my filter have failed and the mesh is no longer attached to the frame - how can i get a replacement ? 
filter to thick for aeropress to close ? ? ? help ! paper filters work fine but metal filter seems too thick preventing closing of the bottom . 
what 'grind ' of coffee do you use for this filter ? 
how many microns is this filter ? 
why does a tiny paper thin item that could easily be shipped in a plain envelope with a postage stamp cost $ 3.50 to ship ? ! 
could this be used for tea also ? 
is the welding material also 100 % stainless steel ? thank you . 
which side of the filter is the side that 's supposed to face down ? i ca n't tell , does it matter ? 
do paper filters remove chlorogenic acid from coffee ? i have the aeropress and that is my one concern using the paper filters . 
does stainless steel model have any warranty ? 
does that dehydrator works with 220v power ? 
are the stainless steel models just as loud or louder quieter than the plastic ones ? 
does excalibur offer a plastic 9 tray and timer unit with stainless trays as a package instead of buying the stainless trays piecemeal for the plastic 9 tray with timer unit ? i do n't care about the outside stainless , just where the food is dried 
the one i got bled red dye on the butter and threads of the handle . boiled it and it turned the water red and the dispenser pink . 
does anyone know what kind of plastic this is made of ? what is the recycling number ? is it bpa-free ? 
how large is the tube ? can i use it with the short , fat , quarters sold at costco , 1.5 '' x1.5 '' x3.25 '' ? 
has anyone used this for goat cheese ( to prepare finger food on biscuits ) ? 
how wide is the mouth ? 
what are the dimensions on these jars ? 
how many onces per jar ? 
are these glass jars ? 
what is the dimensions 
how big are these jars ? 
is there a rubber gasket around the lid ? ( it does n't look like it , but that would make a tighter seal ) 
do these have have shaker lids ? or are they just the clip-on tops ? how delicate are the clips ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
how many ounces of a spice do they hold ? how tall is the jar ? 
what is the width from clasp to clasp ? 
would these be water-tight for liquids ? want to do infused liquor samples in them . 
what is the height of the spice jars ? 
how tight are the rubber seals ? do they come off after opening the jar ? do you have to constantly adjust them each time you open and close ? 
how large are they in diameter ? 
how big is the portafilter ? 
got a new villaware espresso and can not get it to brew . tried different grinds , tamper , etc but no luck . the water boils , but will not come through . 
can you fit a 4 cup carafe under this unit ? 
why is n't there a recall on this product ? i 'm in the `` paper weight '' camp ; machine never worked from day 1 
instruction booklet for villaware 15 bar pressure pump espresso maker 
what is the wattage of this ? i have one already and getting a second for an old house , and can not find this info anywhere ! thanks ! 
what size tamper do i need for the portafilter ? 
any problems with leaking ? 
what is the height of the entire jug ? 
the spigot leaked . we saw that it was cracked . where can i get a new spigot ? 
if this is a 2 gallon jug , what does the 5.9 ounces mean in the discription ? 
how long does it take to fill a glass of water ? is the spigot `` frustration-free '' ? thanks ! 
what is the country of origin of this product ? 
can this container withstand holding hot water ? 
for those who state that spigot can be replaced , where can a replacement be found ? any link would be appreciated . thx 
does anyone know if this has lead ? 
is the glass lead free ? its made in china so not so sure ? ? 
does it come with a bung , spigot , and stand ? 
is the inside charred ? 
where is this product assembled ? 
does the barrel head ( flat part ) come off if needed , or is the whole thing assembled permanently already ? 
is this guaranteed to hold liquid ? 
how do you personalize it ? 
what is the metal material in the spigot ? i am looking to age vinegar , will that material be fine to use with it ? 
my brother can only use his left hand and arm . would he be able to use this ? 
is it good materiel ? 
shirt 
what 's the vertical space between the shelf . is it 11inches ? 
i 'm thinking of using this as a room divider in a studio apartment . will it be sturdy if not leaning against a wall ? 
how high is the bottom part that sits against the baseboard ? 
could 2 of these be stacked if put against a wall ? ( i plan to use these mainly for books ) . 
would hardcover picture books fit in the shelves ? i would like to use this in a nursary . 
thinking of it as room divider , is it finished on the back side ? also , would it be stable enough if it was n't up against a wall ? 
how much height is there to the shelves ? 
is there a mop cleaning pad included ? 
how does the moneual compare tp the roomba ? which one cleans better ? 
i got mine 2 days ago . it runs for only a few minutes then would say it needs to charge . now it barely moves out of the charge station . help ! ! 
can this item be used on 220v of power ? 
i 've removed edge brushes and main brush and i still get error 3. it will run for a few minutes then error again . any suggestions ? 
my family room is a step down . will it fall off the tile in the kitchen into the family room ? 
how do your keep track of it ? it seems to get lost then shut off not being able to find it 
how do your keep track of it ? it seems to get lost then shut off not being able to find it 
what is the compatible voltage to charge it ? if i want to use it outside us . 
i have been having this problem for about two months . before i return it as it is still under warranty , any hints clearing the error 3 code ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this poster ? 
poster is listed as 36x24 but people are saying it is a 39x55 
poster is listed as 36x24 but people are saying it is a 39x55 
where can i get a cheap frame for it 
what are the full dimensions ? 
does the raised ridge that holds things when the desks is at an angle come off or is it permanent , does anyone know ? 
is the tilt of the split section adjustable to different angles ? 
can anyone tell me how big the openings above and below the drawer are ? i would greatly apreciate it . 
is the lip removable , and if not , does it get in the way when the desk is being used flat ? 
can this be used as a stand-up desk ? i 'm only 5'3 '' 
what is the surface size of the working area ( the tilt portion ) and what is the surface size of the storage side of the table ? 
how close is the color to what is pictured ? is it a darker espresso like other dorel asia espresso furniture ? 
what is the angle range of the tilted section of the desk ? ( i.e . 0 to 45 degrees ) 
what is the desk made out of ? 
i need two for head board and two for foot board , does a set of 2 accomplish this ? 
i assume this will also convert a full-size to a queen=size ? 
would this work if installed vertically ? my headboard has screw holes on each side @ 10.5 '' & amp ; 14 '' off the floor . 
will this work to bolt metal bed frame to king size headboard made from old solid wood pocket door ? currently there are no holes slots in headboard . 
will this work to bolt frame to headboard made from old wood pocket doorll have to be drilled into headboard ? 
i have a king headboard that has square legs that are about 5 inches across . the headboard is very tall and heavy . will this be secure ? 
can this be used to convert a full-size headboard to a queen frame , or is there a similar one that would do that ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
how shallow of a mattress will this fit ? i have a 4 '' futon mattress - will this hang off or be pulled taut ? 
is this zippered or fitted ? 
is this item machine washable ? 
is the top of the mattress cover soft just like your sheet feels ? does it feel like plastic covers like ones you put on couches ? 
is this waterproof enough to be a complete barrier for a potty training toddler who will have accidents ? 
what is height of mattress this encases ? 
is this made of polyester or 100 % cotton ? 
is this really waterproof ? 
is this mug ok for microwave oven ? 
what is the height ? 
how do i invoke the warranty for replacement of mugs that have developed cracks along the seam . 
what is the diameter at the top ? my husband loves his old thermo-serv coffee mugs but does not like the newer tervis mugs because they are larger 
how many come in this package for $ 28.41 ? 
can these be microwaved ? 
are these bpa free ? 
are mugs microwavable ? 
can i get an answer to why these are called glass but made of plastic ? 
can i just put a cup instead of the carafe to get coffee ? 
is this is made in china ? 
does it work with instant or ground coffee ? ! 
my frother is not working as well as it used to - has anyone had experience correcting this situation ? does it involve taking the machine apart ? thx ! 
how long does it take to heat up from start to finish ? 
does this have a two or three prong plug ? 
what else do i need to buy to make this work ? it 's a gift . 
my steam wand stops working ! when i turn the knob to the steam option , nothing happens , the machine just sits there ... what should i do ? 
what 's the length of the steam wand ? can i use a 20oz frothing pitcher , or will it be too tall ? will the wand still reach the bottom of the pitcher ? 
what are the dimensions of this pyramid pan ? 
how do i wash it 
could you throw this in the washing machine to clean it 
can you use it in a griller where heat is directly above the mat ? 
what are rules for cooking in a microwave ? 
can the pyramid pan be used in a convection oven ? 
how difficult to clean ? 
i did n't get any instructions with mine ; recipes ? 
what is the real temperature these can be used up to ? the box says 428 , but i was using it at 450 to bake frozen fish , because qvc said up to 500 ? 
has anyone had trouble with the mat making a weird smell and causing smoke alarms to go off ? the first time i used it to cook pork tenderloin ( at 425 degrees ) i had to remove it b c of a weird smell and my smoke alarm going off again and again . does ... 
does this have a non skid backing ? 
this rug is seafoam in color . is this a blue green color ? i have a few teal accessories in my bathroom . will this color clash ? 
does this have varied texture and does it show footprints ? 
is this rug just for use in a bathroom , or would it look work okay in an entryway where people come in with wet shoes ? i like that it 's washable ! 
does this rug have same qualities as microfiber rug ? oft to touch , constructed to absorb water quickly , and dries fast features a non-skid , no-slip bac 
is the item durable 
how well does this item wash ? 
is this a bright hot pink ? 
what are dimensions of assembled rack ? ( dimensions listed , but on amazon these are sometimes wrong , or are package dimensions . ) 
what is the height between the wood platform and the shelf above it ? 
are any of the shelves glass ? 
does anyone know if the shelves on the bottom are optional and how far off the ground the counter is ? looking for something to fit over a mini fridge 
how thick is the wood ? can it be used as a cutting board . is it real wood or laminate ? 
is 23 x 15 the actual dimentions ? that is the exact size i have to work with . 
the second shelf from the top ... .the one right above the main large wooden one ... . can it be assembled without that shelf ? thanks ! 
is there a place to hang wine glasses ? 
can this be used on an outdoor patio ? 
what is the total width of the bakers rack ? 
what is the volume of the kettle ? 
where was this product manufactured ? thanks . 
the item shows a cord , but the description says cordless - which is it ? 
is there any plastic inside the kettle , especially coming in contact with the water ? 
question about the dimensions ... what is the length between the legs on the bottom ? what is the 22.8 dimension ? can glass rack hang on side ? 
could you please answer the questions about the dimensions ? ! 
can you please tell me what is the space between 2 tines . i have plates which are deep and want to know whether the plate can fit in between the tines 
how big of a plate can it accomodate ? does the metal bar running along the side prevent a large plate from being held securely ? i have large square di 
is these a flexible fondue set , like i can make chocolate and cheese or only meat ? thanks 
where is this made ? 
does this burner take liquid sterno ? if so , where can you purchase lakewood sterno ? 
can this fondue pot be used for cheese as well ? 
does this pot work well with cheese and chocolate ? 
is this product for meat only or can you do cheese and chocolate also ? 
is this product for meat only or can you do cheese and chocolate also ? 
what type of fuel does use - little cans of sterno or liquid gel ? 
what color is the tray , clear or white ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how many plates does it hold ? 
does it have any warranty 
i 'm having a tough time finding a dish rack that fits my sink . does this rack fit the large side of a double sink ? 
i 'm having a tough time finding a dish rack that fits my sink . does this rack fit the large side of a double sink ? 
rust 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it fit well inside sink 
does this stainless steel products rust ( some does even though it 's supposed to be stainless steel ) ? what 's the dimensions ? 
what size is this decanter ? 
does it come with shot glass 
i was planning on getting this for christmas and the shipping says 18-26 days . any way that i can get it sooner ? 
is it made in china ? 
is it made of glass or acrylic 
what is size of decanter without top plug ? 
how tall is it in inchs please ? 
the shipping is world wild ? 
do you get the box with it too ? 
does it come with liquor ? 
is this a good choice to store homemade bread ? 
what are the dimensions ? ( outside ) 
where is this box made ? 
is it airtight ? 
what are the measurements of the breadbox ? 
will this hold a 2.5 loaf of bread they are tall loafs my loaf size is 8x12 
what are the measurements of the box ? 
how well do these fit fido wire bale canisters jars ? a ) are the inner and outer diameters snug ? b ) is the silicon material thick enough ? 
i need measurements of the inner and outer size of the rings 
size of ring 
is this item silicone , or is it rubber , or is it something else ? the reviews disagree . it really should be in the item name or description . 
will these fit wide mouth ball canning jars ? thanks 
will these work on standard canister set ? ? ? flour , sugar , cookie jar ? 
how thick are these gaskets ? not the diameter but the thickness . 1 mm ? 2 mm ? thanks in advance . 
i would like to actually use my ball bail jars for canning again . can these silicon rings be used successfully in home canning ? 
what is the inside and outside diameters of these rings ? 
is this egg separator dishwasher safe ? 
any one try this on a glass bowl ? 
would this work with only one hand ? my other hand is paralyzed so i would add it to my other one-handed kitchen tools . 
is this egg separator bpa and pvc free ? 
how do i get to the check out page ? 
does it come apart for cleaning completely ? if not are there places difficult to clean where crud can grow bacteria if you miss it ? 
does the print on the outside eventually rub off ? 
what 's the material ? glass or plastic ? 
new one and it is hard to slide . seems like it would break trying to separate it . can any one help ? saw on food network . looked easy . disappointed . 
can this be used as a beaker for an immersion blender ? 
is it microwave safe ? 
i noticed these have either red or black printing , how do i get the black print only ... thanks 
i do not want the one with the red printing ! ! do you carry the one with `` black '' printing ? ? 
is this bpa free ? 
is this made in china ? 
is this steamer large enough to work in a 10 '' diameter pot ? it says 7 '' and above ... but i recently bought a `` 7 '' and above '' and it swam in my 9.5 '' pot . 
has anyone else had any problems with the legs on the bottom of the steamer melting ? another reviewer posted a photo of it happening . 
will this fit in a 4 quart electric pressure cooker or would it be too tall ? can you fold the handles down while in the pressure cooker ? 
does this fit smaller pots ? 
the video never says how long to keep the food in the steamer once it 's in the boiling water . are there directions ? 
can you use it in rice cooker ? 
how do you get rid of the plastic-y taste on your food ? we do n't have a dishwasher and we have used it at least 3-4 times . any ideas ? 
can this is be placed in container with water to use in microwave ? 
how come your 20 oz mugs have different size dimentions ? 
i 'm trying to figure out if this will fit well on the mr. coffee electric cup warmer - what is the diameter of the cup 's base ? 
is this a product made in china ? if not where made ? 
how high is it 
does this insert have a blue glo at the bottom of the flame 
i would like to insert this into a space in my existing oak enterainment center , and use it as a heater occasionally . insulation requirements ? 
is the 19 '' width measuring the outermost edges or is that the actual face of the box ? 
i thought this had led lighting for the fire . can someone confirm ? 
can this simply be placed into the exciting ( non-functioning ) fireplace in our house without us needing to buy a separate surround or stand for it ? 
will this unit fit 19 inches high and 20 width 
does the space ( and old , non working fireplace ) needs to be 18inches plus 3 inches wide on each side = 24 inches wide , or would 22inches be enough ? 
does that tempature and other writing in the top right always show up ? 
i have a faux fireplace that has fake logs and uses gel cans- it 's 22 wide , can this be used for that ? 
what is it made out of of ? is it bpa free ? 
what size is each gummy bear ? standard ice size ? 
the picture shows 16 bears in the tray which is what i thought i was getting . just noticed the description says 8 bears . confused ? 
hi anyone : - ) how many trays come in the pack ? thanks so much nikki 
can this be put in the oven ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
where is this gummy bear mold made ? 
can you give me some sense of how thick the mattress pad is ? thank you . 
anyone had a spill or an accident and was able to tell if the mattress was protected from getting wet ? 
does this just lay on top or does it `` attach '' at the corners ? 
wash and dry at what temperature ? wash with what type soap detergent ? 
anyone have issues with the wool fibers escaping and getting all over the place ? i ask because a similar product has reviews complaining of such . 
this is a 2 part question : how thick is this pad ? and does it help with softening the effects of a too-firm mattress that is new , but i can not return ? 
is the one shown in the picture a queen size ? 
do you have a king size mattress pad ? 
does this work on a foam or latex mattress ? 
where is this product made ? are there any flame retardants used on this product or on the materials in this product ? how thick is the pad ? 
what size is this mattress pad ? do you have full size ? 
is this wet proof ? or will my mattress become wet with spills or if my baby pees on it ? 
is the top of the pad a knit material 
is the top of the pad a knit material 
are these silicone and bpa free ? 
what is the size of the opening of these straws ? i have some cups that have a small opening for the straw . 
are the straws soft or hard ? 
are these soft and flexible , or hard and rigid ? 
i am looking for straws like this for a taller tumbler.. 11 or 12 inches as opposed to 9. i need clear or purple . can anyone help ? 
length of straws 
will this be right size for the 16 oz tervis tumbler 
so when you bite the end of the straw , does it give at all , or is it just very hard , and could break ? 
will this straw be to long for a kids frozen snackeez ? 
can the straw be used for hot tea ? 
internal dimensions ? 
what is the maximum size roast or turkey that can be made ? 
is there a temperature limit in which these roasting pans can not exceed ? 
what is the base material of the pan , aluminum , cast or steel ? 
is this heavy like cast iron ? weight ? 
can this accommodate a turkey larger than 10lbs ? 
what are the dimensions , if you do n't have a ruler or tape measure , how about comparing it to a standard sheet of paper or a dollar bill or something like that ? 
just want to know the size of it 
is it made of stone ? 
what is the base material for this baking sheet ? also , what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this made out of wood or mdf material ? 
is the marble top a continuous piece or if separate pieces how big and how put together 
what are the dimentions of each of the middle shelves ? 
would a 55 '' flatscreen tv fit on this tv stand 
how tall and wide are the side spaces ? 
how deep is the tv stand ? i see it is 48 '' wide . 
is the wood black or brown ? 
are the shelves in the middle adjustable ? also , what are the dimensions of the shelf space ? 
is it flat packed or does it come built ? 
what is the measurement between lower shelf and upper beam in both side compartments ? 
can you fit a computer tower in the media area ? 
is this made of real wood ? 
does this roll well on a flat surface too or do the 3 wheels get in the way ? i 'd like one that easily goes up my stairs but also we can take on a walk to the park . 
dose this cart come in a larger size 
is the material on the blue stripped bag colorfast ? i have the . brown bag and the print portion of the bag bleeds and runs if it gets wet . 
what is the gallon capacity ? other carts say `` 8-gallon '' or `` 10-gallon capacity '' . i do n't see it on this page . maybe it 's in the manual ? thanks ! 
is handle length adjustable 
how do you get the wheels off to be replaced with new ones ? 
is the handle adjustable ? thank you . 
how do you go down stairs with a load ? 
how flat does it fold ? 
folded or collapsed dimensions 
how much weight will the seat hold ? i have a defective heart and have to sit down frequently but i need to do more walking , 
do you pull or push the caet ? 
can the cart go downstairs as well as up ? 
is it easy to access the chair ? 
what country was this manufactured in ? 
what are the actual dimensions of the bag , not including the chair ? 
how many pounds of groceries can it carry ? 
how much weight does chair hold ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does it roll backwards ? like if say , a well behaved toddler was sitting on the seat , could i tip it and roll it with her riding on it ? 
are thwe sheets soft 1500 thread count 100 % egyptian is that cotton or what 
after reading some of these comments about the thinness of the sheets . can you tell me are they thin . ? 
has anyone tried to return them ? i am very unhappy with them quality is not there 
what is the denier quality of the microfiber sheets shown here ? 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all the way around ? or just the corners ? 
will these sheets fit on a 60 inches width bed ? 
are they pillow cases , or pillow shams ? 
if these sheets are wrinkle-resistant ? 
if these sheets are egyptian cotton , why do n't they say so ? 
is this 100 % cotton ? 
are these queen or king sized ? the title says `` king '' but the description sounds like queen and i honestly do n't know what the measurements of my bed are . 
are they microfiber ? 
hey how can i comunicate with you have questions about sheets 
if not cotton , what are they made of ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
what are they made of ? what does egyptian fabric mean ? 
where can i buy extra pillow cases to go with this ? 
is the set 100 % cotton , sorry i not familiar with the term egyptian 
what size as these fitted sheets 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all the way around each side ? 
where were these sheets manufactured ? 
the picture makes the sheets look very shiny , are they actually that shiny ? 
which size do i need my matress is 180cm by 200cm ? 
can you confirm the product will have the same warranty that a purchase from the oreck store has ? they offer a 7 year warranty and 5 annual tune ups . 
does it come with any accessories ? 
i have bamboo wood floors and some vacuums scratch this floor terribly . do you think that this vacuum would be kind to my floors ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
will this go under a 6 '' high bed ? 
easy snap cord - is it supposed to be horizontal or vertical ? do you leave the cord permanently in the snap ? 
i am wondering how this is on stairs since you must drag the whole machine long each stair . do you work up a step using on stairs , or it 's easy ? 
hi what paperwork do we need to take this in for a tune up yearly ? 
does this vacuum work well on thick , soft nylon carpet ? this is a problem for many vacuums . is it hard to push ? any depth adjustment ? 
in the care of my long , shag rug it says `` do not use a rotary attachment '' . will this vacuum accommodate this ? 
will this work on my blendtech machine ? i 'm confused after reading about it on blendtech 's website . 
how is it at blending chia , flax , and oats ? 
does this item require the drive socket kit , or will it fit the vitamix as it is ? 
will this jar fit my oster vera ? basically a vitamix clone . 
does it blend as much food as the vitamix 64 oz ? 
can i put 64 oz . of fruit in this and then blend ? 
are the mixing blades stainless steel ? 
is it planetary action or is the beater centered in the mixing bowl ? 
it is called `` american era '' but its cheap-looking housing tells me it 's probably not made in america ... well , maybe south america . where is it made ? 
who manufactures this product 
does this company have attachments like the others ? meaning can i get things like a pasta roller or meat grinder for it ? 
useless without shelf dimensions and other specs 
how tall is the column ? 
the height ? 
so what are the dimensions and weight ? 
how hot does it get on the top , sides , and back when in use ? 
how many heat elements does it have ? 
what is the wattage of this toaster oven 
does this toaster have a pull-out crumb tray ? 
i need to know the outside dimensions of this product before i decide to buy it . is there any person who have measured the outside dimensions ? thank you . 
does this toaster oven have a shelf that automatically comes out when you open the door ? 
what are the interior dimensions , as exact as you can measure ? i have a 10.25 '' x 7.85 '' baking pan and i 'd like to know if it will fit . 
how many racks does it have 
is it 4or 6 slices ? 
does this have a two or three pronged plug ? 
what about toasting bread , everyone seems to rave only about bagels ? 
what are the dimensions ( footprint ) of this toaster ? 
does this toaster have a crumb tray at the bottom that slides out to remove all the crumbs that collect on the bottom ? 
does this toast bread on both sides simultaneously ? as in are there heating elements on both sides of all slots ? 
does this pop up enough so that english muffins can be removed without tongs or burnt fingers ? 
what is the length of the slots front to back . the one i have now is 6 inches x 1.5 inches and i really need the length . ? 
only 120v ? 
is there a cancel button ? 
what kind of spatula should be used on this pan ? 
how high is the actual pan ? it says 71 2 in that ca n't be 
what is the suggested initial before first use care on these ? oil them and put in oven ? i lost the instructions . 
what is the inside diameter 
would you buy this pan again 
can this pan be used on a ceramic top stove ? i know aluminum is not generally recommended . 
induction compatible ? 
is it safe to use it in a gas oven ? if yes , what 's the safe temperature to not melt the handle ? 
is this cadmium-free ? 
can this pot be used to fry a turkey 
what is the thickness gauge of the pot ? 
are the handles riveted or spot welded ? 
how do i remove the sticker from the ceramic without ruining the finish ? 
the outside of pans looks like ceramic but inside looks like teflon . is that what it is ? 
where are these pans made ? china ? ? 
are these pans as heavy ? how much do they weigh ? 
are they induction compatible ? 
where is it made 
can you put these in the oven ? what is the max temperature they can handle ? 
where is this press manufactured ? hopefully not china . thanks . 
the mess is terrible . i do n't know if it is because of the spring or what but the mess is damaged and the grounds come up through the filter sides . 
does the mesh filter part have a raw edge cut or is it folded in to avoid the prickly edge when cleaning ? 
it says only compatible with 900. what about the 870 ? anything ? 
i am not sure what his item is for . is it just to have the esspresso come though in a single stream and not the dual spouts ? 
will it work with my infuser ? 
can you let me know if this portafilter compatible with gaggia classic espresso machine 
breville recently redesigned the portafilter and grouphead to allow for a tighter fit . was this portafilter updated to account for these changes ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? i ca n't find them anywhere . 
what are the measurements of this item ? 
does the foam padding indent when its on your legs ? when its empty , does the cushion on the bottom indent because its so soft or does it hold its form 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the color of the top ? is it black or gray ? 
is the underneath cushion soft and does it mold to your legs ? 
my shell is 18 x18 will this fit 
want to make sure these are machine washable ... 
does this pillow insert have a zipper to add additional fill if desired or is it stitched solid on all four sides ? made in the usa ? 
if i order two pillow forms will shipping stay the same ? 
my shell is 17 x 17 will this insert fit ? 
is it good for outdoors 
is it machine washable ? 
can these be used for outdoor pillow inserts 
what is the maximum weight load for each shelf ? i have about 65 very large heavy text books that need a home . 
is this made of all wood or particle board with wood laminate ? 
what is the wood finish 
what are the measurements of this bookcase ? 
i have this bookcase , but the part that holds the glass door broke , and i do n't know where to get another part . can anyone help ? 
does it have to be assembled ? 
i 'm looking for a cabinet to store vinyl records . can you please tell me the height btwn shelves so i can confirm records will fit on all shelves ? 
what is the heights of each shelf i want to know if records would fit 
size is . ? 
does this duvet have ties in the corners to hold my comforter in place ? 
is the material thick enough to hide a comforter with designs underneath it ? i 'm hoping to put the white over a duvet that has some grey color on it . 
what material ? 
is the fabric thin ? 
does this pan work on an induction range ? 
how heavy are the skillets ? bought one at walmart few years ago ai is very light . for some reason walmart no longer sells this brank . 
what size are the kettles and fry pan in the 8 piece set in yoshi blue 
is it safe to use on glass top stove 
what size are the pans 
can you still use butter for cooking ? i will use butter for flavor aspect . can i use it without ruining the pan ? 
is this cookware dishwasher safe ? 
are they machine washable ? 
i need to use these for couch and need back support . will these keep shape and support back without crushing and getting flat ? 
i 'm looking for firm pillow inserts to fit inside my couch pillow covers . i do not want soft bed pillow sham inserts . will these work for a couch 
do these pillow inserts have a zipper so you could put more filling in when if necessary ? 
will this fit into a 20 '' square pillow cover 
it is supported in italy ? we have the 230v . which is the equipped type of plug ( shuko etc ... ) ? 
does it make noise ? i work in a quie office with fussy people who are full complaints . 
if i use this in my cubicle at work , will people around me smell the food heating ? 
is it 110v ? 
will it plug into a vehicles power port ? 
does this come with a plug in cord or do you have to buy it seperately ? 
does it have an auto power-off feature in case one forgets to unplug it ? 
where is the power switch 
can it b used in car 
is it plastic inside ? 
incl 2 sets reusableultra-microfiber cleaning pads 1 set buffing pads 1 set reusable scrub brush attachments carpet glide attachment floor protector 
my friend had a haan steamer and it also had a wand to clean shower walls does this too ? 
has anyone used the haan on laminate floors 
does it clean grout 
how long is the cord on the haan ss-20 ? 
how well does this item work with pet stains ? i need a steamer to clean my entire apartment which has white carpet that 's been stained by my dog . 
does this come with any accessories ? 
just got this new . the extractor is stuck very tight . it will ultimately turn , but with a loud banging clunking sound . lemon ? 
for taylor from vivo : was this steel support changed over to stainless since marc 's review in september '13 ? will rust get into the honey ? 
will it work for 6-1 4-inch frames ? thanks 
whats the maximum size of frame it will take ? 
does it come with legs . 
what is the best way to clean the unit ? can it be disassembled ? 
does the handle `` free spin '' ? 
is it suitable for medium frames ? 
where is this extractor made -- usa or imported ? thanks ! 
is this a radial or tangential extractor ? 
does it fit model # 6700 
bought new seal , still leaking . does the blade skirt fix this ? 
i have the 6700 and was wondering if this skirt would fit mine too ? it looks the same . 
do these chairs come in one piece ? 
is 20.5 the width or depth ? 
are these easy to clean ? 
what color are the legs and what is the weight capacity ? 
is the fabric have a yellowish hue to it ? 
how would you describe the fabric ? what color are the legs ? 
what is the width ? i see someone says 20.5 inches but there 's now way the seat is 27.5 inches deep . 
can you please confirm an approximate weight of the shipping container ? i 'm buying from australia and have to then ship from us to australia 
what is the height of the legs and seat from the floor . i find many parsons chairs too low for standard height dinning tables , 
are these pretty sturdy ? trying to find something not too lightweight or tippy so my toddler wo n't have another accident falling off ! thank you ! ! 
does this memory foam topper get hot ? 
do you put the bottom sheet directly over the topper or should i obtain a mattress pad as well ? tia 
what is the color of the topper ? 
what are the dimensions for the queen and king size versions of this mattress topper ? 
what is the density of this mattress topper ? 
do these stack securely without slipping , say in a shopping bag or a cardboard box ? 
how many boxes does it come with ? just 1 boz or 12 
would these work fro freezing cupcakes ? 
how tall are the containers ? will they hold extra-large cupcakes ? 
for mini cupcake or reg cupcake ? 
are there indents for fingers to not mess up frosting edges when taking them out of the holder ? 
is it easy to remove install the liners or will i be cursing every time i take the laundry down to the washer ? 
size 
is there a physical barrier between the two compartments , or is the division only from the two linen bags ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
can anyone tell me how tall the hamper is with the lid open upright ? thank you ! 
sturdy enough to sit on ? 
can the lids open more than 90 degrees , i.e . so one lid can lay on top of the other ? thanks ! 
can i buy new inserts separately ? if so , where ? 
how hard is it to carry ? i do n't see any handles . 
how many people noticed the smell that one review commented on ? also , have you washed the bag inserts and did they shrink , as another review said ? 
would this work well for the course pink himalayan salt ? i know some grinders ca n't handle it . 
does salt come in it ? 
how does this work with the coarse grey celtic sea salt ? 
which end does the ground salt come out ? top or bottom ? 
is salt that comes with grinder sea salt ? 
how to refill 
what is difference from this model and oxo good grips salt grinder ? 
can u use peppercorns in it instead of salt 
does the v60 range server 800ml fit on the cute acrylic stand with drip tray , or only the 600ml ? 
can you use a beehouse dripper with the hario stand ? 
please tell me what the stand adds to the equatio ? 
is there enough space at the bottom of the stand to allow for other scales to be used instead of the hario scale ? 
is this compatible with an aeropress ? 
how think is the rubber at the bottom of the mat . in order words , how high does the mat stand off from the ground ? 
does it go inside the shower ? 
i want this as a bath mat for when i exit the shower . will the water drain through the mat underneath onto tile floor and need to be wiped up after ? 
is it slippery when wet wnat to use in shower 
will this work for showers with 4 inch tiles ? 
is this the largest size teak bath mat ? 
i noticed that the smaller teak mat has *5 year limited product warranty , 30 day satisfaction guarantee , does the same apply to this item ? 
can you use this in a bathtub ? what is the height 
what kind of light bulb should you use ? 
how does this attached to the houseing does it have the nut under the light bulb in the center ? 
what are the dimensions on this cover ? 
does this include the light fixture as well ? 
where is the model number of the currently installed unit ? i know it is a nutone , but i can not see any model number anywhere . 
i have a 26 year old unit model 9965 that looks very similar . do you think this one will work . none of the model numbers listed start with a `` 9 '' . 
what does grille and lens assembly attach to ? 
is the magic bullet and nutribullet about the same thing ? 
does this blend leaf greens well and what about broccoli ? trying to sneak in veggies to my kids diet 
what is the difference between this and the 17-piece set ? 
does it leak 
what is the difference between the regular and express models ? 
can it be used to make baby food ? 
does magic bullet work in india if i buy from usa ? 
are the plastic attachments bpa free and can you get glass attachments ? 
i only count 25 pieces , including the ice shaver and booklet . does the large blender top disassemble into two pieces or something ? ? 
is it good for grinding vegetables ? 
are there four glasses for 23.82 or do you only get one glass for 23.82 ? 
are they glass or plastic 
have you run these through a dishwasher -- - are they dishwasher safe ? ( no color fading or splotching or peeling , etc . ) 
can someone please tell me how tall these glasses are ? thanks so much ! 
what is the diameter of the round base of the glasses ? 
are these made of glass or crystal ? 
what is the length and what is the material ? 
what is the pound of magnet ( ? ) pressure ( ) 
can this be used against the side of a refrigator ? 
would it be possible to cut this ? i need a 23 '' long strip , and i 'm considering cutting of of these to make the length i need . 
what does the back of this knife magnet look like ? 
is the back solid or hollow ? i ca n't use screws in my wall , i must use two side tape to mount it . 
can this holder be attached to or against metal 
are there any plastic parts that come in contact with the heated water ? 
just saw the other questions , so mine is answered . but wondering , do you still rate it highly today ? 
if this is cordless i 'm assuming this is battery operated . correct ? how many ? what size ? 
is the heating element enclosed so the inside bottom of the kettle flat ? 
how many cups does it hold ? 
any bpa or ca prop 65 warnings ? is the heating unit external to the water pot ? any rusting or taste quality issues with it ? thx ! 
what temperature does it heat to ? 
how noisy it , when turned on ? my previous kettle was very loud . 
the black plastic on the body -- is this simply design on the outside and not through to the interior ? ? 
i purchased this kettle , and it turns out this is a `` brentwood '' what makes it different than the other brentwood 1.5 liter kettle ? 
will this hold the 8 '' chefs knife ? 
will the knife block hold a cleaver with 7.5 '' x 3.25 '' blade ? 
what are the widths of each slot ? 
will the second slot ( from the top ) hold a 9 '' bread knife ? thanks . 
can i remove the wusthof name plate ? does it rotate a bit and any clearance to get a tool underneath . want to replace it with something else . thanks . 
will this hold the classic bread knife ? thanks . 
how big are the slots ? 
what is the length of the slots ? 
what are the dimensions of the block ? 
is each piece 12x16 , or is the entire thing 12x16 ? 
is the dementions 12x16 or is it closer to 8x10 like the customer 's review says ? 
is it worth to buy ? 
how long does it take for this picture to arrive ? ? ? ? ? i ordered it from amazon on april 12th and it is now may 29th and i still have n't received it ! ! 
hi , is this more of a dark red or orangey red ? i 'm looking for more of a dark red to match bedspread . thanks ! 
it says 12 '' x16 '' x3 pieces , but the image says overall it 's 12 '' x36 '' that math does n't work ... ? 
do i need to dig holes on the wall ? 
alot of negative review but its # 1 best seller what gives ? 
why are the dimensions so skewed in your display pictures ? 
is it ready to hang the minute it arrives ? 
how long is the straw ? 
the description says it comes with a stainless steel straw and cleaner- is that true ? 
how wide is the straw ? could it be used with a thick smoothie ? 
what grade stainless steel is the straw ? is it appropriate for drinking ? ( you 'd think so but you never know ) 
is it truely leakproof ? ie can i send it in my daughte 's lunch and not have it leak all over the lunch bag ? 
i 've read bad reviews about some double walled glass coffee mugs . has anyone tried it for drinking coffee on the go ? 
what are the measurements of this lid ? not sure how big a `` small '' canning jar is ! 
the battery is rechargable ? 
would it be able to move between different rooms ? 
how long does it take to get to new york ( zip code 12919 ) if i buy it on monday 22 decembe ? 
how long does it run for on a fully charged battery ? how long does it take to full charge ? 
is it loud ? 
how does it work on tile with deep grout groves ? i 'm worried it will get stuck 
how does this model compare with room mate ? 
how well does this work on carpet ? 
is this the dsv model ? the model number number listed ( bd70000ppc ) does n't match the model number on the dirt devil website ( bd70000bpc ) . 
what is the size of the seat ? 
what type of metal are these made of and are they actually 24 inches tall ? 
are these actually comfortable to sit on ? they look great , but my family will be using the bar stools on a daily basis . 
suggested weight limit ? 
i am trying to fit two stools in a space that 's only 28.5 '' wide . could you tell me the width at the feet ? 
what are the dimensions of the box they are shipped in ? 
what is the actual height of these stools ? 24 '' or 26 '' ? is the 26 '' too high for a kitchen counter ? 
does anybody know if these are the `` gunmetal '' color ? we bought chairs in that color and want to make sure these barstools match ... 
does the drawers comes with the bed ? 
is the trundle bed also a full size ? 
does it come with mattresses ? 
does this bed come in black ? 
what is the maximum weight allowance for both the full size bed and trundle bed ? 
hi , another question ... what is the maximum height allowance for the mattress on the trundle bed ? thank you 
product dimensions show 41.6 in width but a full size bed width should be 54 in minimum . please advise the actual width 
can you use a box spring if i wanted to ? 
do we have to put them together ? 
can someone please tell me the length of the bed and the width with the trundle pulled out ? 
i 'd like to put two end on end for a very long day bed - how much gap would there be between the mattresses on top ? 
just unpacked this bed , there is n't a headboard ? and no directions ? no wonder they only show this bed from one direction ! please advise ! 
i need the exact measures of the bed and , do we have to assemle it ourselves ? 
does this actually come with the trundle or does that need to be purchased seperately ? 
what is the clearance for the trundle , i.e. , what thickness mattress will it accommodate while still rolling under the main bed ? 
what is the weight limit on both top , and trundle , beds ? 
the top bed does it take a regular twin mattress ? 
ca the trundle fit a mattress that is 8 '' thick and 74 '' long and 37 '' wide ? 
can i set it up to have the trundle open to the right side or left side , or is it only the set up to open on the left i see on the picture ? 
does the trundle raise to the height of the bed , or is the person sleeping on the trundle bed , therefore sleeping low to the floor ? 
does one keep pumping to get the air out ? 
what are the sizes of the containers ? 
are these containers stackable i would like to put them in the pantry to hold flour and beans ext 
are these safe for freezer use ? the enclosed description with the set says not microwavable . now i do n't know about the freezer , either . 
what size - diameter in inches across thie top of bottle or jug - do they fit ? 
will this fit a welches grape juice container 
i this airlocks compatible with better bottle ( plastic ) carboys ? 
does this fit into the mason re-cap ? http : www.amazon.com gp product b00j ... 
would these airlocks fit a 6 gallon glass carboy ? 
i am new to this , can you drill a hole in mason jar metal caps and fit these in or not ? 
is this filled with water ? how much ? 
does the airlock separate from the white bung sealer portion or are they permanently sealed together ? 
just want to make sure , this will fit a 5 gallon carboy ? 
if iam making an alcohole shold they be a lot of little bubles or a few the first few days ? 
would this work for fermenting pickles ? could i drill a hole in a mason jar lid and pop this in ? 
i this airlocks compatible with better bottle ( plastic ) carboys ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
if these do n't fit on carboys as all the customers have stated , why do you sell them for and claim they fit carboys ? 
what size jug does it fit 
does the top cap come off to allow for a hose to be attached for overflow 
what material are these , ,plastic or glass ? 
i use milk jugs to make wine , will these fit 
will this fit on http : www.amazon.com gallon-reusable ... 
how is everyone drying their airlocks after they wash them ? i ca n't seem to get the last drop of water to roll out . thank you in advance ! 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the depth on this microwave ? 
how many amps is this ? 
dimensions 
i use stainless steel or glass straws . is the opening flexible enough that i could still use them ? 
does it leak ? 
can you use this with hot water ? 
can you use this lid for pouring or would it just run backwards down the jar ? 
is the size of each bow 2.5 cm , or inches ? if it 's cm they would be very tiny , please answer me , i want to order it right now 
can i use this for chocolate melts ? 
can these be used with polymer clay and can you bake the silicone mold ? 
2 part question : 1 ) would silicone molds be good for playdoh ? 2 ) if yes , would the type quality matter ? ( aka : generic be as good as name brand for pla 
how do you fill the mold without having excess fondant leftover that you have to trim off ? 
where does this ship from ? thanks 
are these flexible silicone molds ? 
the description says its a tulip flower fondant mold , but the picture is of a bow mold ... i just want to know which one it is . thanks 
the image shown does not match the items description . can you please clarify which mold i would received if i purchased this item ? 
will they fit a queen pillow ? thanks 
the photo of the color they call ivory looks white . does anyone know if it is a true white or an off white ? 
would this fit into one of the foam ergonomic pillows ? 
do they come in king size ? 
are they pure mulberry silk 
will you have the floral pattern pillowcase again 
does the fitted bottom sheet stay securely on the mattress ? 
how smooth is this sheet ? is it smooth to the touch ? 
hi , are you able to ship this item to australia ? 
what is the volume of the bread pan ? need pan with a volume of over 3 quarts or a tenth of a cubic foot ( i.e . the volume of my risen bread dough ) 
does this machine have a timer so i can delay bread making , and wake upto fresh bread ? 
how to remove the bread pan ? 
i dont have have the maual instructions or the kneading blade . anyone know how or where to get them ? 
can you add dry fruits and nuts 
can you make gluten free bread mixes in this breadmaker ? 
can i just dump ingredients in and they are kneaded by the machine 
will it hold jewel cases ? how many ? 
included 500 units double-sided hanging sleeves ? 
will the sleeves fit digi-paks ? 
what is the height of the case ? 
can this large ceramic pot hold 2 liter water while making soup ? 
how is the steamer working ? 
can you preset the time to cook ? 
transparent top cover is ceramic too ? 
can this use for rice cooking ? and how long does it take to cook rice ? 
when using the big pot , is necessary to put the plastic tray on the bottom ? 
is this ceramic pot white color ? 
is it original genuine brushes from irobot ? is beater brush made from rubber or from silicone ? thanks 
we do n't have our roomba yet , but want to know as much as we can before we get it & hellip ; are these hepa filters disposable , or can you clean and re-use 
how often do the filters and the brushes need replacement ? 
does the product include the blue box housing the brushes as depicted , or only the brushes and filters as per the item list ? 
will the brush and sweeper brush both fit a 500 series ? 
will these parts fit a model 770 ? 
does the side brushes come with replacement screws ? 
does this kit contain a flexible beater brush ? ( the rubbery brush ) . the photo shows it but the item description doesnt mention it . 
is it loud ? 
how long is the power cord ? 
if you run the heater at your preferred setting and power is interrupted : when power returns does unit come back on by itself ? 
so it has a thermostat , will it automatically cut off if the temp in the room reaches the set temp ? and then will it turn back on automatically ? 
can you keep the heat on still after reaches a temp ? do not want auto turn off . 
can i also use it just as a fan with no heat ? looking for something versatile . 
can it be put on carpet 
what color is the power cord ? 
is this battery operated ? 
does it consume a lot of power ? will my electricity bill go up ? 
how many watts ? 
can you make green smoothies ? 
does it come with the 10-second recipe book ? 
can this be used like the nutribullet ? i.e. , making drinks where the vegetables and nuts are broken down and blended . thank you . 
thank you for all your answers . i have the information that i needed . 
how many horsepower is the engine ? 
would this be a good vacuum cleaner to clean the dust out of my ps3 super slim by running it across the vents ? 
what is the country of origin for this vacuum ? 
where . can i buy the filters for the vac ? 
why does it stop working after a few minutes of running ? 
it does n't look like it has a hepa filter so does dust just get back into the air ? 
i need to vacuum upholstered furniture . would this unit work for that purpose ? 
how easy is it to clean ? 
during use , does this minivac emit an unpleasant smell ? if you think so , how would you rate the unpleasantness ? 
where are these manufactured ? 
microfiber content : is it acrylic , beech tree cellulose , cotton , polyester , rayon , bamboo ? thank you ! 
what is the care for removing stains : wine , coffee , milk or blood ? 
what is the ftc rn number for this textile ( for seller ) ? thank you ... 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
is it jersey ? 
where can i get filters ! ? ? love the vacuum ! 
can anyone comment on the `` onboard crevice tool '' mentioned in the product description ? i ca n't tell from the description or picture how it works . 
has anyone used this with dog hair ? i have a lab and am wondering if it will keep up ? 
do you have to clean filter every time you use ? can you wash it ? thanks rich 
good on carpet ? 
how wide is the base of vacuum..want one fairly small to get in tight spaces ? ? ? 
what is the warranty ? 
can it be used on wood floors 
would like to know how often do you have to change the filter ? ... ... .that could get costly . 
does this work well on carpeted stairs ? 
is dusting brush and upholstery attachment in single piece 
does it use a replaceable belt ? 
does the brush rotate automatically or does it rely on suction to rotate ? 
how many amps does this vacuum have ? ( similar models have 2 to 7 amp motors ) 
some people wrote that the fuller `` mini maid '' vacuum gets hot and shuts off . is the same thing true with the fuller power maid ? ? ? 
does anyone use the fuller brush hand vac for their car ? and how does it work ? 
is it possible to reverse the air flow ? i need to blow air into a large weather balloon . 
how much does it weigh ? 
does it use bags ? 
is the brush on this machine motorized with a belt ? or is it just based on suction ? 
does the hanger swivel ? 
how wide are they from end to end ? 
are these hangers really 1 8 '' thick ? all the other brands are 1 4 '' so these would theoretically be half as thick ... . 
how many hangers are included ? 
will these hangers keep banquet tablecloths wrinkle free ? 
will hook go on a wooden size closet rod ? 
how wide is the hanging part only of this hanger ? 
how many hangers are included in the $ 3.75 price ? 
what is the width of the hanger ? 
jmj - i need to purchase about 12 - 16 hangers and would like a mix of the plain and the ones with clips for my children to share . can you offer me s 
3 hangers for $ 12 expensive but this is the size i need is there anything that is this size that i can get more for my buck 
how many hangers are there for $ 0.75 ? 
when i place this item in my cart , it says it is $ 3.80 . it that for one ? does not say how many you are buying for that price . it only says hangers not hangers . when i go to the website that sells these , they are $ .75 each with $ 9.99 shipping . need some ... 
how many come in this set ? 
i am lookingfor replacement handle pipe 
has anyone compared this to the dyson dc39 , any comments or thoughts on the performance on stairs , hardwood , carpets and pet hair ? 
i do n't see a crevice tool or dust head , are there any tools included ? also , how high is the floor brush ... .will it go under a bed ? 
how good is it on hardwood floors 
how long is the handle ? 
what is the warranty on this device ? i see this mentions 2 years but best buy mentions 5 years so which is it ? 
i purchased this vacuum two months ago and the power brush is out of order . how can i use warranty ? where do i go ? i live in chicago area . 
how can i get brush attachments for samsung bagless canister vacuum 
has anyone used it on heavy shag carpet ? i wondered how hard it was to push ? thanks 
it says country of origin is korea . where is the vacuum made ? 
what is the warranty on this model ? 
is there a way to secure the extra tools , i.e . crevice tool , onto the wand or hose ? 
can the turbo brush be attached to the hose , without the long handle ? 
does this product work for pet hair ? 
what is the size of the comforter ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is it for a full size bed 
would it fit a queen bed ? 
what 's the fabric type ? thread count ? 
i really want to know if anyone stores ground coffee in this and does it keep it fresh ? i will be grinding at home and taking to work . thanks . 
what is the volume of this container ? 
does this do anything to keep ground coffee fresher ? 
my container never came with the scoop like the description says , how do i go about getting the scoop ? 
okay i 'm confused . there is a tiny slit at the top of the orange silicone `` vacuum seal '' piece on top . how is this air tight ? what am i missing ? ? ? ? 
i plan to use this on both a weber 22 1 2 '' kettle and 18 wsm , how much do you open the top damper to set it and forget it ? 
what is the max cook time can expect on an 18 '' wsm @ 225 to 250 using briquettes & amp ; lump 
would this fit on the 14.5 wsm ? or even a mini wsm ? has anyone tried it ? also how durable is this product ? i know the digiq is made out of metal . 
is this usable on weber kettles with the one-touch setup ? 
will the iq 110 work on a vision kamado-style grill ? 
how long is the warranty on this unit and where is the unit made ? 
can i use this on my weber performer ? thanks ! ! ! this looks so cool ! 
what is the cfm ? ? 
will this work on a 55 gallon uds ? do i need to order anything else with this ? 
will this fit on a kamado joe ? 
how long is the air hose ? is it removable from the controller so you can replace it with a longer one ? 
can this be used on a weber gold series grill . i know that i can get the one with the adapter , but do n't want to keep taping the vent holes . 
my weber grill has an ash pit under the bottom vents . closing those vents & amp ; drilling a hole in the kettle bottom works , right ? 
it states that it will keep a uds running up to 12 hours . can it run longer than 12 hours ? on a 10lb boston butt it could be a 20+ hour smoke . 
does anyone know the difference between the iq110 and the iq120 , besides the price ? ? thanks . 
does anyone know of a temp to relationship of ohms chart for the temp sensor ? 
how much weight can this bench hold ? 
how long is it ? 42 or 48 
what is the height of the seat ? is this a standard or counter height bench ? 
can it be sit outside 
? what are the dimensions 
there are two different lengths listed here ... if the bench 47 1 2 or 42 ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how long is the bench ? 
does this grind coffee beans ? where do the beans go to be ground ? 
we arose this morning and the coffee pot never brewed the coffee , what can be wrong what can we check ? it was plugged in and coffee and water were in the device . ! please help . 
what is the height of this product ? several other unis have wrong dimensions listed in the product details . 
does this have a 3 prong cord ? 
does anyone know where i can buy a replacement filter for this coffeemaker ? 
does amazon.com sell replacement glass carafe ? 
can you buy a replacement basket ? 
why when i use my coffee maker for the first time i get an error site can not remove that sign 
how do you remove glass caraffee 
how to obtain a replacement glass carafe for the w.p . model ccdcmo30 
will this work with a 60 '' vizio ( 61 lbs ) ? my question has to do with mounting holes - i 've read that vizio is not vesa compliant for mounting carts . 
if the tv weighs less than 110 lbs can it be larger than 60 '' ? if not do you have a cart that will hold a 70 '' led tv ? 
i just bought this for my 50 '' sanyo model dp50e84 . does anyone have any idea if the bolt pattern will line up ok ? 
can the top shelf ( the one designed to hold something above the screen ) be removed entirely ? 
before i purchase this does it have wiring organizer holes and clips in the back to not show the wires ? 
what is its volume capacity ? and is it dishwasher safe ? 
is the image on one side or both ? ( i mean left handed right handed , not inside and outside ) 
microwave ? 
can you ship to denmark 
hi can you pls tell me the dimension of the sensitive porcelain tea coffee cup ? thank you so much 
what kind of battery does it use ? can you change it when it goes dead ? how hot does it keep your coffee and for how long ? 
what do they use to make the color change is it toxic 
could someone tell me the dimensions of this comforter ? i would like to try it on a king bed . thanks ! 
what shade of blue is this ? navy , teal royal ? 
what are the colors in this product ? 
is there a top sheet - fitted sheet is listed but not a top sheet 
what is the material on the inside of the lid ? 
how long does it take to cook 1-cup of rice ? 
does it cook brown rice 
can i put the ceramic pot in the dishwasher ? 
i 'm worried that the position of the steam vent may cause moisture runoff straight onto the control panel , does this ever happen ? 
inner lid made by almium or stainless steel ? i see both answers when i checked answers in different sizes of this product . which is correct ? 
does it have a count up timer ? in other words , can you program it to start after a certain period of time ? 
how do you remove the water collector in the back of the rice cooker ? 
their `` cup '' measures u.s. 3 4 cup . do , does inside mark of `` 4 '' mean 4 their cups rice+6+whatever their cups water to the 4 mark ? 
is the finished product up to a total of 2l ? 
it came without instructions . what do i do before i use it ? soak the filter in the water ? 
does this fit adya ? 
why does my filer look like there is green alge growing in it 
why the new 5-stage mineral filter cartridge i ordered is different from the one that came with the system ? the ordered of the minerals are reversed . 
can this fit the zero water 10 cup pitcher 
how does one know when the filter has reached the 500 gallon mark , instead of measuring with time ? is there an indicator on the filter ? 
will this fit in the maxam model ? 
what minerals and materials in the tap water does this filter remove and by how many percentage ? thanks . 
is this the original zen water filter 
having trouble buying product . do you ship to montreal , canada ? 
is the plastic cap bpa free 
to minimize using to many bottles for bottling beer..would this jug be able to handle carbonating the beer without breaking after fermentation ? 
is the bottom flat ? 
is it heat treated 
what is the height of the jar ? 
is this made in usa ? 
does the cap screw on ? 
how heavy is this bottle ? 
does anybody know the diameter of this jug in mm 's ? i need to store it in a recepticle but need to make sure it 's not too wide . thanks ! 
will a quarter fit through the opening ? 
is it too warm ? my husband keeps getting way too hot from his down alternative comforters . 
amazon , why do you not post the length and width with the product description . it matters ! what is the length and width of this product ? 
does this work with corner ties on a duvet cover ? 
your website says products are `` designed '' in the u.s.a.. can you please specify where this specific product is made and if it uses any imported parts 
is this washable 
does it say on the tag that it is washable ? has anyone else washed theirs ? thank you . 
when will it be available in king size ? 
how lightweight is it ? i mean , how does it feel ? just call me ignorant , but i have no idea what `` fill 500 , '' even means much less how it feels ! ! 
what is the fill weight ? 
is it machine washable and condition of comforter after washing ? 
what are the dimensions , i.e . length and width ? 
does this have a place to tie it on all 4 corners to a duvet cover ? 
i am a bit confused : is it cotton or 'like ' cotton ? is it 100 % goose down or alternative ? 
what 's makes up the filling of this comfort ? 
the picture looks grey and black , is it grey and navy blue ? 
is this gray ? it looks blue 
is this a fabric or vinyl curtain 
is this a fabric curtain requiring a liner or a vinyl one which would not require a liner ? 
what else do i need to use it with my sodastream ? 
what are the dimensions on the 20lb tank ? also will i run into issues exchanging this tank at my local co2 supplier ? 
does this tank have a dot tc certification ? 
do these belts fit any panasonic vacuums 
i could n't see any markings on my old belt . will this fit the kennmore quick clean vacuum ? 
what is the circumference of the belt 
will this belt fit my new red upright kenmore progressive vacuum cleaner ? belt is 1 '' w x 14 '' l 
will this belt by any chance fit a panasonic vacuum that needs a ub-11 belt ? 
will these belts fit the kenmore `` stylite retraxx '' hepa filtration green upright vacuum ? my belt broke and i 'm desperately insearch of a replacement ! 
what are the dimensions in this pillow ? 
when resting your head in this cushion , does it put any pressure or discomfort near your ears . i 'm not quite sure of the gap width for the neck . 
washable ? 
is there a firmer version ? 
from the reviews , it sounds like this dimmer does n't have the `` buzz '' that some do with led bulbs . anyone know if it is as quiet with an incandescent bulb ? 
can i use this safely with a three way light bulb ? 
hi , this device works with 240 v voltage ( european ) ? ? ? 
does the lamp have to plug into the back end of the electrical plug or does the box with the slide dimmer in it have an outlet ? 
can this work as an on off switch ? one of the reviews seem to indicate that it can only dim but not turn off . 
is there a led light indicator that comes on when the power is off ? 
how do you inflate pillow ? 
anyone washed the pillow cases yet ? did they hold up o.k . ? 
does it smell as it is memory foam ? also i read review that it 's not enough for adult . it is too small ? 
can this be attaches to a backpack ? 
what is the difference between travel mate ( r ) travel mate ( r ) memory foam pillow - 12.75 and travel mate ( r ) memoryy foam neck pillow - 11.95 ? 
what is the length from one end to the other ? i would need to use this in a guitar case so have to be sure it will fit . thanks in advance ! 
does anyone know where i can get extra covers for this ? 
can i use this in an mri , i. e. , any metal in this , or does it have an all-plastic zipper ? 
how is this packaged ? is there a tag on it so that i could give it as a gift ? i was confused by the `` direct from manufacturer '' . 
did any kids like this 
can this support a memory foam mattress 
can you use the middle support bar when fitting the frame for a full bed ? 
what is the height of this frame ? 
how many inches from the floor ? 
is the frame suitable for laying a sheet of plywood between the mattress and open frame for extra support ? pic looks like stat is curved . 
does the mattress have an initial smell or chemical odor ? 
can this fit under a standard bed for storage ? 
what is the mattress size ? 
can this bed fit in a car ( 4 door sedan ) for easy travel ? 
is this bed high enough to use for my mother who recently had a stroke ? 
what is the closed dimension 
how much does it weigh ? 
assembly required beyond attaching casters ? 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
are these one piece , the lid is hinged and attached to the bottom , or are they 2 piece , the lid is seperate from the bottom ? 
can these pods be sealed with a regular iron ( used for clothing ) ? 
does the pod maker require a second unit to seal filters ? 
do these fit hamilton beach model hdc200b individual cup units ? 
has anyone tried putting the coffee from the keurig k-cups in these filters and made coffee in a senseo or hamilton beach ? 
can i make coffee pods for this without the special `` pod maker '' since you can not seem to get it anymore ? 
would these fit in an espresso machine ? 
what is the diameter of the pod before filling and sealing ? 
will these work in the nespresso coffee makers ? 
i get a papery taste to the coffee anyone else ? 
i have a question about the dimensions , how deep wide is the bottom shelf ? also , how deep is the desk part not including the flip down ? 
what is the height and the depth of the `` desk '' shelf ? will a 16.5 '' -high computer monitor fit there ? 
we would be putting this in front of a window ... .is this self supporting or leaning ? 
please clarify the dimention from the top of the desk to the bottom of the shelf above . i want to see if it is high enough for my sewing machine . 
how sturdy is the desk part when flipped down ? how much weight will it support ? 
what is height from floor to top shelf including the backing i see in the pic ? i have thermostat on wall 57 '' from floor & amp ; light switch 47 '' from fl 
if i left out the second shelf from the top ( so that i can fit a taller monitor ) , could i still close the desk ? 
how high is the `` desk shelf '' from the floor ? 
would a 26.5 '' wide tv fit on the top shelf ( how wide is the actual surface of the top shelf , not including the side pieces ? ) 
what is the height , from the ground , of the second-from-the-top shelf ? ( the shelf above the desk . ) 
is cappucino color dark brown or more black ? 
what is the height of each shelve ? curious about what size books i could stand up . thank you . 
what are the dementions ? 
would this shelf be stable on carpet ? 
can this unit house vinyl albums ? 
how thick are the shelves ? i am concerned about them bending when the bookcase is fully loaded with books . 
i 'm thinking of using this as a room divider in a studio apartment . will it be sturdy if not leaning against a wall ? 
wondering if it might be possible to spray paint this another color ? 
i was thinking of getting 4- to have two side by side and stack the other two on top . what do you think ? 
does the color look black or brown ? 
can anyone tell me if the desk has to rest on the middle of the drawers , or could it be on the edge ? also , how wide are the drawers ? 
is the file cabinet manufactured wood or solid wood ? does it require assembly ? 
do any of the drawers acommodate hanging file folders ? 
is the backside finished ? would like to use free standing , not against wall 
what is the overall dimension of the desk ? 
how to assemble the drawer ? i have done it , but the biggest one can not balance with other two . i have no instructions in box . help . 
how wide is the area for the chair ... ..from edge of cabinet to support leg ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair gap ? ( how high wide deep -- need to see if my desk chair fits ) 
comforter set ... does this mean there are matching pillow shams ? 
does this fill a full size bed ? 
why is it called a set if there is only the comforter ? ? 
are the sheets and pillow cases included 
does this fit a queen bed ? 
my microwave is small . how tall is this ? 
is this dishwasher safe and wo n't warp ? 
can one or two eggs at a time be cooked in this ? 
mine came w an orange rubber `` cap '' that goes over the steam vent in the top . is this supposed to be used during microwaving ? if not , what 's it for ? 
should the hole vent in the lid be open when microwaving ? i believe it was my first use , then it closed as i took the lid off . now its stuck closed . 
why do n't the eggs explode ? 
what en of egg gets pierced , the pointy end or the more rounded end ? 
does this egg boiler have any metal inside ( like some others ) ? if so , is there any possibility of the top button popping off to expose the metal ? 
the instructions say that the cooker should not be used in a microwave with more than 1000 watts . mine is 1100. any problems with higher watts ? 
does the lid lock down at all or can it pop off while cooking ( like other models ) ? 
where is the pillow made from ? 
does this case have a zipper ? 
just received the pillowcase and there are no washing intructions . cold water ? warm water ? what about tumble dry ? it is cotton and appears to just barely fit the pillow before it 's washed so imagine it 's important to get the laundering right or it ... 
it says it must be horizontal . but may it be stored in a vertical position ? 
how do you change from kgs to lbs ? 
what is the min wieght the scale will read accurately ? 
does it come with any warranty ? 
what is the difference between an air filter and a grease filter ? 
does this charcoal filter fit for whirlpool microwave hood model gmh5205 
how do you replace this filter ? 
how long to these filters last ? 
does this filter fit maytag model mmv5208ww ? 
does it go back in with the grate facing up and out or filter facing up and out ? 
does this filter fir kitchenaid khmc1857 ? 
does this filter fit whirlpool microwave range hood model wmh32l19as-1 ? stated dimensions vary with existing charcoal filter . 
does this charcoal filter fit whirlpool microwave model mh1150xmq2 ? 
does this charcoal filter fit for jenn-air microwave model jmv9186ws-1 
what size and weight is it ? 
what age is this good for ? the ages are 5 and 4 . 
are these large enough for 5 and 6 year olds 
how long is the auto off function - 2 minutes , 90 seconds , etc ? 
where is it made -- china ? 
can i measure the food in oz 
is it possible to use an ac plug in ? 
is there an over ride on the automatic turn-off ? 
which battery is correct ? 3 different types stated , 9 volt ; lithium battery ( included ) and in the picture 2 aaa batteries . 
does this truly grind nixtamal fine enough for proper tortillas ? 
i 'm looking for a stone plate not metal ... what 's this one 
hello , can the grinding plates be adjusted to make a finer or coarser flour ? thanks . 
the description says 5 inch hopper ... is this 5 '' in height or circumfrance ( around ) ? 
in one of the pictures the bottom of this grinder has no clamp . in the 2nd picture it does . does this grinder have a `` c-type of-clamp '' for a table ? 
how many inches approximately can this grinder clamp on to ? - providing the 2nd picture with clamp is accurate 
will it course grind corn for chicken reed . 
are there spare metal grinder blades available once these dull up ? do you sell spare parts if needed ? thanks 
is it stone ground ? 
where is it made ? 
i ca n't figure out how to operate this nor can i find instructions online . can anyone help ? 
could the scale measure the precise amount like 3.5 oz and is it in decimal or fractions ? 
what battery does this take ? it just says lithium . is it a 2032 or another ? thanks ! 
what is the length of this butter dish 
what is the exact size 
does the lid snap on to the base ? 
is this product made in the u.s. ? 
i do n't see any mention of the fabric we see in the picture behind the cappuccino frame . does it come with this fabric ? 
how tall is it ? 
how wide is each of the panels ? 
how much space is there between the bottom of the panel and the floor ? 
what is the frame made of ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what year is this specific vacum ? 
is this vacuum brand new ? what warranty is provided since kirby will not honor warranty on internet sales ? 
can this item work with 220v power ? 
i live in qatar power here is 210 v would this work ? 
do i have to buy extra shampoo from kirby ? 
what guarantee have a vacuum cleaner , bought here ? 
so i am confused is this brand new or refurbished ? can i still register the warranty as new ? 
what type of warranty , if any , comes with the kirby sentria 2 that is refurbished for $ 850 ? is it full replacement or it would be worked on to be fix ? 
what is the power of this vacuum in amps or whatever 
does the vacuum come with filters and if so how many ? is there any shampoo for the shampooer ? 
can you please tell me the set includes how many pieces ? 
is this for one or two pillow covers and does it come with the pillow ? 
how do i order 20'x20 ' cover size ? 
can you give me t size is the sofa 
what are the dimensions of the boxes it is shipped in ? i have a somewhat narrow doorway 
what collor is it , what fabaric ? 
how do buyers feel after owning this piece for several months ? is it durable ? 
can the back cushions be removed ? 
is it assembled 
here 's a good question what is the weight limit of the sofa ? 
are the back cushions and the seat cushions attached or removable ? 
several reviews mention that this sofa tilts forward . is this a problem most people are experiencing but overlook due to price & amp ; free shipping ? 
when the sofa is delivered , is the delivery service used willing to move it up stairs ? i live in a 2nd floor apartment alone ! 
what is average amount of product produced from a 5 gallon still ? 
what gauge copper is used ? 
did not get instructions . are they posted ? 
is this legal for me to own . 
could i simply use this to distill water ? 
how long will it take to run 10 gals of mash and how much alcohol will i get ? 
how do you know what the alcohol by volume is ? 
how difficult would it be to add a built in digitial thermometer ? could this be customized by you ? 
what size box does this come in ? could it be checked as normal airline luggage ? 
is that a condenser water jacket on the outlet ? just want to verify . looks like it but description does n't state . 
what happen to $ 99.00 harley davidson stools ? 
how tall will the seat go up & amp ; down 
is the seat adjustable ? 
what is the weight limit of this stool ? 
is the back removable ? 
can you get just seat and back rest need six of them 
what 's the diameter of the opening ? i 'd like to use my aeropress directly on it . 
is the inside stainless steel ? 
i 'm wondering how tall this is without the lid . i 'd like to use it under my mr coffee keurig . would the lid be a problem taking it off and putting i 
is the inside of lid stainless steel ? 
is it easy to bend into a couch form ? my mother ( 72yo ) stays for a month every year with us and would be sleeping on it . 
how firm is this mattress ? 
i have full queen futon on a hardwood platform . i 'm want to raise the bed level , adding your10 '' mattress . would this work ? 
does this need a mattress cover ? what color is the mattress ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this mattress too thick to fold and use on a futon in the upright sitting position ? 
will a cover fit on it ? 
does it stil work well set up in the couch position ? 
what is the warenty on this mattress ? 
how soft is it ? i will sleep on it but not often , and prefer firm mattress . advice ? 
how wide is it lookinf for approx . 6 feet wide 
can you take the cover off to wash it ? 
is the cover tufted or is the mattress itself tufted ? 
what is this futon made up of ? is it all cotton or a mix of different materials ? 
what is the material used to make these futons ? is it all cotton ? 
what is the solid strutto ? 
how do you pick a color on this site . it only gives the option for quantity 
does mattress fold so it can be used as a couch ? 
what is the firmness ? only describes thickness . 
what color is this ? says `` solid '' , but no options available ... 
where is this mattress made ? 
if you cant fold the mattress then what good is it ? you need to be able to sit on a futon 
does it fold into a sitting position ? 
what is the mattress cover fabric and what is the color of the cover fabric ? 
how does it close ? zipper ? 
what are the dimensions of the bag ? 
what are the dimensions ! ! 
need to know the inches from the bottom of the chair to the seat and the inches from the seat to the top of the chair please . 
what kind of fabric is the upholstery and how stain-resistant easy to clean is it ? ( is it suede-like polyester microfiber ? ) 
how many chair two or one on monsoon pacific aprilia upholstered dining chairs , dark walnut , set of 2. thanks 
what is the seat constructed of - solid wood with padding or springs ? 
is this fabric a true red 
so are the legs dark walnut ( brown ) or black ? description is a little confusing . 
i 'm putting together my chairs , and i 'm having trouble getting the front legs attached securely so that they do n't wiggle . any advice ? 
how tall is the chair ... from floor to the top of the seat ? 
what are the dimensions of this chair ? seat dimensions , back dimensions . height of chair ? 
what weight do these chairs support ? 
would this fit a ac5000 ? 
how many filters do you get ? 
does the price include one or two filters as shown in the picture ? 
how long do the filters last 
what is the dimensions in inches please 
is there a cover ? 
can i bake laof cakes in this mold ? 
how many kg or oz of water does this hold ? 
how large is each cavity 
does it come out like the real hello kitty ? i realize it 's cheaper than the sanrio products i saw on the sanrio website . 
can i get these any quicker . i am trying to get these for my daughters birthday next month ( 12 14 ) . 
does it help with secondhand smoke . our neighbor below us chain smokes and our place smells terrible ... . 
hello ! i just got mine today & amp ; i was under the impression that this product is made in korea . mine was stamped made in china . where is yours made ? 
does it swivel or oscillate ? 
does it come with a 3-prong cord ? 
what are the dimensions please ? 
what does it comes with ? does all the filters come with it ? is it ready to use out of the box ? 
does it work under 220v electric power supply ? 
can any lights be turned off ? ? 
does it have an option to turn the ionizer off ? 
does this air purifier come with a warranty ? 
is there a way to remove the coway lettering on the front ? it detracts from the sleek appeal of the unit . so , i was curious . 
does anyone know how much power this consumes ? the manual states 90 watts , but i do n't know if this is for the low , medium , or high setting . at 90 watts , it would be 788.5 kwhs year , which where i live would be $ 127.55 year in electricity . 
can automatic fan adjusting mode be turned off ? if so , will it run the ionizer on lowest fan speed setting ? 
just purchased and running for 36 hours . room smells of faint plastic . is that normal in the beginning ? will it go away ? 
has anyone had any issues with black stains on the wall behind the purifier ? i have a winix that has stained my walls and i 've had to repaint . 
what 's the noise level like ? 
do you have to change the pre filter ? i do n't see a replacement part for it , or do you wash it ? ? 
what is the difference between this model and the coway ap-1512hh ? 
where is this product manufactured ? is there a model without any plastic that would be in contact with liquids inside the tumbler ? 
size 
is inside of the mug seam-less ? 
i recently bought the thermal mug and the closing mechanism broke when i tried to open it incorrectly . do you sell just the lids ? 
`` can keep 40 degrees till 12 hours '' does that mean 40 degrees celsius ? 
is there a replacement cap for this mug ? the one i have broke after less than 2 months of use . please advise . 
how easy is it to drink out of ? 
if it is not made in the usa , where is it made ? 
has any one taken the cap apart for cleaning ? i ca n't seem to be able to put it back together . 
i do n't really understand how you are pressing and using this lid ? 
could i make ice cubes with this tray ? 
what are the dimensions of the 3d pieces ( after assembly ) ? 
is this a 3d mold or do the pieces come out flat on one side ? 
are these dishes chip resident ? 
how large are the dinner plates ? 
what country are these dishes made in ? 
does shipping really take 17-28 business days ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
do these shower curtain rings rust ? 
the hoot shows narrow-mouth jars , yet the description is `` wide mouth '' ; is this just a `` stock '' photo ? 
can i use a can sealer with this jar ? 
are lids bpa free ? 
can i please get dimensions for this jar ? thx a lot ! ! 
i have some ball mason jar ( 300ml ) and was wondering if the lid would fit on these jars ? ( are they the same thread ? ) 
can i re-use the lids if the jars are used for general storage of goods and foodi and seal with a vacuum machine ? 
what size pot are you canning these in i am having trouble finding one tall enough . i planned on using these to make pickles 
are these usa products ? 
is it freezer safe ? 
what are the dimensions of one of these jars ? 
how about the rubbery smell . does it bother you at all ? does it go away with time or was there never such a smell ? 
is this a 100 % talalay latex mattress ? if so , is it all natural , or a blend ? 
does this mattress need to be used with a box spring , or can we use it on a platform bed ? 
can this mattress be placed on an existing box spring ? 
can this be used on an ajustable bed ? 
is the comfort latex layer made from talalay latex as well ? it states that the core latex is talalay but does n't state the comfort top layer is too ... 
what material is the cover made of ? that 's an important item to leave out . i saw wool between comfort layer and cover , but not what cover is . 
is the talay latex natural or is only the dunlop natural ? 
do you have to flip the bed and mattress over in order to fold it up ? 
what are the exact folded up dimensions ? 
will a regular twin fitted sheet fit on it okay or do you need special sheets ? 
does the mattress arrive in a vacuum sealed package ? what are the materials , is it bio-foam ? 
what is the thickness of the mattress ? 
does anybody know how to fold this thing in a way that it can be stored ? i just ca n't get the mattress to fold and fit in properly ! 
when the mattress frame is open , how high is it without the mattress on it . is it 14 inches or 18 inches high ? 
are the storage bags available to purchase ? i have 3 fold away bed w mattresses and i have had no luck finding anyone who sells just the storage bags 
i weigh 210lbs . could i sleep on this bed on a regular basis ? 
so to make sure it comes with the mattress and the mattress frame ? for the price listed ? 
will a twin wide work on a regular twin size bed ? 
will it fold up with the bed when not in use ? 
could this be cut to make a seat cushion to fit a bay window ? ( for comfy use by pups ! ) will make my own cover . 
is this real dense memory foam or is it closer to the spongy side ? 
would this work on the floor for visiting kids to sleep on ? and will it roll up for storage ? 
do u wash the cover before using ? can i machine wash as normal and dry ? also this is expanding on my queen bed now and i can tell its not a full queen 
do you have queen size and how much 
what are the dimensions for full wide ? 
is this a mattress 
can it be rolled up or folded for storage ? 
is the cover waterproof ? 
what are the measurements ? i need a queen size . 
what is the difference in inches between full and full wide ? 
can you use melted chocolate in the mold ? 
what size is the rose only ? 
may i use your molds for soap making ? 
wanted to know if u can use fondant in the mould ? 
do the canisters have a seal to protect the contents ? 
are the openings very wide ? 
what is the color of the design ? it appears beige or bisque in the photos ? 
what are the dimensions of each canister ? 
how many lbs . of flour the big one holds , how many lbs . of sugar the middle one holds , and the size of the little one . 
is it hot ? 
how does this connect to your bed ? does it connect at all four corners or does it just connect top and bottom ? 
does it have a cover 
does serta make a memory foam topper with gel . what in this mattress controls heat ? 
what are the measurements of mattress ? 
do you ship to singapore ? 
what are the dimensions of this queen size and is it ferm 
i have a really stupid question ... ..which side goes up ... .the memory foam or the other foam 
does it come compress in a box ? 
do the buckets come with screens ? 
what is the size of the buckets ? 
what exactly are you getting please ? 2 buckets ? ? what else ? thanks . 
what is the size of the compost pail ( ie . volume ) ? is it stainless steel ? 
what kind of wood are these ? 
what is the color of these hangers ? dark brown or medium brown ? ( pictures are inconsistent ) 
are the hangers bowed at all ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? do they come with a sharpener ? 
are the blades serrated ? 
since when are 3 red , 1 purple and 2 black knives rainbow colored ? 
where are they made 
are they made in japan ? 
hi i just bought an down comforter and im looking for a nice comforterable duvet cover is this a good one 
what are the dimensions of this cover ? 
does this include pillow cases too ? or just the comforter cover ? 
i just want this item for the looks of the fireplace alone and not to heat . so , does it make any noise with fireplace on heater off ? 
does the wall mount come with the fireplace or do i need to buy a separate mounting bracket ? ? any idea the total weight ? 
does this unit have led sidelights ? i thought i saw it somewhere with them , but have not seen any mention of same . 
does the heat blow from the top or front . i where i plan to mount mine i need a front blower . 
would someone confirm the overall dimensions ? title says 33 '' but description says 36 '' . 
does the flame change colors 
i want to mount this above my bed in my bedroom . how far does it stick out from the wall , with the wall mount ? 
does this come with rocks like some electric fireplaces ? 
is this a two prong outlet or a three prong ? 
i understand this has a sliding thermostat but does the unit shut off once the desired temperature is reached ? 
what is the guarantee or warranty on this new heater ? 
lasko heaters cost how much ? 
what size is the mat and what is it made of ? 
i need a mat for my 91 yr old mother 's shower . is this really , really , really non-slip ? 
will this stick to a textured shower floor ? 
are cleaners safe to use to clean top of mat ? such as cleaners with clorox in them ? 
does the sticky `` lifespan '' of this mat depend on if..you mostly take baths ? instead of showers ? submerged longer with bath rather than typical shower . 
can you remove it and use again ? 
i have a t shape in my shower and would like to be able to cut the mat to size . can you cut it ? 
is this mat truly soft to sit , i prefer to sit but my bathtub is too cold ! brrrr ! 
looking ahead , what would removal of the adhesive entail ? would it damage the surface of the fiberglass tub floor ? 
after installed , what is the best way to keep the bath tub clean ? 
what are the inside dimensions where the butter sits ? 
is the base recessed to allow a water seal ? 
does it fit in butter holder on door of fridge 
dishwasher safe 
will this hold a 16oz of butter ? 
will this hold a one lb stick ? 
does this butter dish hold one lb of butter ? 
where can you find the ring holders that are shown in the pictures . i would like to order them as well as the organizer . 
do the dividers come out of any of the drawers ? 
is the acrylic on this organizer of good quality ? do the drawers open and close without effort ? 
is this too good to be true that all 11 reviews are 5 stars is this product this amazing i want to purchase this for my daughter who has lots makeup 
what drawers have dividers , and how many sections ? 
what kind of dividers come with the # 4l and # 5l ? ? and are they removable ? ? 
can this product be used with sugarveil to make flexible edible lace ? 
could this be used to make impressions in warm sugar art ( like suckers ) ? 
can sugarveil be used for these stencils ? 
can these mats be used with sugar dress ? it 's like sugar veil . 
how tall is it 
how tall is this loft 
does the mattress come with it 
how do i go about replacing the screws and nuts if i have lost them 
i need assembly instructions . i lost it how can i get other one ? 
assuming 8 ' ceilings , is there enough room on the top bunk to sit upright without hitting your head ? for someone around 5'5 '' and still growing ? 
what are the inner demensions under the loft . i would like to put another bed under it 
53 '' is bigger than a twin so does that make this a full ? 
what supports the mattress ? ? ? 
weight maximum 
is this the same pitcher that keurig sells for about $ 25 ? 
how many k cups does it take to fill it ? 
i have an individual brew cup to put any flavor coffee or tea into . can i use loose tea leaves ? 
how big is it ? a quart or more 
can i brew it from the keurig without ice ? i want the coffee to go into something other than a coffee cup to save for the morning . 
is it bpa free and is it dishwasher safe ? thanks in advance ! 
is this carafe dishwasher safe ? 
does this fit the kuerig 2.0 systems ? 
will it fit the platinum ? 
can you use this carafe with the vue 
how is it finished ? 
has anyone put the table on carpet & amp ; if so , is the base sturdy or does it tip ? thank you for responding . 
what type of wood ? parawood ? thanks ! 
does this require paint or shellac ? 
what is height of this table ? 
can the chair be placed near a wall . my chair is a wall away and i 'm hoping this one is too . 
can the legs be lifted while the back remains stationary ( eg . watching tv ) , and then continue to the recline position ? 
does the power recliner allow infinite positions leading to lay flat , or only fixed positions ? 
what is the width across the seat ? 
can this chair be operated with battery only ? 
does it have a battery backup in case of power failure ? also , what if i need repairs during warranty period , who will service it ? ? 
does this chair lay down flat 
hi . what is the weight capacity for this chair ? 
where do you locate model # ? 
what type of microfiber is this and where is the material made 
what are the actual dimensions of the frame when assembled ? several reviews say it is too short for a normal 75 '' long twin mattress . 
will i have any problems installing the headboard and footboard from a carter 's crib that allows the frame to be converted into a full size bed ? 
is there a warranty 
can i put 2 of these side by side to make 1 large bed ? 
can i extend the bed height with your height legs ? i need it to be at least 8 '' . 
can this be used without a box spring ? 
can this be attached to a headboard ? 
product dimensions : 75 x 75 x 7 inches , is this for the king size matress or twin size ? 
do you need a box spring with this frame ? 
do the casters rotate ? 
how many disks will the storage case hold ? it says it will hold more than the 12 it comes with , but it is hard to tell from the photos and in the video , it looks like extra disks would just sit between the 'ribs ' in the case . do i understand this ... 
is it strong enough to press cheese straw dough . 
what is the barrel of the cookie press made of ? i have had so many cookie presses to crack , that i am worried about getting another one . 
what if i want to make plain cookies ? i just want to use the press to make it easier , but not to make designs . 
can the thickness be adjusted to make a cookie crisp 
will this work with refrigerated dough , or is it not strong enough ? 
will it stand up to oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookies ? 
my sister is looking for a `` cookie shooter '' specifically to use to stuff squid , pasta shells and to make deviled eggs . will this item be able to do that ? 
can this cookie press be used to make cheese straws ? 
the plunger portion of my press seems to be able to move up or down without the lever action , is this normal , or do i have a defective one ? 
is the inside of the mug itself stainless steel , or is it plastic surrounded by stainless steel ? 
i see in the videos that the lid is dishwasher safe . but is the base ( the mug itself ) dishwasher safe also ? 
is this travel mug made in china ? thank you . 
this question is for the manufacturer . how long will the blue randolph be on back order ? or for that matter , any other color than gunmetal gray ? 
has anyone tried putting this lid ( with the handle ) on one of their 20-oz stainless steel tumblers ? 
is there a place to put a stainless steel straw in ? 
will this mug fit in a typical car holder ? 
is this mug for both right and left handed people ? 
what is the height of the mug ? i would like to make sure it fits under my keurig dispenser . 
i am not clear on the idea of 'button lock ' . will the button lock prevent the user from accidentally pushing down the button ( like in a backpack ) ? 
is the inside of the mug itself stainless steel , or is it plastic surrounded by stainless steel ? 
i see in the videos that the lid is dishwasher safe . but is the base ( the mug itself ) dishwasher safe also ? 
is this travel mug made in china ? thank you . 
this question is for the manufacturer . how long will the blue randolph be on back order ? or for that matter , any other color than gunmetal gray ? 
has anyone tried putting this lid ( with the handle ) on one of their 20-oz stainless steel tumblers ? 
is there a place to put a stainless steel straw in ? 
will this mug fit in a typical car holder ? 
is this mug for both right and left handed people ? 
what is the height of the mug ? i would like to make sure it fits under my keurig dispenser . 
i am not clear on the idea of 'button lock ' . will the button lock prevent the user from accidentally pushing down the button ( like in a backpack ) ? 
what is the measured length ( or height ) of this item ? 
can this work in the keurig 2.0 
how do you use this filter 
will these fit into the keurig k10 mini brewer ? 
will these fit the k75 unit ? 
are these filters the longer size or the typical size that comes with the filter housing sold by kuerig 
what do you use to clean them after extended use ? the coffee grime clogs the filter and nothing i tried will actually clean it . 
will these fit the k 45 ? 
how do you use this filter 
are there any platics in this machine and would it be safe to travel all the way to ireland and get here in one piece ? 
i would love to but this . i have researched everything there is and decided the electrics aren for me . is this a good buy ? i live in ireland are the replacement filters east to get and will the company still be in business in a few years time ? what ... 
what about the filters ? how often do they need changing ? cost ? ease ? 
what does it do ... apart from giving nice tasting water ... which tells me squat ? tell me about fluoride . tell me about the pre-filter . ? ? ? ? 
what is the ph of the water that comes from the machine 
what are the measurements ? 
what is the finish of the tray ? lacquered finished ? lustrous satin or sleek gloss ? 
what is this product made of ? it does n't say anywhere whether it is wood , or plastic or fiberboard . 
what is the size 
where was this product made ? 
what is the size of this tray ? 
what are the length , width and height ? 
is this damascus stamped ? 
does the ramblewood 's handle have a ridge down the side like shun , or is it rounded ? 
is ramblewood made in america ? 
what 's the country of origin ? 
how big stones ? is this system suitable stones from edge pro ? 
can you adjust the angle on this unit ? the description says `` fixed-angle '' which makes me think you ca n't . 
can anyone recommend some good quality stones for this device ? thx 
do the stones that come with the edgepro knock-off water or oil based ? 
what is the minimum and maximum stone length that will fit securely ? thanks . 
what type of carrying case bag is included ? also what color is it ? thanks . 
is there a bag included ? if so , what type of material and what color ? thanks 
hello , how much is the shipping to germany ? 
can you sharpen other types of knives besides kitchen ? if it 's a copy of edge pro , i would imagine you can , because the ep can sharpen all kinds . 
will this fit the shapton pro stones for edgepro apex ? 
what 's the youngest age appropriate for this ? need a space saver but do n't want a fall out of ! 
what is the height and width of this bed ? 
what is the width of the open space underneath ? 
i see the ends can be changed , but i 'm looking to buy 2 of these for one room , can ladder be attached to either side of the dresser for mirror effect ? 
what is the maximum thickness of mattress for this bed ? will a 6 inch foam mattress be low enough so the side of the bed act as a bedrail ? 
what is the real dimension ? at the top is 77 3 4 and u listed 77 
what is the real dimension ? at the top is 77 3 4 and u listed 77 
is this bed `` reversible '' can the three drawer end and the single drawer end be swapped around so that it can face the other way ? 
is the three drawer dresser at the foot of the bed connected to the bed ? or sold separately also ? 
does this come with both dressers ? or is the dresser in the middle sold separately ? 
how is this item packaged for shipping and what 's the shipping dimensions ? 
is this sectional shiny ? is it more white or beige color ? thanks ! 
why does this come up for sleeper sofa ? by moving the chase ? it does n't seem to have enough space . could someone help me ? 
on what side of the sofa is the chaise ? 
is the chase reversible or not ? thank you : - ) 
what is the dimension of this . 
does this come built 
why are there 2 different diminsions posted ? 
why are there 2 different diminsions posted ? 
are these dimensions correct ? they differ very significantly from the dimensions displayed on the howard miller site 
walnut and maples are hard woods , and would seem to hold up well to the blade of a knife . does the cherry gouge easier , resulting in uneven scratches ? 
how quickly will this ship ? 
how big is it ? 
can you ship to australia ? 
do you have a 12 by 24 piece ? 
what size of cutting boards do you offer ? ( l x w x h ) i am looking for something in the range of 36 '' x 48 '' x 2 '' 
what size of cutting boards do you offer ? ( l x w x h ) i am looking for something in the range of 17 '' x 13 '' x 1 '' 
how much height is there to the shelves ? 
is the finish high gloss white or normal white ? 
what 's the depth for this shelf ? 
is the back of the shelf finished too ? would it look ok against a window ? 
do you have it in black ? 
what is the weight that these shelves can take ? is it sturdy ? 
i know the height is 63 and width 47.2 but how about depth ? 
could this be used as a room divider ? are both front and back white ? 
what are the measurements ? 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
are they lead free ? what grade is the stainless steel ? 
how many oz ? 
what size and how many ounces are these cups ? 
are these lined with anything 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
what are the size of these ? height and width ? thanks 
can you iron sheet with steamfast sf 623bk 
how does it work on blouses 
i wonder to know if the streamer supports 220v ? 
are replacement covers available for this mid size ? 
does it press linens well 
i am looking for a steam press to steam pant creases . does this work 
how hot does this get and can you use without steam . 
what size is it ? 
how many watts of electricity does the unit use ? 
i am looking for a press that will work well on iron-on girl scout badges . can anyone tell me about the pressure feature ? 
what fabric are the sheets 
there is a bed skirt in the picture . is it included ? 
is there a soccer ball on the comforter ? or just baseball , football , basketball . thanks ! 
will the sheets fit a pillow top full matress ? 
what is the fabric made of ? cotton or 50 50 poly blend ? 
can this fit a queen bed ? 
would this fit a queen size bed ? 
are all the items in this bedding set 100 % cotton ? 
what is the size on this pillow ? it says oversized- i have the regular but want bigger one ... 
do you cover with a pillow case ? 
i have been all over looking for pillow protetcors and pillow cases for this oversize pillow . i hope someone will share where they are fi 
what kind of blue is that and do the towels bleed at all ? thanks ! 
can i provide artwork in pdf 
hi , if i purchase ten towels is the shipping still $ 7.00 per towel ? thank you . 
hi , wanted to order 4 towels for delivery by friday , 3 27 , any way to ensure this could happen ? would be simple with one name only on each towel.thx ! 
if i place an order tomorrow will i receive by christmas ? thank you 
what color did you have the letters ? 
how do i get it personalized ? 
hi ! are you able to write `` katie 's party towel '' ? thanks ! marsha 
can put names at the end of each towel ? 
can i use a combination letters and numbers for a monogram and a date ? 
does it come with the cheese or would that be a separate purchase ? 
can i buy a motor for one if i own one 
how many serving in a 140oz bag ? 
our little leauge is looking to buy a cheese machine . would you come down on the price at all for this machine ? 
are the shelves adjustable in this curio ? it says it comes with 3 shelves total but only two are shown . 
is this curio the mahogony dark colored , i already purchased one from you beautiful , want another 
what is the color of the wood on this curio 
what is the color of wood , if i would get 2 do you combine shipping ? 
what size is it , how wide , deep and tall 
how many shelves does this have ? i like the double doors because it would be easier for my daughter to use than cd06 . please answer asap , thank you ! 
does this cupboard come in black ? 
hi , do you have a similar white wall mount curio cabinet maybe 5-6 inches deep ? 
is there a possibility that you would ship to canada for me ? thanks 
your cabinet in the advertisement is greyish white . is it the same color we would obtain if we ordered the cabinet ? if so , i would order two . 
how big are the shelves ? height and weight and depth , want to make sure it 's big enough for my needs . 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
does it only come in white . 
can this cabinet also be used as a table top rather than a wall mount 
can you blend nuts in this 
there is a white model of this unit and it comes with 3 cups and a bowl . does this black model come with the same items included ? 
i have cups and the blade attachment will they work with this unit ? 
how do you start the blender ? 
are the insides of these cups stainless steel ? in the picture , the inside looks like black plastic . i would like stainless steel inside and out . 
can you bake with these 
what is the outside diameter of the top of the tumbler ? thanks ! 
do these cups say what type of stanless steel ? 
is there a lid made to go with these tumblers ? 
do these stack well or do they get stuck together ? 
please advise the inside diameter at the top of the cup ? thank you 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
what is the country of origin for these ? 
how much does one stainless double-wall cup weigh ? 
is the bedspread entirely burgundy , or is that white section part of the bedspread as shown on the above photo ? 
is this a cherry red or more of a burgundy ? thanks ! 
what are the measurements ? not given ! ! ! 
king measurements ? 
what are the dimensions of the comforter ? 
can you tell me if the bedspread is mostly white with red on the end -- or mostly red . it is hard to tell . thank you ! 
can you use this electric motor with the b2b 220 food strainer & amp ; sauce maker 
does the strainer still have to be attached to the counter with the screw when the electric motor is used ? 
is there a trick to removing motor ? sometimes it removes easily and others not . i have left it on because i can get it off 
which stainless steel screen comes with this vkp250 sauce maker ? 
will it fit a norpro 1991 saucemaster ? 
i am from australia and amazon wont ship the motor to here , any clues on how to get this motor to australia 
anyone know the shaft rpm ? 
can you use this to make peanut and almond butter ? 
so the motor and strainer together is $ 54 or is the strainer $ 51 and the motor $ 54 ? 
i 'm unsure about the color of this ? the picture looks `` espresso '' or like a very dark wood , but the description says `` cherry '' ... anyone ? 
indicate width , heights & amp ; how deep , what numbers go with what ? 
how tall is it & amp ; how wide ? could n't find that info anywhere . 
where was it manufactured ? 
what are the measurements ? length , width and height . 
it looks like the top is a lighter color wood than the rest of the table , is it ? 
how does it come together , does the bottom 4 inches of each leg screw into the longer portion of each leg below the bottom shelf ? 
is the back finished , i.e . can i use it as a room divider ? thanks 
can it support a flat screen tv ? 
is the center front of the table a functioning drawer ? 
what is the distance between the two front supports ? 
can this be assembled wihtout the bottom shelf ? 
how high is the first shelf from the floor ? and hie far apart are the first shelf and the top ? 
what are the dimensions 
the dimensions , how wide , tall & amp ; long ? ? ? 
does this need to be assembled ? 
i 'm missing the hardware for my table . 
any idea of the btu rating of this burner ? 
what kind of connection does it have on it ? 1 2 '' ? 
does it need a pressure regulator ? 
can you use indoor kitchen ? 
what is the diameter of both the 32 and 23 burners ? 
i 'm planning on using these commecially on a custom rack . how high should the pot sit above the burner for most effecient cooking ? 
i 'm looking into purchasing these for a home brew sculpture . my current propane burner is extremely loud , how loud are these wide open for a full boil 
what products do you suggest to regulate the heat output ? i 'm trying to hook it up from my ng supply ( 4oz service ) . is 4oz enough for 320k btu ? 
do you have free shipping 
are these plates microwave safe ? 
are these plates dishwasher safe ? 
dishwasher safe ? 
are the dividers in this box guaranteed compatible with 15ml oil bottles sold by `` doterra ' and `` young living ' ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
where is this box made in ? 
the description said 2 shams ... why does it have 2 shams ... are the 2 pillow cases included : ( 
do you know what kind of material it is and the dimensions of the comforter ? 
can you give me the dimenssions of this product in the cal king please . 
could anyone tell me how this is packaged and shipped ? since it 's glass , i 'm worried it could arrive in a million pieces . 
is the top lid supposed to have a plastic gasket on it so that the beverage ca n't just slosh out when the pitcher is moved ? 
what is the capacity ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
what is the opening for the spigot ? it says you can buy a 5 8 spigot with it but its not specd with the product itself . 
what is the capacity ? 
what is the diameter of the bottom of the dispenser ? 
how tall is this without the lid ? 
why ca n't someone sell just replacement spigots for beverage dispensers and i do n't want the cheap plastic ones that they offer . 
does it come in pieces or ready ? can i make it fit into a luggage ? 
does it turn move on its axis like a ferris wheel ? 
does it spin ? 
what is the maximum height it could fit for one cupcake ? what is the width of the individual holder ? 
what is the width of the side of the ferris wheel , the triangular edge ? 
is it heavy ? ? ? and what is its weight since i want to ship it by a carrier company 
i ca n't see connection into wall - i have beam classic iii , no direct connect plug in outlet . will it work ? 
hello , i was told to order this but to say it was the pigtail configuration is what i needed , will this work 
i have a beam central vac system that was installed in 2004. will this be compatible ? 
is this the unit i want for my beam system that plugs in with 2 prongs into the wall . there is no 120 volt plug in at the wall only the low voltage . 
we have a centec model cpb-100 & amp ; need to replace the vacuum canister & amp ; wand . will this work ? 
is the item advertised a genuine beam rug master product with beam product markings ? 
how to clean a central vcuum system 
is this product a beam rungmaster or a generic ? product description it states , `` generic '' but title sounds like name brand . 
will this hose work with out lets that require the separate cord to plug into an electrical outlet ? 
does the hose come with a slip on protective cover ? 
i am interested in this chair as a dog bed , is it stable once blown up ? thank you . 
is it worth the price that it is ? 
is it better with bean or air filled ... ? 
does it have warranty ? when i came back the next morning to the office i found that the chair had lost its shape . noone sat on it . 
is it bean bag chair or only the cover ? 
how big is it ? i am looking for something about 3 ft. for my bedroom ? 
does it come with filling ? 
is it cumfy 
is it can be wash ? ? ? thanks ! ! ! 
is is nice to lay on 
what are dimensions for standard shams ? 20 x 26 ? 
is an order for one sham or a pair ? 
does this come with one sham or two 
is this the price for one sham or two ? 
will this hold libbey 4 1 2 ounce glass spice jars ? thank you ! 
what are the dimensions of this spice rack - height is my main concern . 
do you think that this could be affixed to a stainless steel peg board ? 
is it really 3 '' deep ? want to put republic of tea canisters on this instead of spice jars and do n't know if they 'll fit . thanks ! 
how do i get more little black tips for my shelve ? 
mine arrived missing one of the little black `` feet , '' so it wo n't sit evenly on the countertop . anyone know where you can get extra little `` feet ? '' 
i would be interested in mountng it on a wall.. it looks as though there are tabs grooves to accommodate a nail ? ? 
how high is this spice rack ? 
would i be able to fit 5oz . woozy hot sauce bottles on either shelf ? what about a 12oz woozy bottle ? thanks 
can anyone tell me how high this spice rack is ? 
do the feet have rubber covers bottoms to protect countertops ? some reviewer say yes , some no . thanks 
how much fruit can this hold ? my husband and i like to have a lot of fruit around the house . 
what is the size of this fruit basket ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
could this be hung with a hook at the top ? 
what are the measurements of this product ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is this made of ? 
are the feet covered in rubber to protect countertops ? some reviews say yes , some no . thanks 
hpw many spices do you think this rack would hold ? 
is this sturdy enough to hold nail polish bottles ? standing up , or mounted ? how many would fit ? 
what are the external dimensions ? 
what is the height between shelves ? will the interior shelves accommodate a jar that is 4.5 inches high ? 
could this rack hold a small to medium mason jar ? 
could this be spray painted another color ? 
can this rack be mounted on inside of a cabinet door ? 
will the simply organic spice bottles fit ? 
will my spice shakers that are 2 inches in diameter ( on top ) and 4.5 inches high fit in the bottom two tiers ? 
do you think this will sit on the top of my kitchen stove ? the potion that is about 3 '' wide at the back , against the wall , above the controls ? 
what is the space between the 2 lower shelves ? how tall of spice jars can be placed on these two shelves ? 
can you give the dimensions of the actual rack portion that holds the spices etc . i planned on using it to store tea in small glass jars 2 '' diameter 
downsized to a condo . do you have to mount this rack ? ? i have a tiled wall kitchen and do not want to hang it on the wall . thanks . 
how many mccormick size spice bottles would fit on each shelf ? 
would this be able to hold shot glasses ? 
can this be mounted to a wall ? 
please advise me as to the width and height restrictions for my spices . 
is this rack holder wide enough to be used as a tea rack holder ? 
can you confirm the depth of the shelves is only 1.5 inches . i just measured my standard ( mccormick ) spice containers and they are just over 1.5 for the small ones and 2 '' for the tall ones . i love this rack but if its 1.5 it wont quite make it . 
love this rack . what are the dimensions ? 
how do you take apart the fobs to install batteries ? 
is this good for finding pets in the house and where to you put receiver on pet ? 
one of the buttons works but the other does not ? any ideas ? i 've checked that the batteries are good . 
how do you get the fob open ? 
were do i find parts the backs fell off after the first use . and yes they were twisted on : ) 
how to open transmitter to put in aaa batteries ? 
ca n't get the back off the fob to insert battery . help ? 
what is the voltage input 110v or 220v for each of the parts ? 
how to make it work ? 
how to get the fobs open to insert battery ? 
can you tell me the % of carbon in this product ? 
does the delivered package include two pkgs of 16 '' x 48 '' , or is this the total quantity ? ( 16 '' x48 '' ) 
recent reviewers claim this product is thin and flimsy , yet others claim it is thick . what is the thickness ? is it 1 4 '' , 1 8 '' , 1 16 '' ? 
does the material come in a ziplock bag ? supposedly , they go bad if not enclosed . 
can this be used as filter for a micro wave oven ? 
how thick is this ? 
how wide is it ? 
does it rotate ? 
how tall is this and how many cups does it hold ? 
do you have to press and hold down the button to keep it whisking ? 
do i need to unscrew the body to insert batteries ? 
will it work with the almond milk i make from almonds ? i would love it to make hot chocolate with the weather starting to turn cool . thank you ! ! 
is the wand detachable ? is the handle made of plastic or a different material ? how long will it last ? planning on buying this but need some answers ! 
do i need a special canister or can i just use a mug with this frother ? 
i assume using this is superior to using an immersion ( handheld stick ) blender because the speed is lower . is this correct ? 
will this make a stiff froth ? i currently have the aero latte brand and it is not performing very well , extremely slow and not stiff milk foam , limp 
is the button easy to press ? i have . arthritis 
what is the length of the metal portion that goes into the glass ? ( in cm , inches , etc ) 
how does this compare to the automatic jug-based frothers that both froth & amp ; warm the milk ? and how long typically do you need to froth for with this ? 
what are the dimensions of the space underneath ? i 'm think of sliding a shoe rack under it 
what is length and width ? 
is it solid wood or veneer ? 
i 'd like to use this in the corner of the kitchen for the coffee pot and a k-cup carousel ? do you think it would be sturdy enough for that ? 
what color is this table ? 
are all of the drawers the same size ? the open drawer appears to be wider ... what are the interior dimensions of the drawers ? 
is this piece finished or would i be able to stain ? 
could this be used as an end table ? 
how big are the drawers ? 
height & amp ; width 
can this stand hold 60 inch led tv ? does it swivel ? 
does the stand come with the mount if so what is the total height of item 
this work for 65 in 
what are its dimensions ? 
does the mount that holds the television allow you to hide the wires inside so they can be nice and neat ? 
can we adjust height ( 22 '' to 40 '' ) ? is it possible to adjust height 
how big is each cube ? i would like to put baskets inside , but need to know how big the cubes are 
what 's the maximum load on the top ? i want to put a 36 '' standard tube television on top , that thing is heavy 
are both sides laminated ? ( no wood showing ) 
are these suitable for 12 '' records without worrying about bending ? 
is this a solid black or brown black ? 
size ? 
what are the dimensions of this divider bookcase ? nowhere is this stated ! 
what color is this ? black or espresso ? thanks ! 
what size is it 
will the top tabletop stand up to cold ( and wet ) drinks ( glasses ) ? i.e . if particle board , bubble up ? 
hi ! has anyone bought the matching tv stand to this ? i understand this one is espresso , does it match the espresso tv stand ? 
what color is the table 
is it made of wood ? 
is it easy to put together ? 
does anyone know how to choose the dark cherry instead of the espresso ? i have already purchased the tv stand and want the same color for the table . 
i 've seen a few complaints about the laminate coming off . is this a general problem or a infrequent occurrence ? 
what size is it ? 
is this in color espresso ? 
will it fit a 40-42 inch tv ? 
will this work for a 60 '' tv ? how much space is in between the shelves ? 
i want to use this for my 55 inch samsung tv , any advice ? 
if i mount a 50in tv is there enough room on shelf for center channel speaker or sound bar on the top shelf and cable box on bottom shelf ? 
i already have my tv mounted . can this be used without the mount ? i only need the shelves . would it work without the mount ? 
if it will fit a 32 '' tv ? 
what is the actual color ? black , espresso ... ? thank you ! ! 
what size is it ? 
what are the dimensions 
is it bpa free ? 
on their website it says 240 watts but here it says 400 watts . can someone double check with the box ? 
anyone have the motor go out other than the 1 bad review ? 
i need a compact blender to make iced coffee . i was going to get a hand blender but this looks less messy . will it crush the ice while mixing ? 
it support power of 220v ac ? 
i have previously purchased one.. is there anywhere or anyway to buy more of the cups with the closing lids ? 
can you buy just the replacemet blades ? ? 
there are no recycling codes on any of the plastic parts and no information on the box or in the instruction manual to tell me if this bpa free ... ? 
where was it made 
where can i get a replacement gasket ? 
the listing says 5 foot . if your wall is 4'10 '' '' , does the rod adjust or does it have to be cut down ? 
how wide is the showe curtain bar 
do you have to dismantle the rod to change the curtain ? 
how far out does this rod arc past its ends ( i.e. , how much elbow room is gained ) ? 
can this be adjusted to fit a 56 inch space ? 
would this product work for a 58 '' span ( 5 ' implies exactly 60 '' , but it says the aluminum is flexible ... ) ? 
will this eliminate smoke smells like cigars ? 
is this helpful if walking around in a poluted city such as delhi ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the warranty ? 
how long does the battery last ? where is the best place to purchase replacement batteries ? 
does this device help if there are impurities in the air like smoke from fires , paint odors , dust , allergins from plants ? 
i hear these are not aloowed on most airlines ? is there any documantation available on if allowed ? 
is the battery rechargeable , or can it use rechargeable batteries ? 
what is the actual height i have seen 24 1 4 and 25 
will this fit my tv that is 50 inches straight across ? i do n't want any to hang over the sides . 
will this fit my tv that is 50 inches straight across ? i do n't want any to hang over the sides . another person ordered 50 '' , received smaller size . 
is there some advantage to leaded glass ? 
is this product solid wood or particle board ? 
does the glass front interfere with the signals from the tv and cable remotes ? 
is this unit fully enclosed ? 
is this piece truly 40 inches high , or not ? the picture does not look like a 40-inch-high console . please advise 
could you please tell me the true width of this furniture ? i have seen it listed from 46.75 '' wide to 53 '' wide not sure of the inconsistency . 
how is the middle section opened up ? i see no knob . 
can you ajust thr scales to weight right 
what is the weight capacity ? 
is it okay to use with a pacemaker ? 
does it weigh in both pounds and kilos ? 
does this scale set memory weight for a history count , i.e . if starting a diet , weighing 1 day & amp ; want the scale to keep track of the 3rd day so forth ? 
about how long do you have to get both feet onto scale before it registers ? my elderly father is slow getting both feet planted on the scale . 
can you adjust volumn 
what is the maximum weight on this scale . thanks . 
what is the dimension of the platform where you stand ? 
can you turn off the talking feature ? 
what is the seat height ? 
how much weight can it support ? 
does this chaise contain toxic flame retardants ? 
is it the same color as the handy living milan sofa ? exact same color ? 
is the back 32 '' off the floor at it 's highest and the bench itself a 26.5 '' wide seating area , or the other way around ? 
need to know theheight from floor to top of chair seat someone said theyare shorter than dining room chairs which would make for awkward seating for 
is the weight capacity listed on the chair packaging ? is so , how much weight can a chair hold ? 
this is for a set of 4 chairs right ? 
what is the weight capacity the chair can hold 
how high is the seat ? thank you ... nancy 
what are the folded dimensions ? 
who much weigth have ? 
it 's hard to tell by the pictures but are the drawer fronts flat or curved ? 
is the color of this picture pretty true to actual color ? 
does the drawers have divided spots for better organization or is it just open drawers ? 
i am looking for a somewhat heavy set of flatware . how can i tell which ones ( like this one ) , or a heavier set ? 
is this silverware dishwasher safe ? or has anyone seen any 'rust spots ' ? 
is this lightweight or does it feel slightly heavy when held ? 
hi , i am looking for a wider handle of silverware because of carpel tunnel in the wrist . what do you recommend , or where does it tell you the patterns 
are the knives one solid piece ? 
is this product made in the usa ? 
does it rust in the dishwasher ? 
is the spoon durable enough to scoop ice cream ? 
weight ? 
where are these made ? 
could you give me the measured height , only have 15 inch under counter space , where you put coffee grounds , is it a pull out in front or open lid on top machine ? 
how hard ( how much of a mess ) is it to empty the coffee from the coffee maker on the rare occasions that there is leftover coffee ? 
how do you make the coffee flow faster ? the opening seems to have gotten smaller over the years , in spite of frequent rinsing . 
i bought two of these back in august and for some reason they both leak water down in the basin by the warmer . what causes this ? 
i like my coffee hot sounds like this doesnt brew very hot ... 
is anyone else having trouble with water leaking into the heat element area ? 
new . water coffee will not get hot , just lukewarm . troubleshoot ? ? ? ? 
hi there ... if someone wanted the best of both worlds ... does anyone use a carafe ( third-party or hamilton ) to use with this dispensing coffeemaker ? 
only had this since feb. 2014 pouring button broke i do n't know if i should rebuy or not . old model never broke wanted upgrade . 
why do i get water under the holding tank ? 
how do i power the juicer on ? 
ca n't get it to start back working . i used it and now it has stopped working . what should i do to get it working again ? 
can you buy extra parts ? someone melted my top and i need a new one 
how do i take this juicier apart to clean ? 
what are the top and bottom diameters of these stoppers ? does anyone know ? thanks 
what size would i need for 20mm bottom and 30mm top ? a sizing chart would sure be nice . 
what is the size of the center hole ? i need this for something not related to wine beer making ... . 
does the # 6 fit regular 5gal plastic water bottles ? 
for formenting veggies , do you drill out the jar top to use these ? and if so what size bit or method do you use ? 
this size is too small for my gallon jug , so what is the best size for a one gallon jug ? 
can this be used in a plastic mason jar cover ? 
size 6 ? ? fits this bottle , fits that bottle ? ? what is the radius top and bottom ? 
will this hold both k and vue pods ? 
size 
what are the dimensions of this product 
what size cups does it hold ? 
is this a single unit ? or can it be broken down so one can have just the `` organizer '' or the `` anchor '' out ? 
material ? ? ? 
what is the height of the pad the coffee maker sits on ? 
does the keurig rivo fit on the stand ? 
what are the dimensions of the pad that you put the coffee maker on ( l x w ) 
approximately how many cherry tomatoes do you think could fit in these ? i want to sell tomatoes out of them but do n't want them to be too big . 
could you please confirm the bigget size i can get ? ? 
can you please clarify the dimensions of these baskets ? are they ( 4 '' x4 '' x1.75 '' ) or 4 inches by 4 inches and are 3 inches tall ? 
i 'm confused , is the qty 10 baskets or 100 ? thanks ! 
are these baskets wooden ? 
are these a pint or a quart size ? 
are these a true turquoise or are they kind of a muddy turquoise ? 
so if i order 1 in quantity do i receive 100 baskets ? 
how big is this pitcher ? how many ounces does it hold ? 
does the lid swivel to close the pitcher to keep odors out when it 's in the refrigerator , and then swivel open to pour ? thank you . ? 
how many ounces 
i only see one person who actually state how long it took to defrost something . can anyone give me an example of what they thawed and how long ? ? 
is hot water used in a tray under the thawing plate ? 
is this made of carbon or some other metal ? 
what is the size please 
can you make crunch rice at the bottom with these bowls and how do you clean afterwards ? thank you . 
can i use on electric stove top ? 
does the `` large size '' come with the lid ? because only the medium size says '' medium with lid '' . 
is the large big enough for a meal ... like when we go eat in a restaurant thx 
can it be used on a glass , electric cooktop ? not induction . 
do you need a lid with these bowls ? 
has anyone tried making south indian fish curry in this pot ? if yes , is it good ? what size is recommended ? is it like the terracotta pot ? 
has anyone cooked jjigae in these ? 
is the lid necessary for bibimbap ? 
how many pots for $ 29 ? 
is this for 6 racks which can hold 72 bottles or for 4 racks that can hold 48 botles ? 
does this wine rack accommodate different size bottles - some bottles are slightly larger at bottom . 
i am trying to match with another rack i have had for a few years , how tall are the stacking blocks ? 
if i bought two sets , could i safely stack these more than six high ? how much higher ? 
need to hold 100 to 108 bottles . can you purchase racks ? 
please describe the assemble process of the unit 
just used the grinder for the first time . the batter scraped off from the granite stones was black , what is it ? how to avoid getting that black stuff ? 
is this wet grinder tilt ? 
can this use a 220 volt power source ? 
does this product comes with basic warranty ? 
i want to use this for making small batches of chocolate . would this be good for this process and would it run for a few hours ? 
can it be used to knead atta for chapatis 
how long can this grinder run before it overheats ? 
anyone tried grinding minced meat for kabobs ( for sheekh or shami ) ? 
do we know the motor speed for this grinder ? 
im getting some smell while running this grinder , why ? 
why is there a hole in the lid ? 
about how many people would a meal serve , if cooked in a crock pot this size ? 
the description states it is plastic ( stoneware insert ) . does the plastic get hot and is there any danger of it melting ? 
is this round or oval ? 
is this round or oval ? 
does it come with a lid latch ? 
what are the internal dimensions of the inside pot ? 
does this have a light when its `` on off '' to let you kow it 's in operatio ? . thank you ! = ) cali 
does it automatically shift to warm when cooking time ends ? 
where is this manufactured ? is it china ? 
how wide is the top of the desk . like the part you actually set things on just so you know exactly what im talking about 
how high is the actual lower desk portion ? 
i did n't receive assembly instructions . could anyone email them to me , please ? 
how wide is the keyboard tray drawer ? 
can the writing section attach to the left side ? 
what is the lengthxwidth of the work surface ? please provide the dimensions of each side of the l shape . 
what are the full dimensions of the desk without the extra lshape . i would like to get the desk but not installing the extra piece . ? 
can the top shelf of the hutch hold a small flat screen tv ? 
how big is the space the monitor is in ? whats the biggest monitor small tv i could fit in there ? 
is the desk strong for a person to sit on it ? 
is this a towel , blanket or bathrobe ? why does it have `` bathrobe '' in the product description ? 
do you use this for yoga class ? 
if it states , `` 100 % cotton '' why does the product description say `` 60 % rayon '' , very misleading 
have you tried a bamboo cotton peshtemal ? which do you prefer ? an all cotton like this or the blend ? i do n't know which to buy . 
what color is this ? 
ive read that some distillers have a 2 phase heating process . this first removes anything that boils off at lower temp than h20 . is feature included ? 
how much does it cost to run the machine on electricity ? 
where do the minerals filtered out go ? 
how do you clean the chamber area with the coils for build up , i do n't have the manual for my distiller . can you use white vinegar ? 
hello , can you tell me what year this was manufactured ? i would like to have a 2014 one for warranty purposes . thanks so much . 
was the installation difficult 
what exactly does the 15 year guarantee cover ? i will not know how to diagnosis or repair issues with the distiller . 
will this require setup and maintenance by my son or handyperson ? ? ? i am a senior and am not particularly handy . 
i just bought a this water distiller . after running 3-4 batches , i am already seeing a corrosion on the lid.is this normal or defect ? 
what is the heating element made of , stainless steel or other material ? 
can you heat tortillas in this warmer 
how big is this warmer ? 
is it 10 inch ? 
i wanted to get this press to make rotis ( flatbread made of wheat flour ) . how well will this work ? how is the build etc . i want something really sturd 
can you use this for flour tortiallas ? 
is this truly made of mesquite wood ? 
could you please tell me what size tortillas this press will make . also , is the top carved ? it looks decorative , but the picture is so small . 
12 presses were good reviews , 5 presses were bad reviews , so how do i make sure i get a good press ? 
what size are the wood plates ? in other words , how big of tortillas will this make ? 
i broke the handle on the press . can i purchase a new handle ? 
how much heat does this generate ? any way to duct the heat used to regenerate the desiccant outdoors ? 
how large an area will this cover ? does it say it will operate at 30 degrees ? i need to use it in an unheated shop and sometimes it gets cold . thanks ! 
usually these things have a number of pints rating . i do n't see that here ... any info ? 
i have noticed several people comment on the smell . is it very noticible ? would it bother people just sitting in a family room ? 
is this humidifier quiet ? 
can i operate this dehumidifier below freezing ( below 32 f ? ) i need a dehumidifier i can leave running year-round in an unheated space . 
does this unit give off any light in the dark ? i am very sensitive to light . 
what is the tank size of this dehumidifier ? and is it quiet ? 
i just bought this dehumidifier and have used it for 3 days now . i am very happy with it except every so often it makes a strange clicking noise ? 
what size room is this unit rated for ? i need it for a 1000 sq ft space with rh between 40-50 % . 
would this set work for a 2 year old and 5 year old 
is the made of plastic ? 
can you buy two extra chairs to go with this set 
what are the dimensions of the table ? 
what do you use to clean table ? 
what is the weight of the packed product because i an shipping it out of the us ? 
hi everyone , would you say this table is washable for example if they drew all over it with crayons ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
do the shelves have a lip on the front to keep the trains in place ? 
what are the outside length , height , and depth dimensions ? plus , what is the inside height between the top of one shelf and the bottom of the shelf ab 
do you have a version of this case with a mirrored back instead of the felt ? i 've seen others with mirror backs , but not with these dimensions . 
length and with 
size 
can the filters be washed ? $ 50 - $ 60 seems like a lot for a filter if you have to replace it very often . 
how does this product work for eliminating dust ? this is my main concern i have 4 dogs and they make the house very dusty . 
when you first turned on your air purifier did you notice a strong unpleasant smell ? 
does this have an auto setting ? i know it has a programmable timer , just wondering if it works on auto so i do n't have to adjust as necc ? thank you ! 
does the ionizer in this unit make the air smell fresh like how air smells after it rains . 
does this have an auto setting ? i know it has a programmable timer , just wondering if it works on auto so i do n't have to adjust as necc ? thank you ! 
does it illiminate odors and car fumes ? 
is running on 220 volts ? 
will this run well in a bathroom , where the air is very humid after showers ? any warnings against humidity ? 
is there any plastic in the construction of this press ? 
does it feel cheesy ? 
is the glass detachable from the metal ? 
is it possible to get a 12 oz replacement carafe ? 
is the glass microwaveable ? 
is this bag strong enough to hold pottery sold at street fairs 
is this bag handle twisted or made of flat paper ? 
do u happen to have the gusset dimensions of the bag ? 
is the 10 1 4 '' height inclusive of the handle , or no ? 
what are the exact dimensions of the bag itself , not including the handle ? 
does this bag have the words 100 % recycled and the manufacturer 's name printed on the bag ? 
do you fill the base with water ? i just bought one & amp ; looks like the pan sits directly on heating unit . the directions say nothing about adding water , 
can i insert a glass bowl coming from the oven into to this chafing dish ? 
how deep is the actual food container ? can it handle food with toothpicks inserted ? 
can you put the removable dish in oven to cook in it then set on warmer tray to keep warm ? 
what is the watt power of this unit ? 
do you put water in the lower pan 
what is the approximate diameter ? 
i have this chafing dish and have loved it but the lid smashed into pieces and i want another one . is there any way i can get a new lid ? any ideas ? 
how much watts does it use ? 
is the removable dish oven safe ? 
can the outdoor unit be mounted on the wall instead of on the ground ? 
we would like to purchase a dual zone ductless mini split to service our bedroom ( 300sf ) and sun room ( 300sf ) . wiil a 9000 btu unit be sufficient ? 
can a copper refrigeration lines be extended to 40 ' ? and can you give a warranty info please . 
is this more efficient than two separate units would be on energy consumption ? 
what kind of power requirements does the unit have ? 
does this run on 110 v or do you need more amps ? 
are you still out of the 9,000 indoor units ? if so , when do you expect them to be back in stock ? thank you 
how long is the warranty ? ? who manufactures the compressor ? 
where can i find the installation manual online for the 9000 wyd009al3zar-l ? 
do the indoor units have to be mounted on an exterior wall ? 
hello , how heavy is this seat . 
can the quadrant holders be installed together , so i can have my yoke system quadrant and extra quadrant together ? so i can have multi-engine setups . 
can you play xbox on it 
you reference volair flight controls and accessories . do you feel its better than my precision cirrus ii set-up will i work with your set up ? 
how much adjustment is there with the seat in terms of sliding leg room as i am 6'-4 '' and would like to have my 10 year old grandchildren us it ? 
what size monitors can be put up and how do you configure them to spread out over three tvs do it looks natural ? 
hello , how much space is needed to use this item ? 
is it possible to remove the 2 bars that stick up to hold up the 3 monitors ? 
can i buy the keyboard and mouse swivel unite seperate 
how far is the center monitor from your face ? it looks really far away in some pictures . is it close enough for basic everyday pc tasks like email ? 
is it charred inside ? also , what does it come with aside from the barrel itself ? and does this have `` jam '' written on it as seen in the picture ? 
does this barrel dispense and come with stopper and spout 
hello , i 'd like to have initials engraved , is that an option , and if so is there an added charge ? also does it come with everything shown in this pic 
are the barrels varnished , or are they raw oak ? 
hello , does this include the barrel stand ? 
i bought this yesterday and would like it personalized before it is shipped out ? is there a phone number i can call or a direct email ? 
where do you enter what you want to be engraved ? i do n't see the option anywhere up to the placing order step . 
how do i get it engraved when ordering ? 
is it possible to engrave letters on the barrel with this particular company ? 
is the barrel re-useable ? 
can this barrel be personalized with initials by chance ? 
what are the dimensions of the barrel in height , diameter in middle and width at bottom top ? 
are these barrels flamed out ( charred on the inside ) ? 
is this barrel charred on the inside ? i 'm looking for one that is . thank you ! 
does this 1liter barrel dispense 
is this good for scotch or only tennessee whiskey 
does it come with the spout and top cork ? 
is that 3x1200 but ? ? ? ? 
is the heat electric element , or heat pump ? thanks 
can i get the triple zone with 3- 18,000 head units . i want to use 2 and keep the third for a spare . i also have a single 18,000 . 
do i need to hire an electrician or plumber to install these units ? 
is that 9000x2 and 18000 
i just ordered this unit and i would like one 18,000 but and two 9,000 but units . what do i need to do cause it never asked when i was checking out . 
what are the dimensions of the compressor unit , and how far away from a wall must it be placed ? 
is it waterproof ? 
what is the little cloth square for ? 
what size sleeping bag can this handle ? 
does the water stay cold ? would this be good for lower back pain ? 
where can you buy replacement funnel 
how often do you have to change the water ? 
can you empty the water and wash the pillow in a washing machine ? 
what is the size of the pillow ? 
does it stay cool ? 
what is the difference between this premium version and the standard model 1006 ? 
was there a plastic odor when the pillow first arrived ? if so , did it take long to dissipate ? 
has anyone reading this tried filling the pouch with something like buckwheat husks instead of water ? 
it was stated that the pillow changes height ? how does that work ? 
can the led display be turned off ? are the display lights always on ? i 'd like to run this ac in pitch dark when i 'm sleeping w o any leds shining . 
what is the warranty on this product ? 
is it possible to mount the outdoor unit higher than the indoor unit ? 
does this come with refrigerant and does it require professional installation ? 
does this unit automatically defrost ? at what low ambient outdoor air temperature does it still operate effieciently ? 
is the defrost cycle time initated or demand ? 
can this unit ship by usps ? 
question regarding the indoor unit that 's normally mounted above a window . i have only 8.5 '' available from window edge to ceiling . options ? 
does the system operate continuously in all rooms , or does it time share each interior unit ? 
is there a difference in performance of these hibiscus lids vs the `` lilypad '' design ? both are charles viancin product . is one a new & amp ; better version ? 
can you use this instead of a lid to simmer on the stove top ? 
are these oven safe ? 
where are these made ? ( i 'm assuming china ... ) 
can they be used in the oven if so to what temperature ? 
what is the highest oven temperature the lids can withstand ? 
does it come pre-charged with freon ? 
what is the coldest outside temperature that this will work under ? i live in southern indiana , temps can get down to 0 here in the winter . 
what is `` dry '' mode for ? i read about it in the manual but it does n't make sense to me . 
can i order a 25 ' line set ( 1 4 '' 1 2 '' ) instead of 16 ' line set that comes with the installation kit ? 
what do the various btu 's support room size ? we have a 15x15 room . 
can i more the outside unit around after its set up ? does it have to remain up right always ? for ex can i move outside unit to another location later ? 
i received the wyb012alfi19rl system today , minor dents to radiator ... will this effect performance ? 
how many amps does it require when running ? 
where is the pioneer ductless airconditioner manufactured ? 
who and where is service available for this brand and type of a c ? what is the availability of parts ? where is a list of warranty service providers ? 
ampacity requirement of 18000 btu unit . 
does the unit have a backup heat strip 
what is the difference between the one that says `` inverter '' and thew one that is not ? ? ? ? 
does it come precharged ? 
is it quiet ? 
do you get one aqua rug for this price , or two as included in the offer on tv ? 
how do you clean an aqua rug 
how do you clean aqua rug when backing gets yucky ? 
does the carton say `` found to cause cancer in california . `` ? 
is this item 17x291 2 as indicated on the box or the dimensions indicated in the description ? 
what is the size of the carpet ? ? ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what size is it 
is it machine washable ? 
washing instructions for aqua rug ? 
i have 2 of the pioneer 12k btu now and am very happy with them in my cottages . why the big price difference between the 24k btu and the 36k btu ? 
can i wire a thermostat into this unit ? also can this unit be set for a certin temp . and will it switch from heat to cool by it self ? 
can the led display be turned off ? are the display lights always on ? i 'd like to run this ac in pitch dark when i 'm sleeping w o any leds shining . 
the picture says 19 seer rating but the description says 14.5 seer which is it ? 
any suggestions on what adapter you need for a 1 4 hose for the service port ? the 1 4 `` gauge hose is male and so is the 5 16 sae service port . i bought http : www.amazon.com gp product b00d ... and it is n't even close to the right thing , 
what is the size of the service port opening ? 
what is the service port opening size ? i am going to vacuum the unit myself , just want to make sure i have the right size hoses on hand . thanks 
are the installation lines `` quick connect '' type or standard ? if quick connect , what is the drop in btus ? last question- does the unit come pre-charged with refrigerant ? 
for the pioneer 36,000btu model , does the price of $ 2,198 include the heads or outlets ? 2 ) if so , how many , and if not , what are the compatible pioneer heads and outlets and their prices ? 3 ) what is the guarantee period for the compressor and for the ... 
why the fan never stop when set up to auto ? 
what are the diminsions 
do you think that this could be sturdy enough to be a tv stand ? 
hi . i am looking to get a couple of these to put side-by-side . are the sides of this bookcase flush ? also , what 's the actual width ? 
is it solid wood with no formaldehyde 
is the back finished wood ? 
i have a lot of heavy text books . will this book case hold up ? i 'm planning to order 2 of them . 
i am consiudering using this bookshelf to put my 50 lb guitar amplifier on top of , not sure if it can handle the weight ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
item number ? 
i 'm thinking of using two of these as legs for my desk . i 'm wondering if they will support my desk top and a hutch that are pretty heavy . 
what are the dimensions ? 
how does the back hold up ? is it cheap cardboard ? 
i 'd like to use this for my piano music ; the books are each about 12 '' , maybe a tiny bit more . does anyone know if these would fit on each shelf ? 
i was thinking of using this for some storage bins that are about 11 inches cubed . does anyone have experience with using these for storage bins ? 
what are the dimensions 
please describe the wood color , light medium dark ? oak wood grain ? would it be ok in a room with oak bookcases ? 
can i stack one on top of another ? 
what is the total weight limit for each shelf . i have a set of heavy books i want to store . 
what are the materials used to make the bookcase ? 
i see they are adjustable , but is it tall enough for standard 3-ring binders to sit on each shelf ? 
what are the dimensions on the piece ? 
what are the dimensions of the individual sections 
how much weight can the hanging rack hold ? 
is the back finished ? 
do you have other color ? 
i know its oakland finish but is there an option to get in black matte ? 
how big is it ? 
is this made of particle board 
what 's the width of the hanging section ? 
does the wardrobe require complete assembly like ikea furniture ? does it come partially assembled ? 
from the photo it looks as if the wood panels are n't flush flat - are they uneven ? also , can you tell me if the wood is finished ? 
can this table be stained to a darker tint ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the accuracy tolerance of the scales and what size calibration weight does it require ? 
looks a little big in the case . what are the actual dimensions ? 
does this item come with batteries included ? 
how many oz ml does each container hold ? 
what is the diameter of each tin ? 
how do the lids go on and off ? do they twist or just snap on ? 
how tall are the bottles ? 
is there a space to label the tins ? 
do labels come with them ? 
what colors did you end up getting ? 
are these things airtight ? 
description says 12 and title says 6. how many tins in the package ? 
are the lids magnetic too ( aka can you stack them on top of each other and will they stick together ) ? 
how much does this processor weigh ? 
can you make bread dough and pie crust ? 
can you make peanut butter with it ? 
according to the product description , the motor on this is 1hp . however , one of the reviews claims that it '' s only 3 4. which is correct ? 
is this machine has enough power to knead the dough ? 
is the `` s '' blade stainless steel serrated ? 
is the processing bowl bpa-free ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the difference heat surge mini mate , and a heat surge mini glo . 
is it economical electricity-wise 
mine is new . 2 '' plastic pull cord on back . should it be removed ? 
does anyone else have issues with it tripping the breakers ? i 've had this happen in three different rooms i 've plugged it into the wall in . 
has anyone used this item long enough to know if it increases your electric bill significantly ? 
is there a remote control you make for this heater ? 
how much will it cost to run a month 
does it have a fan to force the heat out ? 
what is the difference heat surge mini mate , and a heat surge mini glo . 
will these bags work with the foodsaver ? 
can the bags be reused ? and how many times can they be reused ? 
just opened mine . realize hey do n't work with the hand pump that is designed for the quart bags . how do they work ? 
do the bags work with the hand pump or not ? 
is this a package with 13 boxes of 13 bags each ? 
8 inches by 20 what inches or foot for ziploc vacuum sealer bag rolls 
can you recycle ( not reuse ) the bags once they 're empty ? 
how do you `` customize '' these when they are in a roll ? 
can you use the 3 mil poly nylon vacuum bags with this or do you have to use the ziploc brand ? 
can you reuse the bags ? i hate wasting so much plastic . 
what are the dimensions of the sealer unit ? 
can you advise the voltage setting of the vacuum sealer ? 
what accessories can i use with the hose ? i ca n't seem to find any for the ziploc brand . 
what voltage is used by this device is only 110 or 110 220 ? 
i 'm having issues with the unit not latching properly , as mentioned by others . does anyone have a `` trick '' for addressing this issue ? 
can you use this machine the vacuum seal bags that ziploc sells ? 
is it made in china ? 
can i use the foodsaver bags that i currrently have lots of on this product . they are like a 5 or 6 mil plastic 
how much space is between the two bunks ? could a child sit on the lower bunk ? 
how sturdy is this bunk bed i have a 4 and 5 year old 
what size of twin mattress is best 6 or 8 inches ? 
do you sell ths stairs separately 
can the beds be separated into two twins ? 
do i need to get 3 twin size mattresses for this bed ? 
it is unfair to say whatever is standard ... to the question of mattress size , for their is limited space for the trundle . what maximum height mattress ? 
is there a weight limit for the top and or bottom bunk ? 
is the trundle included ? do the stairs have drawers that pull out or just doors that open ? 
does this bunk bed require separate bunkie board or are they included ? 
is there a filter at the spout to stop scale from getting into your cup ? 
what is the least amount of liquid needed for save operation ? can i heat just 6 ounces ? 
where is it made ? 
is the heating element exposed ? 
how long have people had their royal tea kettles ? i had an electric kettle that just stopped working after & lt ; 1 month and want to get a reliable one ! 
was this tea kettle made in china ? ? 
are there exposed coils in the bottom of the kettle ? 
is it cool to the touch after it heats ? 
is is noisy heating the water 
is this battery powered ? 
what are the dimensions of this kettle ? thanks ! 
how long does the water stay hot after the pot turns itself off ? and what is exactly 1.2 liters in terms of cups ? 
is the red button on the black base a light ? does the light stay on when it is plugged in or only when the kettle is actually on to boil water ? 
how many watts is it ? thank you 
why not use for a child under 3 yrs of age 
what height mattress would this fit ? i am buying my daughter a full size bed but the heights range from 9 '' to 12 '' 
my daughter has the comforter is this set just the sheets cause she doesnt need the comforter 
does the top sheet shows minnie mouse or only in the comforter ? 
is it alright to dry these towels in the dryer ? 
are the towels warm when wrapped around your body ? 
are they cotton loop on the inside ? 
so are these 100 % cotton , or are they 60 % rayon 40 % ? 
could this be used like a pashmina wrap also ? 
how large is this towel ? is it more square like a picnic blanket per the dimensions ? 9.1 x 9.4 x 1.2 inches 
where are these made ? 
how do you care for these towels ? 
has anyone used this as a yoga blanket ? i 'm looking something to help support me during meditation and hatha yoga . 
where are these towels made ? 
are these towels 100 % cotton or cotton 60 % rayon 40 % ? the amazon info has both specs . thx 
can you put them in the dryer ? 
can you combine shipping or is it $ 8.50 for each towel ? 
has anyone used this as a yoga blanket ? i 'm looking something to help support me during meditation and hatha yoga . 
i know these are 100 % cotton and made in turkey , but are they made of turkish cotton ? 
dimensions ? 
do you have to assemble this your self ? 
what are the legs made of ? 
is it firm ? 
are the cushions reversible , uphostered with the same fabric on both sides ? 
how much does it weight 
i 'm wondering how this item is almost $ 40 cheaper the day after i ordered it . 
yes , we just opened the box and are looking for better directions . is the one paper with a diagram the only directions we 'll find ? 
is the cover removable and washable ? if so , dry wash or machine wash ? 
what is the weight capacity for this loveseat 
how many quarts is the largest bowl ? 
does anyone know the sizes of each of these bowls ? 
hi ! i need to know the dimensions of these bowls - are they about 6 in high , for example , or 14 inches across , etc ? best guesstimate will do . thanks ! 
hi - what is the height of the finished heel ? thanks , 
what all comes with this or is it just the heel mode 
does it contain the styoform plarform 
i know it say just the heel . does that mean there is no paper work or the drying board ? 
what is the warranty on the dash chef blender ? 
how does this blender do with nut butters or similar ? 
is this model the same one sold on qvc & amp ; hsn ? does is that the 2.2 hp motor and 1400 watts ? 
does this blender make ice cream ? 
how does this machine handle leafy greens like kale ? is it able to really blend them into a smoothie consistency ? 
how is this at fully incorporating ice into frozen drinks like margarita 's or coffee coolatas ? does the ice separate or remain infused in the mixture ? 
does this blender come with tehe factory 7 yr warranty ? 
i 'm trying to make 'cream ' dressings from cashews . my ninja 1200 leaves it gritty . vitamix and blendtec will do the job , what about dash ? . 
how loud is this blender ? i am looking for a quieter option to replace my oster . 
does this blender cook the vegetables when you make soup . 
what are the heights of each canister ? 
are these screw on tops ? 
how much spaghetti does the tall canister hold ? 
what is the opening size on the canisters ? 
do these rust ? 
also want to know the thickness of the shelf this will clip on to ... my shelves are 1 1 2 inches thick . 
how tall are the dividers ? 
my shelf is 3 4 '' thick . will this divider work ? 
can anyone tell me if these would fit at 1 1 4 inches . 
can this product be used on a wire closet rack ? 
what size wooden shelf does this fit ? 
description does not say the thickness of the shelf that this will clip on to . 
how wide and deep is this shelf 
in plain english please , what is the width , lenth and height . thanks . 
how deep is this stand ? is in really 9.5 as advertised ? i need a small depth for my desk . 
what is the width `` opening size '' between the `` front legs '' ? my steelseries keyboard is 21 5 8 '' wide , so it must be larger than that . 
what is the horizontal width betweeen the legs . i want to find out if my laptop can be fit under the stand . 
will this hold my 27 '' imac safely ? 
is this easy to assemble ? i am a complete klutz . 
what is the surface texture on the bottom of the legs ? i want to put this on my tempered glass desk , and need good grip . 
why do the product dimensions say 25.8 x 11.3 x 1.9 inches , but i see people 's responses as saying the height is actually 3 1 4 ? ? 
the specs on the amazon web site show a height of 1.9 '' . the answers below talk about three inches . which is correct ? i need 2.2 inches . 
does this really weigh 9 pounds ? 
is this chair for adults or for children ? 
is the leather ( pleather ) black or brown ? 
what size shipping box does this chair come in 
what are the sizes ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
can you use this product with induction heat ? 
what country is this made in ? and is this ptfe & amp ; pfoa & amp ; cadmium free ? 
will this set withstand 400.f in the oven ? 
what temp . do this cookware take in the oven ? are they light weight ? 
hi my fridge is slightly curved , should the chalkboard fit or it 's too rigid ? 
can you use regular chalk with this ? 
does this come with magnets , or do you need to buy separately ? 
what are the dimensions please ? 
is the pen magnetic too ? i need the pen to be right next to the board or it wo n't get used 
what is the power of the motor 450 or 600. ? 
broke the jar . may i know replacement part # for glass jar ? 
is this blender used instead of indian sumeet mixy , which works to make ginger , onion , and spices pastes and tomakecococut crash 
buttons do n't turn blender on . do n't have manual . is there a combination of buttons to push ? 
what is the part number for the rubber gasket ring ? 
my sofa sleeper queen mattress is more standard size of 60 '' wide by 72 '' long and 4 '' high . is this cover actually only 54 '' wide as description states ? 
does this cover fit standard queen size mattress . 
can you leave this on the mattress when you put it back in the sofa ? 
what material is this made of ? cotton ? 
do they have a ready mix as well as the recipies ? 
how many cookies will it make at a time ? how long is the bake time ? 
where can i get the mixes ? 
does it come with a treat cook book 
are the treats crunchy ? 
are they leak proof ? 
any tips on how to clean the inner rim ? i get cake batter in it and it becomes a pain to clean . -_- 
are the bottoms removeable ? 
where is this product made ? thanks . 
what size cake does it make ? 
what is the exact dimensions of this pan ? considering that this is round , the product details should have at least two same numbers . 
can i simpley make my ( regular sized ) cheese cake recipe and expect it to fit in these 3 minis or would i need more ? 
are the pans dishwasher safe ? thanks ! 
can you make tuna tartar and use the mold to shape the dish ? 
i have a torta caprese recipe for 10 inch pan ( bake time is 50 mins ) . how would adjust the bake time for these 4 inch pans ? thanks ! 
i dont have a window to open but i can put this in front of the ac window unit which doesnt do the job at all . would that be enough circulating air for this to work . tuvm . 
is this good for humidity 90 in ct . 
i just need this as a humidifier is it a pump system that pumps the water or a wicking system ? 
i am looking for a swamp cooler with a pump and not a wicking system due to our water we have is this a pump system and are there different models ? 
how many watts does this unit use ? ? 
i want to use on an outdoor deck that is pretty much open but is covered ... ..deck is attached and is in the sun all day ... will this unit help cool ? 
what is the main difference between a swamp cooler and the kuulaire ? 
is it made in texas or china ? 
can someone describe the evaporative pad ? does it use honeycomb pads ? 
what does `` reactive '' in the description mean ? thanks . 
do they chip easily ? 
how big , what is the capacity of the cups , is it 12 0z ? 
can you tell me what country they are made in ? 
are these oven safe as well ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
is the design raised or smooth ? 
are these microwaveable ? 
can i travel with these ? 
what is the size in inches of the largest box ? 
sizes of hat boxes 
when all the boxes are stacked , how high do they stand ? 
is it large enough to hold large hats ? 
do you just fill one half of the mold ? also , can someone provide a typical recipe for a cake pop . thanks ! 
the pictures show the sticks through the small hole . do you bake them with the stick in ? 
are these bpa free ? i only ask since i see another listed on amazon as bpa free . 
can you use this to make hard candy 
what size ate these sticks ? 4inches ? 
what temperature do i use to bake the cake pops 
would this work to make tiny corn dogs ? maybe filling 3 4 of cavity with batter , put very small sauges , top with a bit of batter , then bake ? 
so with this tray i can put in the oven and everything will be fine ? ? like it wont burn or anything ? ? ? 
what is the diameter of a single cavity ? 
can i use this for candy pops ? 
what are the dimensions of a queen size mattress ? just want to make sure it would fit and be suitable for a camper mattress . 
is it foldable mattress ? what i mean to say is can i pack it if i dont want to use it . does it come with a zipper pack ? 
what is the density per cubic foot ? 
do your sheets fit over this topper ? 
is there any warranty on the product ? 
can this be folded or rolled up when not in use ? ( thinking of it for a camper trailer . ) how small ? 
on which side do i put it on the bed ? the blue or the other side ? 
can this topper be cut to a smaller size ? 
can this be used on top of a sleeper sofa and folded ? 
does it smell when it first comes of the packaging ? 
does this topper sleep warm ? also does it really help with morning body aches and pains . i 've been waking up with since getting a new mattress.thanks 
can the twin fit on a plain sofa that 's not a sofabed 
we have xl twin mattresses- will this fit ? 
is bamboo cover on when comes out of box 
where is this made in ? 
can this topper be used by it self as a mattress for and rv ? 
can the gel leak ? if i use this on a hard surface under another topper , do i need to worry about it getting a hole in it ? 
does anyone know if this product is green ? or does it contain checmicals ? 
how big is the king size shipping box , is it possible to fold this topper in half before rolling it ? i need to know if it will fit for checked baggage 
how big is it shipped ? rolled ? queen size 
what are the shipping dimensions for this ? 
in what country is this mattress topper made ? 
will the topper stay in place using an adjustable bed frame 
want to use this in my camper , does it harden in the cold ? 
do you sell the ultra soft removable bamboo cover with non-slip bottom queen 78 '' x58 '' x2 '' seperatly ? i 'd like to buy that only . 
i would like to buy this . do you ship to canada ? if not , do you have a distributor in canada ? 
what about 1.5 liter bottles ? 
where is it made ? u.s. ? china ? thanks . 
will this hold the fatter bottles ? ? yes , syrah type bottles 
how can we tell the exact color ? 
what is the seat width ( inside the arms ) ? 
what type of fabric is it ? is it a microfiber ? thanks 
does it come in different colors 
does the chair come fully assembled ? 
what is the fabric made of ? 
what are the measurements of this chair ? 
does it work 220v ? does it heat from all sides or only from underneath ? 
can it be used for canning vegtables 
does this also have the slow cooker feature like a crock pot 
what are the psi for high pressure setting for this unit ? 
is this product korean or janpan 
does the mr. chef cooker also have a browning feature ? i am also interested in other previous questions 
what size of sealing gasket does it use ? and where can i buy extra tank ? 
what is mean : operating pressure time:0~30 minutes ? 
are these bags bpa free ? 
are these commercial grade like some of the weston say . it does n't say these are ? ? 
are the weston bags made in the usa ? or china ? 
will these rolls work in a foodsaver vacuum unit ? 
will these work in a ziplock v102 vacuum sealer ? 
are these for a reg seal a meal ? 
are these bags reusable 
what is the shipping weight of 4 weston rolls ? 
how deep is it ? 
is it 6 inches across the top from inside rim to rim or 6 inches across the bottom of the plate ? 
how do you modify the standard pie recipe to fit this size plate ? is it about half ? 
is this made in the usa ? hope so , i 'd love to get several for pot pies . thanks ! 
how deep is this pan ? 
what is the warranty on this refurbished unit ? 
return policy 
does it tell you the level of humidity in the room ? 
how wide is the entire unit completely assembled ? 
can you change the orientation ? ie put the shelves on the other side of the desk ? 
could this hold a 27 '' imac ? 
is it sturdy and strong enough to hold a desk top not a laptop ? 
how far out does the bottom shelf come out from the wall ? 
how high is typing table part ? 
can you adjust the shelfs ? 
the description says `` individual dimensions 72 '' ( h ) x 29.5 '' ( w ) '' so does that mean between the two pieces width is 59 '' ? how deep are the shelves ? 
does it ship in one or two boxes , and is it two or one unit ? 
how much heavy is the computer desk office ? i am not from u.s and i want to know how much the shipping will be . 
what are euro shams ? 
does the pattern on the comforter goes all the way up to the top ? 
which pillows does this come with ? 
does the pattern is on the right side on the comforter , looking from the bottom of the bed or is it on the left side ? 
does the pattern go on both sides of the comforter ? is the comforter double sided ? 
is the pattern printed or is it embroidery ? is there a texture ? 
if i order this today how long will it take for me to get it ? i just do n't want it to take a month you know . thank you 
what is the country of origin of this comforter set . where was it made ? 
what is the weight of the comforter ? would it be too thick for the summer ? 
are these water tight ? looking for something that wont allow liquid to spill if tipped over in my work bag . is there an internal gasket ? 
are there lids for wide mouth jars 
does anyone know what metal these are made from ? 
will these fit 12 oz regular mouth mason jars ? 
are these meant for regular or wide mouth jars ? 
where are these made ? 
are they fit with this ? http : www.amazon.com gp product b000 ... 
are these lids heat proof oven proof ? if i baked something in my mason jars , could i screw these on right away ? 
daily capacity ? i own a small hotel with a restaurant and do n't want to spend $ 26k on a larger commercial system since i do n't think we need it ... 
cooler 
what 's the voltage for this product ? can i get one with 220v ? 
do you ship to china ? if so , how much shopping will you charge ? 
was it everything you wanted . was it worth the price all said and done 
does this machine have a factory warranty ? 
does this product include the jura cool control milk cooper ? 
which water filter fits this machine ? 
my mesh filters measure 16x12-7 16x3 8. i need two for my honeywell air cleaner f50f . do these come actually as 2 per pkg . and how good are they ? 
i 've just noticed there seems to be two clips on the ends that mine do not have . is this right ? 
i got honeywell f300a~~~ 12.5 x 16 x 3 8 '' , will this fit ? 
are 1 or 2 pre filters per package ? 
what are the interior measurements ? ( i 've noticed some trunks are several inches smaller on the inside ) 
can it fit in a small car like a nissan 
can this be locked ? ( do you actually own this and have you used a padlock on it ? ) 
are these stackable ? 
are these stackable ? i 'd like to keep several stacked in an office , but do n't want them to slide off . is this a good option ? 
is it good for outdoor use such as camping ? 
does the design keep rain out ? 
does the steel blade come off for cleaning ? 
can anyon esend a copy of the manual please so i can clean it properly thanks 
i recent got a juicer and it came with an extra plastic part that is not listed i. the operations manual ? 
how noisy is this juicer ? can the moveable parts be washed in the dishwasher ? 
i purchased this juice extractor but it came without a manual . can someone please scan theirs and post ? 
does this juicer puree all fruits and vegetables 
is this juice extractor easy to clean ? 
i am looking for towels for vintage hand embroidery . will these towels work ? thank you . 
would love to have clean white towels in the kitchen-how do you keep them nice and white ? 
are the towels 100 % cotton or cotton and ? thank you in advance . 
i want to know why everyone keeps saying that these towels are 100 % cotton ! ! ! it plainly states that they are a cotton blended yarn ! ! 
would like to iron on a design for a gift do you think the thread count is good for this type of application ? thanks 
are these towels fairly square ? i have bought other flour sack towels and find they do n't hang straight and are not close to square . 
are these towels suitable for painting with fabric paint ( want to make my own designs ) ? 
it looks like there is a blue thread border ... is this just the photo line or are the towels completely white ? 
what is the thread count of these towels ? are they comparable to at least 130 thread per inch ? 
i normally use my flour sack towels for straining nut milks . can these be used for that ( like cheesecloth ) ? 
would they be okay to use for perfume transfer ( with an alcohol content ) ? 
are these small enough to use on doterra essential oils sample bottles with reducer ? does anyone have another idea ? 
i need a funnel to pass powdered material through , for making capsules , what is the size of the stem , can powder go through it ? 
are they copper as they appear , or plated steel . need non sparking material 
is the diameter of the funnel stem less than 1 4 '' ? 
are they copper ? or what material ? 
are these funnels small enough to fill a mascara tube ? 
what metal are they actually made out of ? is it pure metal , or is it plated covered in something else ? 
are they all the same size ? would one fit a small bottle like a tobasco sized bottle ? 
what is the outside diameter of the funnel stem . i need to know how small an opening it will fit . thanks . 
is this air brushed ? 
are the blues more teal ? my wall is white with dark teal wainscotte . will this work or will it clash ? 
how much do each panel weigh ? do we need to find stud in the wall to hang each of them ? 
can these be hung vertically as well ? 
what colors are in the picture 
i want the same design and color in 36 x 79 the bigger size . i could n't find it on amazon . do you have a bigger size in this design ? 
how long after your initial order did you receive this piece ? 
can this be hung outside in my garden fully exposed to weather ? 
what size are the individual panels ? 
besides the blue and greens , what are the other colors ? is the dark black or brown ? 
since soy is bad for thyroid problems how would one use this machine for rice milk ? would i need to purchase a different straining method.. i have ordered the product , but have been looking for information for rice milk . i 've made it before , and it is ... 
is the filter-less `` quality '' a disadvantage ? can you make tofu with this machine ? how ? thanks ! 
what is the difference between using this machine and using a blendtec or vitamix to make almond milk ? 
can you make almond milk in this too ? 
can you make coconut milk with this product ? 
i want to use this to make almond milk . when i press the raw grain button how long does it run for ? 
will i save money by making my own soy milk , almond milk , and or rice milk with the soyajoy g4 versus buying ready-made soy almond rice milk ? 
is it worth purchasing if just want to make almond milk ? 
where is this made from ? 
what was the reasoning behind choosing this vs the soyapower ? trying to make my own decision , and only difference seems to be size + insulation 
what size table cloth would i use for this to cover the table down to the floor ? 
what size tablecloth covers to floor ? 70 '' round ? 
diameter and height 
is it 30 ' round ? 
how tall is this table ? 
what is the diameter of the top ? how high is it ? 
what size round table cloth do you get for this accent table ? 70 in seems too big 
decorative round table - what size tablecloth should i buy so that it covers to the floor 
what is the diameter of one of these tables ? 
what is the diameter of the table top ? 
is this color a bright yellow or a more subtle yellow ? 
i have looked at several of your tea for one sets , but none of them tell how many ounces the tea pot or cup hold . you are losing sales due to lack of 
is this set microwave and dishwasher safe ? how many ounces does the teapot hold and how many ounces does the cup hold ? 
does the fabric liner keep water from leaking thru like the plastic liners when keeping the liner in the tub during showering ? 
i have 2 sets of these at home , my question is do this mildew and mold up after a few months ? both of mine have , its ridiculous for the price to mold . 
are the fabric and plastic liners interchangeable for the curtains with a window and snap in liner option ? 
when they say 70 x 54 size , is the 54 the length of the liner ? 
does anyone know where i could get the top part of this liner ? i bought this and it only included the bottom . 
i 've read thru all these q 's , but am still confused ! is this the outside and inside liners ? or just the inside ? ? ? 
do these liners have weights to keep the liner from blowing inward into the shower during use ? 
is this just the snap in part or the hookless part as well ? 
as it is called the transparent part to buy . 
do you put the fabric liner inside the tub , or does it hang outside ? 
are you able to see out of the top of shower curtain 
where is the 74-inch length measured from ? does it include the grommets & amp ; the material above the grommet ? or is it measure from below the grommets ? 
is this curtain wide enough for curved shower curtain rods ? 
i have one of these curtains and i love the design however the liner billows around me when i take a shower , it needs some magnets at the bottom of the liner to hold it in place . has anyone else had this problem and if so how did you solve it ? 
does this shower curtain come with the liner , or do i have to order the liner separately ? 
is it washable ? 
are there any fabric snap in liners for these curtains ? 
does the water come through the mesh top ? also , i see the liner does n't have magnets , how bad is it not sticking to the inside of the tub ? 
how wide is this one ? 
confirming this item is 74 '' long ? 
do they have deep pockets ? 
do these sheets need to be ironed after washings ? 
are these the smooth and crisp sheets like grandma 's ? i do n't mind wrinkles or stiffness , but no pilling ! just want some smooth cool crisp sheets . 
please provide exact depth measurement . i need at least 18 inches . 
i have pillowtop mattress . does anyone have the exact depth of the pockets [ not how far the top sheet hangs down ] ? was it on the packaging label ? 
can you use hot water and bleach when washing these sheets ? 
imported from where ? 
do they have deep pockets for thicker mattresses ? 
what kind of cotton is in these sheets ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it a dark wood as the picture illustrates ? 
can this be used with an open bottom section ? without the x ? 
what are the dimensions of the glass rack section ? we have tall wine glasses and need to make sure they will fit . 
what are the dimensions of the drawer ? 
would this look hold okay with liquor bottles on top ? 
does it come assembled ? 
is it made from particleboard ? 
what are the dimensions of the glass rack section ? we have tall wine glasses and need to make sure they will fit . 
is this black ? 
how wide the wine bottle holes ? does the big wine bottle , fits through the hole ? 
i dont see the glass rack , just want to make sure it comes with it . does it ? 
does it come already assembled ? 
does this cabinet come in white or cream 
would this look hold okay with liquor bottles on top ? 
what are the measurments ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
why is this $ 70 ? you can purchase 1 small cup , 1 tall cup and a new extraction blade for $ 20 ... . 
does this fit the 600 watt nutribullet magic bullet version that is just over 4 '' in diameter 
does this fit the bl450 900 watt pro ? 
can it be used with the ninjua professional blender ? 
how many ouces is the tall cup ? short cup ? 
i bought this item not too long ago and the blade came with no rubber seal inside which renders the part useless . can anyone help me obtain a seal ? 
does the blade unit include a gasket or do i need to buy it separately ? 
does the cross extraction blade come with a side `` warning '' sticker plastered to it . 
how many ounces are the tall and short cups ? 
does the magic bullet cross blades fit the nutribullet cups 
what 's the shipping cost ? 
is this a textile poster or a normal paper print poster ? 
is he smokin a doobie or a cig in the pic . 
is it blurry like in the picture when you get it ? 
what are the dimensions of the poster ? 
what color is it ? ? 
where does it open to put water ? 
how do you put the water in ? 
is this powerful enough to clean , as well as do wrinkles ? i 'd like a hand-held to steam counters , kill bed bugs , etc.. 
how do you use this ? i have burned fingers , damp clothes and silky blouse stays wrinkled ! i end up ironing 
what is the capacity of the bowl ? 1 8 teaspoon ? 
what is the length of the spoons ? 
is the front and back of the spoon one smooth piece , or is the back of the handle not smooth ? 
what ismeasurement of spoon ? 
what is the length of the spoon ? 
how much do they hold , ie . a half teaspoon ? 
how long are these spoons ? 
is there an extended warranty for this product ? my last keurig died after two months . 
can u use kcups with v600 
is anyone having an issue with a plastic , or chemical taste in brewed beverages from this machine ? 
can v-cups be brewed less strong with this unit ? certain family member wants a weaker cup o ' jo ... 
where can i purchase the vue packs 
did anyone have problems with the water level indicator ? mine seems to need more water even when there is plenty of water in the tank . 
can you use your own ground coffee in this keurig ? 
does the full price unit come with manufacturer 's warranty 
is there anyone out there that knows of a keurig that is no more than 17 '' tall with the lid open . my cabinets are exactly 17 '' from the counter 
how do you bake the cupcakes in this when the bottom is hollow . do u still ise paper muffin cups and set the pan on a cookie sheet ? 
is this for regular sizes cupcakes and is the top high enough to accommodate frosting ? how secure are the latches and how strong is the handle 
how do you bake the cupcakes in this when the bottom is hollow . do u still ise paper muffin cups and set the pan on a cookie sheet ? 
do the coils all bunch up ? 
where is this made . i am concerned about the chemical smell which one reviewer mentioned . 
does it have auto off ? 
what is the size of the cookwell ? 
can you remove the hinged lid from the cookwell or does it connect permanently . thanks 
does this have a self-basting feature or is it necessary to baste turkey periodically ? also , can you use a cooking bag inside this roaster ? 
has anyone used this oven outside at a campground for more than a few months ? concerned about it being exposed to high humid areas for long periods f 
is the tempeture dial accurate 
can i use a pan liner to help with clean up ? 
what is the largest size turkey that can be cooked in this cooker 
i would like to buy this and use it for roasting browning knuckle and marrow bones for broth . would this work and what would be the procedure ? thanks 
is this nsf approved ? 
can you do coffee beans in this ? 
interior pot is made of tafflon coated aluminum pot ? 
what is the interior pot made of ? 
the capacity is 23 cups of 6oz of rice each ? 
do the racks nest inside each other for compact storage ? 
do you have deep food inserts available ? 
how many chafer dish 's and stands do you get 
does the stand able to fold it for storage ? 
this is an awfully low price , are these any good or are they flimsy ? 
is each of the 4 dishes 8qt capacity or total of all 4 the 8qt 
does it have metal brackets to hold the lid open ? 
is the stand included ? 
how many sets do you have ? i may need 8 so two sets 
is set 
is it electric 
can i carry soup in car without it spilling 
is this just a warmer or is it a cooker also and is it electric ? 
how much it weights ? 
what kind of a control does it have . how hot does it go 
does it operate on 110 power ? what wattage does it draw ? thanks elaine 
can you buy a regular outlet plug for this ? 
the volt is 110-220 ? ? 
does this expresso maker work with the cigarette lighter in the automobiles ? 
will it fit 17 inch deep mattress ? 
despite not being actual egyptian cotton , how are they for the price ? very soft ? 
what are the dimensions for the pillow cases ? 
i have a california queen matress and is very thick . will these sheets work ? 
there is no way to select a color . why ? 
how much cotton do they contain ? 
does this set actually come with 4 pillowcases ? i see at the top of the page that is comes with 2 but later in the description it says 4 pillowcases . 
i want affordable warm sheets for a queensize bed which is 12inches thick , what do you suggest for me , i like thicker sheets that are good quaility,100 % cotton unless u have other suggestions , thx , darryl 
what size fitted sheet will fit , 12 '' full size memory foam mattress , should i buy queen sized ? 
how is 100 % polyester measured as 1500 thread count ? 
how do you change the charcoal filter 
what number filter does this take ? 
what is the advantage of having a container with a filter ? 
fruit flies 
is this more of a shiny stainless or a brushed stainless ? 
one reviewer stated the item is not entirely made of stainless steel . claims the bottom is not stainless steel . is this correct ? 
how many people had a problem with it attracting fruit flies ? 
will the scraps actually compost in this or must they be moved to a regular compost bin ? 
is it air tight ? do n't want bugs to get in . i 'd rather that than a filter . 
anyone using this w bokashi composting , is it large enough to hold volume equal to 3 '' in the bokashi bucket ( so i am not opening same too often ) ? thx ! 
this is not truly cotton is it ? 
is there any duvet set that fits for these sheets ? king size ... 
are these sheets truly 1500 thread count ? 
there are 2 king options and yet i ca n't click on one or the other . i want the cal . model and i do n't know what you sent me . how can i find out ? 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
what is the ply for these sheets 1 or 2 ? 
i searched all over i could not find comparable synthetic fiber sheets like these for more than $ 39.95 ... where are the $ 39.95 sheet sets sold ? 
i searched all over i could not find comparable synthetic fiber sheets like these for more than $ 39.95 ... where are the $ 99.95 sheet sets sold ? 
one review said that it did not stay on the handle , i guess the velcro came undone . has anyone else had that problem ? 
what are the exact dimensions of the wrap when opened out flat ? 
inside is theree a pocket to insert a card with your contact info on it ? 
would it hurt the fabric if i put a small safety pin on the back to ensure that the velcro stuck and it stayed on your handle ? 
do they wrap around tight enough to use on the the handle of a wheelie pull up handle ? 
what 's the width and length ? 
would these fit around a stroller a handle ? i need something that will make my daughter 's stroller stand out . 
where are these pots made ? 
what is the weight of the pan with the id ? i am looking for something lightweight for travel purposes to work with my portable induction stove . 
how well does this work with induction ? 
are these pots oven safe ? 
glasstop 
does this product come with line set ? 
how big a room will this cool ? 
was this unit precharged with coolant ? 
115v ac ? 
does this unit include all of the hardware and copper line set ? 
does this include line set ? 
i am really interested in this desk , but my primary use for it will be doing my homework . i found a desk with a similar black oak construction , but it felt bumpy and i feel like it might be harder to write on . my question is , is this desk smooth or is ... 
what tools are required for assembly ? 
is it possible to remove ( or leave out ) the desktop shelves ? 
what is the lengthe and width of the desk 
do you feel like the desktop is deep enough to have your flat screen monitor ( small to average size ) and a keyboard both on ? 
is oak the description of the finish or is the desk actually made of oak ? 
could you attach a monitor arm to the desk ? ( clamp style ) i ca n't tell if there are boards on the back side of the desk that would prevent it . 
is it already assembled ? 
how wide is this desk ? 
would it be possible to have the hutch mirrored to the other side ? 
how quiet is this fan ? does it make vibration noice when sitting on a desk ? is the airspeed adjustable ? 
how long should you charge the battery prior to first use ? 
does it do a good job up a shirt or a sleeve ? i 'd like to use this while walking around in an australian summer . 
is the battery a standard 3.7 volt lithium ion ? i am looking to get additional batteries to keep with me at the job site 
my fan came with two shiny stick things with rubber tips and a plastic piece attached . one is gold and one is silver . what are they for ? 
i just received the fan , but the battery was not included : o ( i thought it would be . is this correct 
what does this include ? listing didnt specify . i 'm hoping the fan comes with the battery and usb cord . 
why are your reviews word for word the same as the strade battery operated fan listed for $ 17.20 ? 
how long does it last when fully charged ? 
what size ? 
does this come with a remote ? 
what does the ionizer means ? what does it do ? 
i see that the 2554 has a louvre that 's supposed to enable you to angle the upper part of the blades upward , does the t42900 have that also ? 
pcrush , i am not sure i understand your answer . is the wide oscillation a new feature on the t42900 and optional on the 2554 ? 
what 's difference between model of t42900 and # 2554 ? 
what is the cfm of the t42900 
will it fit 17 inch deep mattress ? 
despite not being actual egyptian cotton , how are they for the price ? very soft ? 
what are the dimensions for the pillow cases ? 
i have a california queen matress and is very thick . will these sheets work ? 
there is no way to select a color . why ? 
how much cotton do they contain ? 
does this set actually come with 4 pillowcases ? i see at the top of the page that is comes with 2 but later in the description it says 4 pillowcases . 
i want affordable warm sheets for a queensize bed which is 12inches thick , what do you suggest for me , i like thicker sheets that are good quaility,100 % cotton unless u have other suggestions , thx , darryl 
what size fitted sheet will fit , 12 '' full size memory foam mattress , should i buy queen sized ? 
how is 100 % polyester measured as 1500 thread count ? 
does this scratch up non-stick coating in pots when used to blend soup ? 
has anyone found a safe technique to clean the top of the hand blade ? it is quite sharp and the blade 's top does not seem to clean thoroughly . tx ! 
had anyone used this for mashed potatoes ? if so , how did they turn out ? i have tried twice and they turn out gooey . am i doing something wrong ' 
i had the cuisinart csb-77 and loved it until frozen cherries stripped out the plastic part everyone talked about . can the csb-79 handle frozen fruit ? 
can it chop ice ? 
how long is the cord and do you feel the length of the cord is good ? 
is this item cordless ? if so , is it battery operated or is it rechargeable ? thanks for your help . 
are parts twist on or snap in 
where is it made ? is it made in the usa ? 
is the body steel ? 
if i wanted to use this stand for a 65 '' tv weighing 90lb , is it going to be easy or to occasionally move the stand closer or farther as needed ? 
how easy to put together - 
anyone else have any problems installing the 3 metal panel attached to the back ? 
do the wheels have a lock on them 
what are the dimensions for the area where the subwoofer sits ? 
will this work with a samsung 75 the distance between the legs is around 58 inches and weight is 75 lb 
does this set ship in 1 box or 2 ? 
is there any way to attach a tv mount to this stand ? 
i do not see any details on the amazon webpage . how tall , wide and deep is this stand ? 
can i use this stand without the casters ? 
what clearance is needed when the lid is raised and does the lid need to be fully raised to extract cooked food ? i have over counter cupboards at 17 '' 
can it cook corndogs and it easy to clean and what type drian for the oil . 
how many watts is this deeper ? 
how many liter 
will it work on 220v 50 hertz power supply 
it looks the electric element comes out , is that true ? 
what 's the oil capacity 
how hot do it get 
how is this for frying boneless & amp ; bone-in chicken breasts ? how easy is it to clean up the oil after frying ? thank you 
is the basket and oil container dishwasher safe ? 
can i use metal utensils on theses ? 
what type of warrenty does this come with ? 
are these pans induction cookware . or can they be used on the nuwave cook top ? 
can i use it on ceramic glass stovetop ? 
is it induction capable ? 
are they dishwasher safe 
i see 17 pieces what is the list of everthing that comes in the set 
is it shipped in the original poackaging ? 
it actualkly removes the outside skin of the pineapple as well ? 
can you use this as just a peeler corer , or does it have to slice it into rings based on how it is used ? 
in what country is this product made ? 
d these secure stackable ? can i place one on top of the other and still put machine on top ? 
is it made of metal or plastic ? 
will it hold the keurig k-cup packs ? 
will this hold travel cups 
does this storage drawer hold the taller travel mug sized vue cups as well as the regular size cups ? 
does the keurig vue fit on top of the stand is it strong enough for the vue to sit on it ? 
does it fit the vue500 ? 
does this have a non skid top where the coffee maker sits ? 
does anyone know why the shipping times are so long ? 
how many of the travel mug size vue cups will this hold ? 
i have heavily textured slate as my kitchen floor . does this machine manage to clean in grooves and valleys of stone ? 
has anyone used this for cleaning an outdoor cedar deck ? is the brush attachment sturdy enough to withstand the rough surface of a deck ? 
how does this steam cleaner work on grout joints ? does it get them clean ? 
does it remove wax build up ? 
how big is the head of the steamer ? i have about 1,500 sf of tile downstairs and am wondering how long it might take to steam ? 
do you have to go super slow when using the machine ? or does it clean in a timely manner ? 
do you need to sweep hardwood floors prior to using this product ? 
can you use a detergent or bleach with this model ? thinking of using it on a trex composite deck . 
does it work for carpet too ? 
how long did this product last , like a couple of years or more ? 
how tall are they and what are the top and bottom diameters ? 
are these screw on lids or just snap ons ? i have a toddler who like to open the lids with his teeth & amp ; was wondering if these will outsmart him . thanks 
is there any way to not get clear ? i want to use these in kids goodie bags and i just know the one who gets clear will complain . 
what type of plastic are they made out of ? acrylic ? polypropylene ? 
can these cups be purchased in a smaller quantity ? 
hello ! are these skinny normal sized straws or the wider kind ( which are good for smoothies ) ? 
what 12 colors do these come in ? 2 of each shown or 12 separate colors ? 
are they freezer safe & amp ; microwaveable ? 
are these top rack dishwasher safe ? 
would these work with a regular straw or is the straw hole too big ? 
has anyone ever used this inside of a piano ? 
pulls moisture out of air into crystals , then heats up the crystals to put the moisture back in the air ? ? so it de-humidifies , then re-humidifies ? ? 
is it used on 220 v 
rv 
what size room is ideal for using the dehumidifier ? 
how do you empty the water tank ? 
does this dehumidifier have a 3 prong cord or 2 prong cord ? would it work in a bedroom 11 ft x 11 ft with high humidity ? 
can you setup a hose 
my bathroom is 280 cubic feet ( 7 ' x 5 ' x 9 ' ) . there is no fan and opening the window is not an option . will this unit dry that space enough to prevent mold ? 
what is the energy consumption ? wattage ? 
the adapter input allows for 110v-240v or just 110v ? 
what are the dimensions roughly ? 
1 person said they could not figure out how to open it to empty.and will it work ok in average size bedroom.ok gets a lot of humidity at times 
do these tips fit on standard couplers ? 
are these large nozzles ? 
is tip # 233 included in this kit ? 
do these include couplers ? 
where does this ship from ? 
does this come with tip 74 ? 
does this include the plastic container for storage ? 
are they large or small tips ? 
are these easy to clean do they rust if you clean them with water ? 
are these thin and easier to bend compared to the ones sold by brand names such as wilton and ateco ? 
how deep are pockets . need for 9 '' mattress 
what is the thread count ? its the law to state the total fiber count ? ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
how deep are pockets . need for 9 '' mattress 
what is the thread count ? its the law to state the total fiber count ? ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
how deep are pockets . need for 9 '' mattress 
what is the thread count ? its the law to state the total fiber count ? ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
can mice enter ? 
which side of the toaster does the cord attach to -- left or right ? 
how wide is this oven ? 
does the counter top ( or whatever you sit it on ) get overly hot and could scorch it ? ( thanks in advance ! ) 
does it have an auto shut off ? 
what is the length of the cord ? 
how many heating elements inside total ? 
how many watts does it use ? 
what are the exact dimensions ? 
what is the height of the oven at its highest point ? 
will this item work on space bags ? 
how do you figure out what size `` nozzle '' to go w which vac bags ? or is it just not well designed overall ? 
does this item work with ziploc brand space bags ? if not what brand of vacuum bags does it work with ? : ) 
does this vacuum pump work on the ziplock brand of large storage bags ? 
will it work with ziploc space bags ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
i bought 3 chairs , but i am very disappointed , that they do n't have pump like air bed ( recommend me , please , some suitable pump to inflate this chairs 
yeah thats my question if you weight about 200 how is the blow up doing ? same question for air beds why is no poundage on their ... .lol . 
my nuwave is noisy , is this common ? 
can you use this with any cookware ? 
does it come with a cookbook 
why cant i keep a low setting 
how do you grill bacon and hamburgers on the cast iron grill 
if my pan is larger than the surface will the entire pan heat uniformly ? 
how is the nuwave pic2 powered ? 
can i use my regular pots and pans on this unit ? 
does this grill have one side or two ? does it have a flat griddle on the reverse ? 
i have nuwave i am looking for the item to use to grill steaks ? 
is the device non-stick ? 
what voltage does it use 
is this electric or does it go on the stove ? 
how long does it take to cook one set of pancakes ? 
can you cook the pancakes light or does it just have one temperature setting ? 
can i get it for 230 v currency ? 
has anyone made an omlet ? if yes , how did it turn out ? and is there a recipie book with it ? thanks 
anyone know what size measuring cup would be equal to scoop ? i have lost mine 
does anybody know how much electricity is needed ? how many watts ? 
what is the pancakes size ? 
how many ounces does the cup hold ? 
does this version have a small hole in the bottom , covered in a silicone rubbery sealing ? 
does your borosilicate cup feel and sound like plastic ? also does the exterior of your cup get hot ? i 'm wondering if i was sent the wrong product . 
will hot water shatter it ? 
is there anything inscribed on the bottom of the cups such as a logo or words ? 
what is the size . 
what are the dimensions of this container ? 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
measurment please 
what are the `` seat '' hieght measurements not overall ? 
is the color orange-red or deep red , because the pics conflict themselves . i 'm looking for an orange-red . 
these chairs donot have hieght adjustment ? then why do they have the fake toggle to adjust the height ? 
are they easy to assemble ? 
how much is base radius 
assembly instruction appears to be simple , but still i run into an issue . do i have to take out the plastic cap on part a , i ca n't adjust the table 
my chairs arrived in a broken , wet box thanks to ups . no screws ! where can i find screws for the bottom ? i need 8 . 
how heavy duty is this ? looking to store a 450 lb set of weight plates in it so they are out of sight . 
can this be used outside ? i plan to use it under my deck for pool towels etc.. 
is the outside of the locker magnetic ? 
can a lock either combination or key be used 
how would you suggest anchoring this to the wall ? 
will it sit on thick carpeting pretty well without tipping ? 
can you buy more shelves to go in it ? 
do these come with attachable legs ? 
does it lock ? if yes a combo lock or key lock ? 
could we purchase replacement cushions ? 
do the come on pieces , is it hard to put them together ? 
what is the seat depth ? 
is it genuine leather ? 
hello , can i purchase just one of the cushions ? i need a replacement for a chair we have currently . 
what are the dimensions lenght and height ? 
what are the dimensions of this sofa ? 
is this bonded leather ? 
is this genuine leather , bonded leather or faux leather ? 
is assembly required ? 
how accurate is the color in the picture ? is it as dark a brown as it looks ? 
how do you remove the filter basket 
can you buy replacement parts for this juicer ? 
is there a removable blade for cleaning and what is the wattage ? 
why am i unable to get the mesh basket separated from the filter basket ? 
what do you need to vacuum seal mason jars ? if you can . 
is this a rechargeable i am trying to figure out the difference in this model and this one and this : http : www.amazon.com waring-pvs1000- ... 
how do the sealed bags work for freezing foods ? does it keep the frost off ? also , many uses do you usually get from the bags ? 
what is the difference between the pvs1000 & amp ; the wpvs2000sa ? 
can this be used for large vacuum bags ( for clothes ) ? 
can i use the bags of the pvs1000 model ? ca n't find bags mrked wpvs2000 . 
does this one heat evenly and drain the grease ? 
what is the temperature range of this griddle ? 
what is the size of this griddle ? 
can you use this mold for epoxy resin projects as well i was told you can use any silicone base molds for it so before i purchase it i just want to make sure i can use for resin projects . 
what size is the flower ? 
never used molds . can u use glue paste ? how ? no directions . help , please ! 
i am so very sorry in what i asked earlier . i meant to ask how to used this mold and other molds using gum paste to make flowers to use of cakes ? 
does this mold come in a larger size like 2.5x2.5 inches ? ? ? 
can you use this for polymer clay like sculpey iii ? 
what color of eyelet bedskirt would you purchase to go with this quilt set ? white or off white ? it is hard to tell from the picture . cindy 
are the lines that make up the leaf type pattern black or brown ? is red or deep red part of the blanket ? 
what all comes with this , i found another quilt ( same one but cheaper ) i noticed that this one says `` bonus '' but can see where you guys include extras . 
is the quilt heavy ? is it also good for winter ? 
i want this for a `` froest khaki '' colered room ... is there too much blue ? 
are the pillow shams king size or standard ? 
is there anywhere to buy just the decorative pillows ? i 'm thinking of buy the twin one , but would love to have those as well ! 
what are the dementions of this quilt 
does it come with the pillow shams 
does the pattern have raspberry pink color or red deep red or orangey red ? hoping for more red than raspberry ! 
can you use this on a small campstove or are the pieces too big for it ? 
is this hard annodized aluminum or just teflon coated ? 
who is the manufacturer of this product 
what size pan ? 
what 's the capacity of the pot ? 
i want to use this for french press , how is the burr attached at the bottom ? is it free floating , is there a spring keeping the grind consistent ? 
does this have any plastic parts ? 
can i grind flax seeds in this ? 
espresso grind anyone ? 
i purchased this grinder , never used , however i notice orange deposit ( rust ) on the grinder . what to do ? 
does the grinder work for espresso coffee ? ? ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
does this grinder grind beans consistently for the french press ? 
what is the capacity ( in grams ) of this grinder ? 
is this a conical burr grinder ? 
does it pick up good & amp ; does it maneuver too out of control 
anyone else have the problem with this throwing dust back into the air ? my vacuum was covered in dust after using it ! allergies ! returning it . 
any attachments ? 
does the brushroll shut off ? 
is there a height adjustment on the nozzle to make it easier to go from carpet rugs to bare floors ? 
is it made to clean hard wood , tile , and vinyl floors ? 
how much is the power supply voltage 
what size is this thing ? 
how is this installed ? 
i want to mount this on the side of a kitchen cabinet ( mdf ) - can i use command strips instead of the screws ? 
would this magnet be strong large enough to hold an 8 '' chef 's knife and 10 '' bread knife ? thanks . 
did anyone get a recipe book and instructions with their order ? i ordered it from two different sellers and neither had any instructions . i got a refund , but i wanted to know if anyone actually got the recipe book and instructions . 
what are the size of the cake balls plz ? tyvm 
can you make yogurt pops with this mold ? 
this is for the oven , right ? 
this can go to the oven , right ? thats the function ? 
do these come out perfectly rounded ? i 've seen other molds used where it has a ring around it . i 'm considering either this or the bella cake pop maker 
what are the dimensions of the baking pan ? i am wondering if more than one will fit in my oven at a time . 
where was this made ? 
what is the shipping time ? 
is maintenance easy to you change filters ets . 
how noisy is this machine - it 's for the master bedroom . thank you 
several filters are available for this unit , which filter comes with the unit ? 
need to remove constant mildew in the air . has anyone had a similar problem , did the breathsmart help . the blueair hepasilent 455eb did not . thanks . 
how is this on dust ? i have 4 dogs and the dust in my house is horrible . will it eliminate most of the dust ? 
how often do you need to change the filters ? 
where is this manufactured ? i 'm looking at another unit made in the united states . 
any idea why this is more expensive than other air purifiers on amazon ? say compared to oreck or hoover ? 
apo 
is this alen breathsmart have ozone 
how often do each of the filters have to be changed ? 
why ca n't this be shipped to california ? the more expensive model can ... ? ? ! 
hi , does this use one , or two uv bulbs ? thanks 
does ths purifier take away the smoke too ? 
can you confirm if the model number printed on box is model # 8080 ? 
does this fit on primo-branded bottles ? 
does it work on glass bottles ? 
does it screw on or what ? what if the bottle does n't have threads ? 
does it fill containers fairly fast 
how high does it extend above the top of the bottle ? 
does it cool the water or just pump it ? 
does it work with glass bottles ? 
what is the water jug cap size ( mm or in . ) that works well with this pump ? 
does it filter fluoride out of the water ? 
can the top ( upper body ) measuring cups sit flat on their heads so may sit full with dry ingredients ? 
are these for dry measurements or wet ? 
what are they made of ? 
can the top ( upper body ) measuring cups sit flat on a counter on their heads with opening facing up ? 
are these for dry measurements or wet ? 
are the doors 24 x 80 or is the opening 24 x 80 ? pls adv - many thanks katherine 
it looks like staining them might be a problem . do they look ok without doing anything to them ? i ca n't paint them because i have alot of wood in ro 
it looks like staining them might be a problem . do they look ok without doing anything to them ? i ca n't paint them because i have alot of wood in ro 
are the doors built so they can open to the left or the right ? the picture shows them just opening to the left if you buy a single one . 
i am filling a doorway that is 60 inches wide so i will purchase two of the 30 inch doors . is there a right and left door that are different items ? 
our opening is 76 wide and 80 inches in height , would this dorr fit and how many would we need ? 
are the doors wood or plastic ? 
i 'm sorry i forgot to ask if there is a bottom track or only an upper one ? ? 
if we order 2 sets for a 48 '' closet , do we install two upper tracks or 1 48 '' track ? ? 
are the side rails solid wood or glue jointed scrap wood ? 
is the 24 '' width just one door , or both together in bifold ? ( do i order 1 or 2 items for 48 '' wide opening ? ) are white bifolds solid wood ? 
does the doors include the mounting hardware ? 
how well were these doors packaged ? i am concerned that they could get damaged in shipment . 
can i get these 78 '' ? 
do offer `` sliding '' style as opposed to bi-fold or can they be modified to sliders ? 
dose it come with one panel , like one side ? or dose it come with both sides 
would these doors offer privacy ? i would use two of them in a hollywood style ( shared ) bathroom . thanks ! 
my opening is 46.625 '' wide . can your doors easily be narrowed from 48 '' ? 
our opening is 25 '' . with hinges , etc , will the 24 '' door fit ? 
are other heights available ? i have a 78 '' ceiling ( to finish ) in one room ... 
is this price for two sets of two-panel doors , as pictured [ 60 '' total width ] , or just one set ? 
can the doors be cut off 2.5 `` without any problems ? is hardware sturdy ? 
does the hardware come with the doors ? 
can you remove the louvers ? 
i am making a 'enclosure ' for wall mount tv-40 '' in height . can doors be cut to 40 '' . ( not sure to use louvered or solid portion ) 
are the knobs removable ? 
is this white pine ? 
these are vented louvers right ? 
do you have these doors in a twenty-eight inch width ? 
do you have a 36 inch oak louvered bifold closet door 
is there room to cut each hinged door by 1 2 on each side to reduce the overall width to 28 '' ( not 30 ) ? ca n't tell from the image . ; -0 
does this come as one or is this a set ? 
my bifold doors measurement are 71x93.5 do you have any doors that will fit 
the opening on my closet is 59.5 inches wide . will these doors work on my closet ? 
do you have any 36 ' doors ? 
can the doors be trimmed to fit a 79 '' opening ? 
does this come with 2 bifold doors ? 
is `` net size '' of 35 11 16 x 78 3 4 the `` actual '' door size to fit a `` finish '' opening of 36 x 80 ? 
are they made of wood 
can these be painted ? 
my doorway measures just under 36 '' ... will this product work or do i need a custom size ? 
what is the thickness of these doors ? 
i am covering a 72 x 80 opening . i understand i need to order two sets . do they come with the hardware to `` unite '' the two sets at the top ? 
are these doors `` finished '' or do they need stained ? 
for the 36 `` wide bi-fold door , how wide should the finished width of the opening be ? 
we have a 96 wide x 80 inch high opening . do you make doors this large ? 
do these doors come in 96 in height ? 
i need 18 '' wide louvered closet doors , 2 of them okay to be 80 '' in height , but i also need three @ 72 '' . do you make a standard 72 '' size ? 
can i get these doors as individual slabs without the hinges or hinge mortises cut in ? 
is the price for 1 or 2 bifold doors ? 
my opening is exactly 65 '' x 80 '' . will these need to be cut or adjusted to fit ? 
i have a closet that has an opening of 90 inches for the width and 80 for the height . do you have a bifold door that i can use ? 
please , what is the difference ( besides the price ) between the low-profile plush and the high-profile plush versions of this pillow ? 
what are the measurements of this zoned memory foam pillow 
does this pillow make your head hot ? i like the feel of most memory foam pillows but it makes my head sweat then i ca n't sleep . 
i 've been airing it out for 72 hours and cant get rid of the smell , any suggestions ? 
what are the dimensions of the standard high loft vs.standard low loft . thickness ? 
will this bed take any full size mattress ? 
how is this bed delivered ? is it by freight or fed ex or ups ? and how big are the boxes it comes in ? 
does it arrive assembled or is it self assembly ? 
does this come in twin and how much is it in twin ? 
is this for a twin mattress or full ? 
is the furniture made of wood solids or veneer ? 
can the cube and drawers be turned upside down so that the larger drawers are on the bottom and smaller drawers on top ? 
are the draw pulls easy to grasp ? if you have longer nails are they likely to break using the drawer pulls ? 
dies it have a top flip lid ? 
can you buy the top tray separately ? 
is it possible to leave the flip top open and flip it all the way backward so that it 's tucked behind the box itself ? 
can the handles be changed out for acrylic knobs once purchased ? 
what is the width of this organizer ? 
can i order this with crystal knobs ? and does the top drawer have a lid ? 
i broke the top drawer . can i buy just the top drawer ? 
what is the total height of this organizer ? 
does the king size fit perfectly ? 
will the comforter be fit for a 86 by 102 cover ? 
is this a comforter or do you need to get a duvet to put this into ? 
ok.. all this talk about it being warm.. question is does it look like the advertisement ? is it fluffy ? 
is the outside synthetic too or just the inside ( filler ) 
what is the fill power ? 
what is the thread count ? 
is the cover cotton or polyester ? 
what is the thread count ? i do n't see it anywhere in the description . thank you . 
what is the capacity 
110 or 220 
how do the drains work on this if you are frying potatoes with the skins on ? 
does this deep fryer plug into a standard outlet ? ? 
what is 20l electric 
how accurate is the temperature gauge ? is it capable of reaching its max . temp . of 392 degrees ? 
is it 3000w each pan or 2x 1500w 
who makes this brand ? 
i have lost my instructions and screen ... what should i do ? 
how big is the basket ? 
can i use my own ground coffee 
can you use `` pods '' not made by keurig ? 
will a standard 16 oz tervis tumbler fit under this machine if you remove the base that you would normally stand a mug on ? 
why wo n't kcup puncture at the bottom ? 
is this coffee maker eazy to use 
i bought this for christmas for someone who lives with me . will this come in an amazon box or literally the keurig box and she will see what it is ? 
should the water reservoir be emptied after each use ? i wo n't be using it every day . thanks ! 
coffee strength ? 
do you have to use a filter 
can i use any brand of k cups 
can you put in a filter pod so you can put in your own ground coffee ? 
how do you adjust the temperature ? 
i know there are three brewing sizes , but does it dilute the coffee if you choose the 10 oz vs 6 oz ? 
can you fit a standard size travel cup under it ? 
does this model allow me to set the machine in a way where it 'll automatically make coffee at 8am ? 
weater temp 
describe water filter ? 
can you program this to automatically make a cup before you wake up ? 
how long does it take to brew a cup of coffee ? 
can you fit a travel mug underneath ? 
is the background color white or beige ? 
dors amazon sell the rug pictured ? thank you ! 
is the comforter machine washable ? 
i want to see a larger picture of this but when i click on it a different picture pops up . can someone fix this problem ? 
is the blue purple tinged ? 
what are these stoppers made out of ? are they flexible ? 
does this style work on champagne bottles as well ? 
can stopper be used without the top ( ring ? ) in place ... reducing its height in refrigerator ? 
how deep are the shelves at the top of the piece ? 
are the drawers able to be used as file holders or is the configuration not setup for that ? 
what is the dimension between the shelves ? 
i need to use this as a night table and a bookcse for a tiny bedroom . is the height of the drawers high enough for a night table ? 
what is the exact width of this unit please ( dimensions across ) not depth 
what is the exact width of the shelf ? product description says 17 ' ? some says 23 ' ? 
would the drawers be great for storing dvd 's and if anyone has how many did it hold per drawer . 
does the bookshelf lean or does it have feet on the back of the shelves ? 
i wanted to put a receiver , playstation and cable box on this shelf. , would that be possible ? 
i want to match this item with ikea 's lack black brown furniture ... would the color be matching or very close ? ( if the colors are completely realistic ) 
i lost the manual , where to find the website of this product or to find the manual to download ? thanks 
looking for a users manual for this scale i bought from costco . 
i have this scale and whenever i turn it on , a 1-00 shows on the screen and counts up to 1-15 then starts over . how do i make it stop ? 
how do i change my weight from kilogram to pounds 
out kamenstein scale is flashing four small bars all over the screen when turned on and i can not clear them . what is going on ? 
reg 9 vold battery wound fit were could i buy a battery for the scale 
are these `` crisp '' after being washed and dried ? i am trying to find the old fashioned 100 % not sateen cotton thatcomes out crsip and a little wrinkled 
did they shrink after wash ? 
what are the pocket size of these sheets ? 
can you set this up the night before and just start it in the morning ? 
clean thermal carafe 
what is the cord length ? 
glass 
is bonavia bv1800 made in germany ? 
where can i buy a replacement thermal carafe for the bonavita bv1800th ? 
when a `` scoop '' of coffee is referred to ( 4 scoops to 8 cups of water ) , how much is a scoop ? i dont have the ratio right yet 
weak coffee ! drip speed too fast ? on the top of the grounds : a star pattern from shower head , surrounded by barely touched coffee ! what to do ? 
does the coffee maker come with some paper filters included , or is that something i must buy separately ? 
need to get accessories as well.. can anyone help ? 
would the curtain match dark purple rugs ? 
where can i buy the accessories like the trash can and soap dispenser ? 
can anyone tell me if the valance is attached to the shower curtain , or do i have to buy it separately ? 
is the 31.94 '' w dimension including the paper towel holder ? is that part removable to make it less wide ? 
what is the finish of the cart ? is it paintable ? 
what are the inner dimensions of the drawers ? 
the dimensions are not posted . could someone who purchased it please post the info ? 
what is its weight ? 
can the towel bar be attached to the other side ? 
i want to use a kitchen aid stand mixer on this . is it going to be sturdy enough ( without the heels ) and will it handle the shaking and or vibration ? 
what is the height from the middle shelf to the bottom shelf ? 
is it a paper towel holder or just a towel rack ? 
can the bottom shelf fit a microwave ? thank you 
what is the `` fit max pipe diameter '' ? ? 
what is the weight limit for these ? 
will these fit over a 1.5 inch rail ? 
are these pba free ? 
can i freeze in them and then microwave to reheat ? 
do these plates go from freezer to microwave ? 
do they contain bpa ? 
what are these made out of ? do they contain bph ? 
what makes this different from the epica tm accupro digital kitchen scale in quality ? 
how precise does this measure ounces in ? whole numbers or does it measure to 0.1 ounces ? 
is it possible to change the metric from oz to grams ? i mean , to see the weight in grams ? 
can it weigh postage ? 
what size calibration weight does it need ? 
what makes this different from the epica tm accupro digital kitchen scale in quality ? 
how precise does this measure ounces in ? whole numbers or does it measure to 0.1 ounces ? 
is it possible to change the metric from oz to grams ? i mean , to see the weight in grams ? 
can it weigh postage ? 
what size calibration weight does it need ? 
what is the size of these stones ? 
can i use these in a cocktail shaker or will they shatter ? 
so you do n't freeze these ? you just throw them in your drink and they cool it ? 
can you use these with carbonated beverages ? 
do the stones scratch glass crystal glasses ? 
are these made in the usa ? 
does the wood used on these hangers have a `` laquer coating '' on natural color wood ? 
if i order them today how long will it take for me to receive them in scottsdale az ? 
are these hangers all metal and wood , or is there a connecting piece made out of plastic ? i ca n't quite tell from the picture . 
can you leave your cooked rice in it for several days and the rice will not smell ? 
does it need a voltage converter ? i 'll use it in usa 
does this support 220v or 240 v for uk ? 
does this model have the detachable inner lid ? 
does it have english on it for the buttons or is it in korean 
just to make sure , is this a rice cooker . does not explicitly state in title or description . looking to use it to cook korean rice . 
what color you have for this item ? 
does it have a keep-warm function ? 
is it battery operated or does it plug in ? 
is there a warranty 
how long is the unit from top to bottom and from the `` seam '' to the bottom ? i am curious if it will reach to the bottom of my peanut butter for mixing 
how tall is the shaft that is to be immersed 
how long is the shaft ? 
mayonnaise 
can you whip egg whites , meringue , with this ? 
is it dual voltage ? 
is this dual voltage or strictly 110 ? 
if you still have the packaging , where is it manufactured ? ( if you do n't have the packaging , thank you and please ignore ) 
does this blender have a cord or is it battery operated ? 
cake 
would this work for cooked beans to make them refried , blending 2 qts at a time or would it only work in small amounts ? thanks ! 
can this grind meat ? 
are there accessories 
does this come with any warranty ? 
does it work to make soaps ? 
des this model replace the plastic piece that tended to wear down in the old model it is replacing ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does this one have a cord ? the video shows a cord attached , but none of the pictures on here show a cord . help ! & lt ; & gt ; & lt ; 
is the drive shaft of this model stil connected with a plastic piece ? this seemed to be that failed the quickest in the previous model , the csb-76 . 
is it ok to use this immersion blender in the stainless steel pot ? will the blender scratch the bottom of the pot ? 
can i beat egg white with it ? cream for whipped cream ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
i was wondering if the whisk attachment is desirable or needed , for example , to whip cream ? or if you have one , do use use it and for what ? 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
i would want to make smoothies with it . does anyone do that ? will i need one of the large stainless cups for this ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does this one have a cord ? the video shows a cord attached , but none of the pictures on here show a cord . help ! & lt ; & gt ; & lt ; 
is the drive shaft of this model stil connected with a plastic piece ? this seemed to be that failed the quickest in the previous model , the csb-76 . 
is it ok to use this immersion blender in the stainless steel pot ? will the blender scratch the bottom of the pot ? 
can i beat egg white with it ? cream for whipped cream ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
i was wondering if the whisk attachment is desirable or needed , for example , to whip cream ? or if you have one , do use use it and for what ? 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
i would want to make smoothies with it . does anyone do that ? will i need one of the large stainless cups for this ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does this one have a cord ? the video shows a cord attached , but none of the pictures on here show a cord . help ! & lt ; & gt ; & lt ; 
is the drive shaft of this model stil connected with a plastic piece ? this seemed to be that failed the quickest in the previous model , the csb-76 . 
is it ok to use this immersion blender in the stainless steel pot ? will the blender scratch the bottom of the pot ? 
can i beat egg white with it ? cream for whipped cream ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
i was wondering if the whisk attachment is desirable or needed , for example , to whip cream ? or if you have one , do use use it and for what ? 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
i would want to make smoothies with it . does anyone do that ? will i need one of the large stainless cups for this ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does this one have a cord ? the video shows a cord attached , but none of the pictures on here show a cord . help ! & lt ; & gt ; & lt ; 
is the drive shaft of this model stil connected with a plastic piece ? this seemed to be that failed the quickest in the previous model , the csb-76 . 
is it ok to use this immersion blender in the stainless steel pot ? will the blender scratch the bottom of the pot ? 
can i beat egg white with it ? cream for whipped cream ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
i was wondering if the whisk attachment is desirable or needed , for example , to whip cream ? or if you have one , do use use it and for what ? 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
i would want to make smoothies with it . does anyone do that ? will i need one of the large stainless cups for this ? 
is this cordless ? i do not have a plug over my stove top 
can it be used in broad vessel too ? it would spill or not ? 
is the mixer blade compatible with non-stick pot coatings or will it scratch them ? 
does this product come with a warranty ? 
can it froth milk for lattes ? 
can you mash potatoes 
how big around is the handle section - i have really small hands ( 6 inches total length ) . can i hold it safely in one hand with a bowl on the counter ? 
is the whole bottom half stainless steel or its plastic ( covered in metallic paint ) ? 
i am buying this for one purpose and one purpose only , ,to mix nestles quik choc milk , in an 18 oz glass , , , will it do it ? ? ? 
i bought something like this on tv years ago called the daily i believe . it could make mayonaise and peanut butter from peanuts i loved it . is this an 
what are the dimensions of this board ? 
several reviews mention that the board becomes gouged quickly when used with sharp knives . in your experience , is this the case ? 
does it come bigger ? 
bpa free ? and are the dimensions actaully 15 '' x15 '' ? seems smaller from the photos . thanks 
how many watts is this machine and how many temperature settings ? 
does this model have removable plates 
can i purchase waffle plates for this ? 
does it have supports for the lid or do they just rest on whatever you are cooking ? 
are plates removeable for washing 
are both plates ridged rather than one flat so that both sides come out with ridge marks ? 
does this cook bacon very well ? 
has the issue with the top plate falling off reported in many reviews been corrected by cuisinart ? 
can you grill a chicken breast from frozen or does it need to be defrosted first ? 
do they still have a problem with the top plate falling off ? 
is the interior non-stick ? 
is n't there supposed to be lcd illumination of the clock & amp ; timer read-out on this oven ? after initial plug in to set the time of day , all i see are very faint , difficult to read numbers on a gray unlit background - this does n't seem right as my older ... 
what is the lowest set able temperature 
is the door clear glass or smoked glass ? 
if i place this on my counter top , how much clearance is needed above the top of the toaster oven ? 
will this toast 6 english muffins at once ? and how does regular white bread toast come out ? can you turn the convection off to bake ? 
can i get the size please 
does the non-stick surface contain ptfe ? 
is the finish stainless steel- or is it silver ? 
how do you select your toast darkness ? i do n't see a setting on the picture . 
does anyone know what temperature the cuisinart holds the yogurt mix to while fermenting ? 
does the appliance heat the milk ? 
can this also be used to make kefir ? 
is the yogurt container plastic or glass ? 
do you need to heat the milk first to make yogurt ? the previous answers were mixed on that question . 
does itmake greek yogurt 
is it bpa free ? 
how many watts of electricity does this use ? i 've tried searching reviews , product info , cuisinart 's web site and their customer service line . 
can i put my own container instead of the plastic container it comes with ? 
does it come with recipe book ? 
is this a single or double-edged knife ? 
where is santoku made ? 
is the knife full tang ? 
is this knife made in japan ? 
i need about 9 '' inch height clearance inside for my tajines . does anyone have inside dimensions ? 
does it quickly reach and maintain a high temperature of 450-500degrees ? unlike the horrible hamilton beach model 31103 ? 
i am considering this oven - can anyone comment on how you go about cleaning it ( the interior ) ? ? 
how much space do i need between the top of the oven and the wall cabinet above the oven ? also , how close to a wall . 
can you put a pizza in this oven ? ? ? ? 
i 'm wanting to put it over my stove to replace my convection microwave in motorhome , any concerns with heating up of the unit - ventilated ? 
i note that the increments for temperature go up in 50 degrees . is it possible to increase by 25 degrees ? 
how many amps does it pill and can a 15 amp circuit handle the oven ? 
is the fan loud when using the convection or roast function ? 
is this oven a suitable replacement for a standard under counter oven , i.e. , to bake cookies , casseroles , roast veggies , etc . ? 
how wide is the seat will it fit a 400 pound man ? 
material 
how high is the seat from thr floor ? 
what are the dimensions of this mattress ? 
any idea exactly what chemicals materials were used in manufacture ? i do n't normally have sensitivity issues , but this one gave me a strong reaction . 
anyone know how many gallons this california-king waterbed mattress holds ? 
how much is the shipping size of the package when they deliver it ? please be specific use length x width x height . 
do i need to buy the waterbed safety liner to use it ? or i can use it as it is ? 
where was it made ? 
how big is the box when it ships ? approx dimensions please ? is it as big as the full size mattress ? 
what is difference between king and cal king ? is this a cal king ? 
would this work as a soft side replacement ? 
i am concerned that the size is 2 '' above a standard sofa bed mattress - standard is 60x72 and this pad is marked 60x74 . is anyone finding it too long 
how thick is the mattress pad ? 
does the bed fold normally with the pad in place ? 
how thick is the mattress pad ? i want to make sure that the unit will close after the pad is on . 
can you or do you leave the topper on the mattress when the bed is folded into the sofa and doews it hold snugly onto the mattress ? 
will my sofa bed sheets still fit if i use this mattress pad ? 
does it switch automatically between the two voltages , or do you have to move a switch ? 
can you give me the dimensions in inches ? 
is the inside stainless steel or plastic 
weight of the unit ? 
is usa plug kit included ? 
where was it made ? 
what is the material that the liquid is heated in ? or , what material holds the boiling liquid ? metal or plastic ? 
i would like to use this in the us . how long does it take to boil water with us adapter ? 
what are the dimensions ( height and width ) , and do the cups stow in the kettle ? will it fit easily in carry on size bag ? 
i want to use it in car with power inverter . what is the regular watt useage and highest peak watt ? 
i ca n't figure out where to put this information to you when i order this ? i did n't see a `` message service '' 
can we leave the dates off ? 
can we have the entire birthdate & amp ; death date engraved ? ( not just month year ) 
does chairs come with it ? 
from some of the comments , it looks like the table is not made of quality material . is the table made of something that will last and endure children ? 
the table top does n't seem to provide enough room for 4 people to eat at it . am i correct to assume that 4 people eating would be too much ? 
does the table top have a lip around the edge ? i need to fasten my infant 's claw grip baby seat to the edge and need at least 3-4 '' even surface . 
what color is 'maryland merlot ? '' - is it reddish ? looking for browns - thx . 
is assembly required ? 
where do i get the chair ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how much weight do the chairs support ? i 'm looking to buy this , but want to be sure about the chairs first . 
how does walmart sell one for $ 4 ? 
in what direction does the plastic wick part of the filter go ? 
will this fit pccm-840 model ? 
what are the measurements of this filter ? i need a 51 2 inches by 37 8 by 11 2 inches 
does it fit pccm-840 
how often should i replace the filter ? 
how many in box ? 
is this for just one filter 
i need a filter for a relion 832 that is almost 2 inches thick , the thinner ones do n't last . 
can i order sheets sets from this maker i love the sheets would like extras 
hello , good day ! if i buy several comforters , do they receive from me an alone sending or for each one ? 
does it come in a queen size ? 
does it come in a full size 
described as `` soft '' blue appears to be turquoise . reviews said she got it for her turquoise & amp ; green bedroom . is it soft blue or turquoise ? 
does it come in twin size 
how can i get a green one ? my friend help me to buy one , after place the order , he send a email to indicate green one . but , finally , i got a black . 
do you have green one ? how can i choose green one ? thanks a lot ! 
how to choose green color ? 
how many come in this ? one or two ? 
what is the diameter ? 
how many ounces does the mug hold ? 
is this for a full size bed ? 
are the sheets deep pocket ? 
is it a duvet cover or a comforter ? 
does it have matching curtains 
is this 100 % egyptian cotton or a blend ? 
are the pockets really deep on these sheets ? 
where are they made 
are they cotton 
are these 100 % cotton ? one of the reviews calls them microfiber , which is cotton and polyester . 
are the sheets completely cotton or is there some microfiber . 
are these 00 % cotton ? 
in terms of quarts , what are the sizes of the three saucepans ? 
does each pot come with its own lid ? 
will these saucepan rust if washed and used touch 
i just received my saucepans and read that they can not be put in dishwasher . is this correct ? ? ? 
could i use this for kosher or sea salt ? 
is this rust proof ? 
does this have a lid to keep ingredients fresh 
what are the dimensions of the shaker ? 
do these have a screw on top ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how do you install the door handles 
what is the actual temperature control range on the unit ? the manual on their site states it is 51-64 degrees , but the specs here say 45-64 degrees ? 
what is the outside of this refrigerator made of ? it states stainless steel trim around the doors , but nothing about the actual construction . 
is the height dimensions to the top of the hing on both doors ? if so what are height of the hinges from the top of the refrigerator cabinet 
what are the dimensions ? 
will this unit allow me to remove some of the bottom shelves in order to store bottles upright ? if so , is the bottom flat enough , as some are curved ? 
does this unit vent in the front for an undercounter application ? 
does the cooler run continuously or does it shut off - what is power usage like over the course of a year 
dimensions ? 
how fast does the image rotate ? 
the title says `` flashing '' so does that mean all the lights go off & amp ; on or is it more like individual twinkling stars ? 
does this have an auto-shut off ? for example , if you leave it on for your child to fall asleep , will it turn itself off after 20-30 minutes ? 
i just need to be sure about the size . another amazon vendor sold a 12 '' that was actually 12-7 8 '' . is the actual size 12 '' ? 
what is the thickness of this 12-inch stone ? 
in the picture you have provided of the stone is round . however , when i click on the item it appears as a 12x12 stone ; which is it ? 
after only 3 di giorno pizzas , my pizza stone is now all black brown ... . scrubbing with warm water and or baking soda did n't help ... any suggestions ? thanks ! 
what are the dimensions of the bag ? 
what are the dimensions of the bags , flat , and additionally , what size is your bread pan ? i ordered other bags that were too small . are the bags gussetted ? 
do these bags have micro perforation ? 
can any of the owners of this holder tell me how big the circles are that hold the pods ? 
does anyone know if this will work with the keurig rivo cups ? they look similar . 
does this come with the pods 
will this fit all single serve coffee cups or just starbuks ? 
can you use these k cups in the verismo as well as the keurig . 
is this a warm or cool humidifier ? 
i am trying to figure out on average how many ml of water are expelled in one hour . on the highest setting how long does it take ( +-10 min ) to empty ? 
ok , this is embarrassing , but how do you fill this ? ? we got the last one off of the shelf , so have no directions and ca n't figure it out . : ( 
any luck in finding a replacement cap ? i have 2 , both the cap cracked on . 
would this work in a room that has dimensions of 18 x 18 ? 
can you diffuse essential oils in this ? 
how hard is this humidifier to clean ? do you need special water ? tap water or filtered ? 
what is the quietest best small room himidifier ? 
dose it have a pocket ? 
do you have this or any cute apron in blue ? need to know asap . would like to order today for delivery tomorrow . thanks . 
do you have 14 of these in stock - all the same color - either red or blue ? 
does this apron come in pink ? i would love it n pinks , and would order 6 of them for this price . 
is it cotton canvas ? 
is this suitable for popcorn ? 
how long does it take to do a bushel or 5 gal . pail ? 
to shell black walnuts , do they have to turn brown first ? or does it work on green walnut hulls ? 
does it come fully assembled ? 
can you feed it several or one black walnut at a time ? 
where is this product manufactured ? 
can you attach a v-belt pulley to this sheller so it can be run with a motor ? 
how many pairs can this shelf hold ? 
how wide and tall is it ? 
is this waterproof ? 
what color is the cover ? in the pic it seems anywhere from dark brown to light tan . 
what is the boxes shipping dimensions - i see that it weighs 6lbs but will need the measurement of the actual box it is in - thank you 
can you stack two racks on top of each other ? 
what are the dimensions when it is assembled ? 
could you stack two of these units on top of one another ( to make it taller ) ? 
are these truly deep pocket sheets ? i have a queen mattress with a mattress topper and i need a deep pocket fitted sheet . thanks ! 
are these sheets microfiber 
are these sheets microfiber 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
what is egyptian quality ? prominently used in so many listing titles ? 
in the photo the fabric is very reflective , do the sheets have a cotton 'like ' sheen similar to the picture ? 
how deep are the pockets ? 
so are these cotton feeling or like a silky ? 
i notice that in the discription , it is stated that these sheets are `` as soft as 1500 thread count egyptian cotton '' ... what is the actual thread count ? 
what material are the sheets made of ? 
what is the material used to make this ? 
what are the dimensions of the storage cubby in the center ? i 'd like to put a moviemate projector in there if it fits , i need a 7 '' height . thanks . 
is the finish really black ? it looks more dark brown in the pictures . 
how heavy is this table ? can 2 average sized girls move it ? 
what are the dimensions of the storage compartments ? 
what kind of lag time delay do you get with this converter , any ? looking to pair with the blackmagic 4k camera and a paralinx arrow plus . thanks ! 
what `` non standard '' battery does it use ? 
has anyone verified this with the canon xa25 ? 
picture not show battery or usb , they said `` 1 nonstandard battery batteries required . ( included ) '' so , i need battery when i go to field , thank 
will this work with this camera ( http : www.amazon.com gp produ ... and asus ve228h monitor ? tnx 
seller , please answer : will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
so if i get this a hd-sdi camera will display on a tv monitor ? just clarifying . 
will this work with 23.976 fps ? 
how long does the vacuum seal last once placed over an item ? 
i want to confirm that i will receive 2 domes as pictured , i found this by searching on `` pressdome set of 2 vacuum seal plate covers '' 
can this be used on plastic or paper plates ? 
is this a set of 2 
seal only air tight for 3 minutes what is wrong ? 
how strong is the unit ? to have it blend in with my living room i was thinking of putting a 12-gallon fish tank on it . filled the tank weighs 136lbs 
can i put a flat screen tv on top of it ? 
hi what is the shipping dimision and does is have the description of the content on the shipping boxes ? 
can man size 10 shoes fit in this cabinet without having to put them in sideways ? 
can you safely stack this unit 2 high ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
i need the manufactor 's information for this product please 
are the holes bigger and deeper than the cast iron takoyaki pan on the same page ? 
is this actually cast iron without any coatings such as ceramic , paint , or other non-stick coatings on it ? 
is the kotobuki 410-647 takoyaki pan painted ( like other cast iron takoyaki pans on amazon e.g. , tbt3 ) , or is it bare , unseasoned cast iron ? 
are there ties at each corner of the cover to bind it to the down comforter ? 
what are the dimensions of the queen duvet ? 
is it reversable ? the picture looks like a different pattern on underside ? coloring looks to be a purplish blue - is this accurate ? 
can anyone tell me if the material is cotton or other ? also where might i be able to get the matching pillow cases ? 
what all comes with it ? 
does the duvet come alone ? no pillow covers ? how do i get the pillow covers in the picture ? 
does this come in a king size ? i have looked everywhere and can not find it . 
regarding free shipping question , the comforter is $ 159 , it is over the $ 150 purchase required but is not giving free shipping ? 
it says `` + free shipping '' but when i go to order there is a charge ... ... ... .. 
does this really take 1 to 2 months to ship ? ? 
how do you take it apart to clean it ? 
anyone know how many amps this fan draws on dc ? 
is this fan adjustable , ie , what are the angles of adjustment , 70 & deg ; ,90 & deg ; ,120 & deg ; etc . 
hi , would you recommend this fan to the beach ? 
can function when the base is closed ? 
how about battery life ? ? 
is the tilt adjustable ? 
does this fan have a handle like the earlier version ? 
is epica battery fan the same product as o2cool new 10in battery operated fan 
is it alright in rain ? 
does it come with a strap on it ? 
how much water does it hold ? 
do you sell them in bulks ? 
does anyone know if the more expensive o2 cool 8 battery rechargeable model fd10006au with built in batteries blow stronger than this fd10002a model ? 
how much noise does this fan make please ? looking for very quiet . thank you 
how does this stand up ? does it have a base that tilts so you can position it easily ? 
what kind of batterys does it need 
while on ac , how many watts does it consume ? 
is the ac power also able to handle 220v ( so i can use it if i travel to europe ) ? 
i want a fan that makes a smooth noise to sleep to . will this fan do that ? i have to have some sort of noise in order to sleep . 
where is the power switch ? i 'd like to mount it backwards in a bathroom as a vent 
is it possible to clean the inside propellers ? if so , is it easy ? 
can you use this fan on a treadmill ? 
does the red paint crack easily ? i had a nice red tumbler from another brand , i love the red so much but after a while the paint started to wear off . 
is there a water gauge on the kettle ? 
is the kettle hot to touch ? 
does the cord wrap underneath the base so that the cord is not in the way ? 
the water gauge appears to be obstructed by the handle . how easy is it to view the gauge and are there `` liter '' markings or just `` cups '' ? 
is the automatic shut off when it boils or does it not shut off until it boils dry ? 
is the kettle bpa free ? 
are any parts of the kettle that touch water plastic , ( i.e . water viewing window , spout , water gauge , etc ... and if so are the specified as bpa free ? 
where is it made 
would someone let me know , does it have a two prong or three prong to plug in..thank you 
are the handles on the 12 '' or 14 '' sides ? 
is the fabric plasticized or coated ? what is the fabric 
the area i need for storage bins is 13 '' wide ... .16 tall ... and 18 `` long . will these fit ? i 'm not good at figuring this out . 
because the baskets are tapered , i do n't know if the bottom of the basket measures 12 '' across or the top of the basket measures 12 '' across . 
if i purchase this now can i change out the spaghetti die for the med bucatini die 
can you plase explain better how we can use the torchio without the bench ? i want to buy it , but i want to be sure it 's easy to use it with no bench . 
i recieved my torchio pasta maker and there was no clamp enclosed to attach it to a table -- do n't see how i can use it . 
how does it work ? you put the dough in a small opening ? it must be very messy 
how much does it weigh ? 
how thick is it when folded flat ? 
is it 17 '' high ? 
what is the max weight limit 
does it fold and unfold easily just by picking it up and pushing it down -- both with one hand ? 
is there a weight rating on this 
are the dots on the top surface non-slip ? 
ok. ideal height ? for who ? just how many inches tall is it unfolded ? 
how tall is it ? 
can i trickle a powder charge and have the scale display the weight change in real time , or do you have to add , remove , reweigh ? 
has anybody had any issues with power to this ? certain power sockets and sometimes if i put my hand close to screen it shuts off ? is it defective ? 
can anyone confirm if this scale includes an ac adapter ? 
will it weigh to .01 grains of accuracy ? 
what is the best hoppers 
what is the grain weight capacity and accuracy of this scale ? i 'm guessing 1500 grs max . what is the variance ? in tenth or hundredth gr and by what ? 
are the product dimensions correct ? 
does this put out a lot of heat ? 
hose ? 
how noisy is it ? 
where do i buy a short ( 1-2 feet ) garden hose to connect to the back of the dehumidifier to achieve continuous drainage ? 
what is the decibel rating ? 
what is the size height , width , length 
continuous drain not working ( used to ) - hose connected , but bucket still filling up and nothing coming out of the hose . any ideas ? 
what is the square footage a 30pint will dehumidify ? 
what is the height & amp ; width of unit ? 
i need a dehumidifier that will automatically turn on after a power failure - conflicting answering here - anyone know for sure ? 
quiet or loud ? 
does this allow for continuous drainage through a hose hook up ? 
does it include a hose 
what type of manufacturer warranty comes with unit ? 
i have an unheated basement - is there a temperature limit or operable to a certain degree . 
i ca n't get the continuous drain feature to work..i hooked up a hose and its still draining into the container ... what am i missing here ? 
the unit appears to be tapered at the bottom . what are the dimensions of the footprint at the bottom ? thanks . 
how do i determine the number of pints i need for my basement ? 
what is a good setting for this unit 
how do you clean the bucket ? ! mine has a film inside and smells of mold but the screwed-on lid makes it impossible to scrub . 
what is the lowest temp at which unit will operate at 
why when people ask if the fan ( not compressor ) shuts off when the compressor stops , or soon after , there are conflicting answers here & amp ; other sites ? 
do you have to have the dehumidifier higher then drain for it to work ? 
did the unit come with a hose to drain water ? do i have to buy a separate hose ? 
what is the warranty on the frigidaire fad704dwd dehumidifier ? 
drained my unit with hose . 3 weeks later empty tank light was on and tank was full . what 's happening ? 
how is this in low temperature basements ? 
sq . ft. of cover 
what is a suitable drain ? 
i 'm concerned about some reviewers saying it blows out a lot of hot air . maybe all dehumidifiers do this ? any insight would be helpful . 
do you have to use the insert that holds the cupcake ? 
do they have a clear cover over the window 
if i buy a dozen boxes do i get 12 boxes or 12 pieces , a box and insert ? which is only 6 boxes 
will the insert secure a cupcake that is 2.5 inches in diameter ? 
the cupcakes for my girls party are the mini size . will this box work tohold a mini cupcake ? 
is the side of the box open or is there a transparent cover ? i might put small gift items in these boxes , but do n't want them to fall out . 
does this box come with an insert to hold the cupcake ? 
is this cupcake box for the standard size cupcake ? 
this will really hold about 660lbs ? is there any type of gurantee if this deflates ? does this come with a patch kit ? thanks ! 
how can this be used when the car is in motion , what about seat belts ? 
is this items fit for all cars ? for example toyota camry 
how do you inflate the mattress ? 
our son is using his chev 250 shortbox for fast haul and needs to sleep in the back seat of his truck . will this work ? 
can you still buckle up on the bed ? 
is it comfortable enough to sleep night after night for about 30 days on it ? ( i am used to sleeping in a sleeping bag for extended periods of time . ) 
would this fit in the back seat of a scion tc ? 
will in fit in a 2010 toyota 4runner ? 
will this fit in a subaru forester ( 2011 ) ? 
i bought this sets.after i use once i see the pots has stain . do you think is this 100 % stainless steel ? ? no aluminium ? 
i have an induction range which has 7,9 & amp ; 11 inch rings.my range can detect only if the base of pots fit exactly to the ring.any idea on base diameter . 
can these be put into the oven ? 
what are the lids made out of ? are they glass or are they stainless steel as well ? 
is this product aluminum encapsulated ? 
is this cookware stainless 18 10 ? 
are the pots stainless steel also ? 
good for induction cooking ? 
are these the same pot sold at macy 's 
on the macy 's site it says medium to low heat . can you use them on high ? 
does this actually give you the requisite 8-10 bars of pressure to get a proper extraction ? 
is the boiler reservoir is a plastic or a glass ? it seen this machine is not bpa free 
just wondered what kind of grinder you guys use what setting ? newbie . drink nespresso or aeropress + manual hario grinder at home . 
most reviews mention grinding your own beans . would illy fine ground beans work in this machine ? not sure i want to add an extra step in the mornings . 
is the cup that holds the coffee grounds made of aluminum or stainless ? 
do the plastic parts in fact contain bpa as claimed in some of the reviews ? 
my o-ring went bad after 2 months how do i get it covered under warranty since i got it in january ? i need and luv my rok ! 
is the metal stainless or polished aluminum ? ? 
did anyone else have an issue with the portafilter breaking ? mine snapped after about 6 months of daily use . 
warranty covers `` metal parts '' - what non-metal parts does this have ( esp , gears arms etc ) ? thanks 
does this fit nutribullet cup 
dishwasher safe ? 
do these lids prevent leaking 100 % or does some seepage occur ? 
does this fit the magic bullet mini 
do these lids screw on or do they have have rubber gaskets to seal a 2 7 8 `` opening ? 
do they fit the 22-oz cups ? 
is this the price for 2 ? 
do they fit the nutribullet mugs ? 
do these lids prevent spilling leaking 100 % ? 
is it oven proof ? 
are the sides higher than usual , which is what i want ? 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
has anyone had problems with the coating coming off or scratching easily ? thank you for your time : ) 
is the diameter mentioned that of base or the top ? 
how can it be induction-ready if it 's aluminum ? 
i read some place that portable induction cooktops may now work with some brands of induction cookware . does it work with nuwave or pic2 ? 
is the handle designed not to hold water ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
hi . are both cups 22oz each ? 
can we put hot liquids in these cups ? 
is this for 1 or 2 cups 
are these 3 or 4 inches in diameter ? 
are cups bph-free ? 
our magic bullet cups keep cracking on the sides . can we put hoy 
will it attach to the original magic bullet blade ? 
are these freezer safe ? 
is this for 1 or 2 mugs ? 
are these bigger than the usual magic bullet short and tall cups ? 
is it oven proof ? 
are the sides higher than usual , which is what i want ? 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
has anyone had problems with the coating coming off or scratching easily ? thank you for your time : ) 
is the diameter mentioned that of base or the top ? 
how can it be induction-ready if it 's aluminum ? 
i read some place that portable induction cooktops may now work with some brands of induction cookware . does it work with nuwave or pic2 ? 
is the handle designed not to hold water ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
induction 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
does this pan come with a lid . if not can you order one ? 
can the techef-blooming flower pan be used in the oven for foods like fratatta or other egg dishes ? 
i purchased this item in 2013 , from amazon , the surface is clearly breaking down and i would like a replacement per the product guarantee , how ? 
is the inside a smooth surface or rough ? 
what is the dimension of the bottom of the pan ? 
has anyone experienced popping noise that comes from the bottom of the pan either as it starts to heat up or cools down ? what is that noise ? 
whats the angle on the side of the pan ? is it such that i can flip an omelette , or stir fry with ease ? 
are there any `` how to care for ' '' or similar guides or instructions that can help extend the non-stick feature ? 
does it fit the ipad 2 . ? ? ? ? 
is this for ipad mini or regular ipad 
does this case work for ipad 4th generation ? 
does this accept k-cups ? 
how much coffee will the filter hold ? 
does this accept k-cups ? 
is it 110 or 220v ? 
how long does it take ? 
does it plug in ? i ca n't tell from the picture or description . i do n't want something battery operated . 
can you use the single kc cup coffee or do you have to use the scoop coffee 
does it have a filter 
what filter does a hm3656-u have ? 
my 3656 model humidifier is not putting out vapor , the fan just runs . i changed the filter a week ago , no change in performance . what can i check ? 
is the back of this chair fabric and the seat leather as the picture shows ? 
hi could anyone tell me what the width of these chairs are thank you brian . 
what dining room table matches these chairs ? 
will the arms of the chair fit under a table or desk . can anyone tell me the dimension from the floor to the highest point of the arm ? 
do you need to assemble ? 
acme 60004 vendome arm chair , cherry finish -- is the wood furniture made from a hardwood ? 2. are the joints tight fitting ? 3. are the joints glued ca 
is the leather black or brown ? 
is this item available and ready to ship ? 
is this item acme vendome 60004 arm chair are available and ready to ship ? 
how easily does it lay flat after being unrolled ? 
can someone please tell me the thickness of the mat ? the joseph and joseph website says it is 0.5cm ( 5mm ) thick and i believe that is wrong . thanks ! 
can you cut on this mat ? i would be using a knife 
is it okay to use metal cookie cutters on this mat ? it would be used by my kids . 
does this mat only have centimeter measurements ? does it also have measurement in inches ? 
where is it made ? 
what are the deminsions of the mat ? 
since it 's silicone , can it go in the oven ? 
can you use this with marshmallow fondant ? 
what 's the size of this mat ? 
is it ceramic , plastic , melamine ? ? 
how much do they hold ? 
what are these made of ? 
can this juicer handle leafy greens like kale ? 
does it come with the picher to capture juice 
does it leave soggy pulp ? 
how does this juicer work on wheatgrass ? 
does this come with the juicing pitcher as well , i just dont see it listed ? 
what is the difference between this model and the breville 800jexl juice fountain elite 1000 watt juice extractor 
does it handle greens 
would it work in israel ? 
nuts 
does this iron tend to drip during use ? 
does the iron have constant steam when ironing or just when you push the steam button ? 
does this iron get really hot ? am a quilter and really need a hot iron ! thanks ! ! 
how long until the auto shut off kicks in when it tips over ? 
does it have dual voltage or only 110v ac 
how does the vertical steam function work ? can this be used as a garment steamer ? 
does this have auto-shut off ? 
how many watts is it ? 
how well does the vertical steam work ? 
is it durable and have longevity 
does distilling the tap water remove flouride ? 
does the waterwise 9000 have a stainless steel condenser or an aluminum condenser ? 
where is this product made ? 
can anyone tell me the dimensions of the box ? these can ; t be shipped to hawaii so i am wondering if i can check them on an airplane ? 
what are the seat height of these barstools ? i maybe over looking it : ( 
can they be left outside to use on an outdoor bar ? 
how tall is the seat 
what is the bench weight capacity 
can you pop the top of and recover it ? 
can you tell me the length and width ? do you think this would work in an entry ? 
what are measurements of bench ? 
dimensions 
dimensions of bench ? 
is it duvet cover or comforter ? is pillow case included or not ? given information is not clear . 
what are the washing instructions on this item ? is it machine washable driable or does it need dry cleaning and or hang or flat dry ? 
is it full twin or what ? 
where can i get the thin plastic bars that go over the foil and wrap one was already broken when i opened up the package and the second one has broken 
the white plastic part inside broke right from the start , how can i get another one ? 
is it made of plastice or cardboard 
does the wrap come with the wraptastic 
how do you assemble unit 
what is the extra spring for ? 
i put in the plastic wrap , but it does n't cut . do i need to put this long white bar with circles on the end somewhere ? 
where can i purchase refills for wraptastic ? 
is there a way that this can be mounted on a wall or under a cabinet ? 
what brands and sizes of plastic wrap & amp ; aluminum foil fits ? 
i 'm looking for something to flip quesadillas . will this do the trick ? 
does it include flip jack batter pitcher , recipe guid , 8 '' orgreenic non-stick fry pan ? 
is the outside top surface of the item supposed to scratch ? after using for the first time non-aggressively both outside tops were scratched 
is this a deep enough pan to make veggie omelets 
can you cook to fry an egg then to flip it to cook the top side of the yoke with out the yoke breaking ? 
are the handles oven safe ? 
i wonder how good it would be to cook quesadillas in ? 
does this work on convection cook top ? 
how do you season these pots and pans ? 
what is the size of the pan ? 
where is it made ? 
how do you make non dairy yogurt and how do you make thick yogurt ? 
am i able to make yogurt from almond milk ? 
what are the dimensions of the jars ? 
what makes it stainless steel , is it the inside or outside of it or both ? i assume it has a plastic cover lid ... 
you add fruit puree after it is made ? why not before ? 
ok once i turned on the maker will the light blue always stay on and the hr light blinks until time is up ? 
does this come with a yogurt starter ? 
does the timer count down 
are the jars glass ? 
has it steel internal gears or plastic one ? 
i want to make my own cat food . will this grinder grind up chicken leg and thigh bones ? thanks 
hello , i am looking for a grinder ( which is of a decent price as such ) , but which would grind the row bones , since i am planning to make a home-made food for my cat . can this machine handle grinding row bones ? . thank you ! 
does it come with set of 3 sausage tubes & amp ; adaptor ? 
where can i get an operating manual for this meat grinder ? mine did not come with any directions . 
anybody use this make sausage ? easy to use ? 
can you buy sausage maker attachements ? if so where and what if possible are the item numbers ? 
is this actually a 2.6 hp motor , or is that just the `` rating '' ? 
what are the dimensions of this grinder ? 
which is the voltage ? 
how many bulbs does they have ? 
how can i tell if one of the bulbs is bad.it is not as hot as it used to be . 
how to replace the blub 
i have a edenpure trusted comfort a5093 rpe1500 with the sylvania 500 watt 115v j248 bulb need to see if this bulb will work 
how do you know which bulb is bad have very low heat 
just bought this machine last night and after a couple cups of coffee , each one tastes like plastic ... anyone else ? 
ok , i 'm confused ( easily done , btw ; - ) ... .does this machine accept all brands of `` regular '' k cups , but not reusable refill style cups ? thanks all ! 
does it have controls to produce hot water ? 
are the dispenser parts and water tank dishwasher safe ? 
does the keurig stop heating if the reservoir runs dry ? 
will this machine just dispense a cup of hot water so i can use a tea bag instead of the tea k cup ? 
what exactly is the water filter kit that is included ? 
besides the flavor cups , would i be able to refill using my own coffee ? which is the differences between k65 and k75 . thanks ! 
how long does it take to brew a cup ? 
can you use regular tap water 
can i get a cup of hot water without making coffee ? 
i 'm replacing an older keurig , are all the k cups the same size or does this model take bigger k cups ? 
what are the 5 cup sizes 
can you get hot water for cooking or soups ? 
is this the same as b70 ? 
is this model quieter than the previous ones ? 
what are the settings for brewing a cup of coffee 
does this item come with the 1 or 2 year warranty ? 
how do i turn off the automatic on system on the unit ? 
we just got the k75 unit and need to know if use a larger mug do we have to use more then one k-cup ? 
do you have to use keurig products only ? i found the perfect combination pack of coffee , cocoa , tea and cider but it is not keurig brand . 
can you make espresso and froth the milk with this machine ? thanks 
does it fit a travel mug 
does this model have a auto set timer ? i.e . you prep the machine with cup underneath the night before and set a time to auto brew at 6 a.m . 
does anyone know the actual height of the unit when closed ? i have read measurements ranging from 12 to 14 inches . thanks . 
what are the choices of capacity of the 5 options of cup size ? 
what is the height of the k75 when it is open ? 
what temperature does everyone brew their coffee ? mine seems to taste burnt with the default option . 
how many watts is this model ? 
what is the difference between this model and the b70 ? 
is this fg118 18-ounce damp-rid product unscented ? 
what space area is best utilized with this product size ? i need something that will work in a 10x10 metal storage unit . 
can this be used in the trunk of a auto without spilling when the auto is driven ? will this absorb moisture , prevent mildew in trunk of an auto used d 
do i take that paper off the top and put the pink lid back on ? 
is this refillable ? 
how do you dispose of it ? 
can this product be used inside of an rv refridgerator ? 
how does this juicer perform with greens like kale , collards , spinach , etc ? 
how loud is the vrt350x ? 
what is the warranty on this juicer and is it from the manufacturer ? 
i did n't recieve anything regarding the 7 year warranty with my order . do i need to register my purchase with the manufacturer ? 
can i get one work for 220 volts ? thanks ! 
the product description says 7-year warranty but the seller information states 2-year warranty . which is correct for the reburbished model ? 
the product description is not clear . is this the 350hd or the 350 ? the 350hd has the newer , heavy duty filter and that is the one that i want . 
any trouble with disassembly ? 
i ca n't get the bowl off . it 's stuck , anyone else have this problem ? 
can you tell me about the plastic quality used in this machine ? bpa ? 
what is the pan made of ? aluminum ? it does not look like chrome or stainless steel . 
what is the size ? i have a smaller toaster oven ? thank you . sue b 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can this be used in a regular oven under the broiler ? 
what is the metal ? aluminum ? steel ? what ? 
what are the dimensions ? ( why ca n't this be included in the description ? ) 
can the pan be used in a conventional oven ? 
what kind of non-stick coating was used ? 
what are the dimensions of the pan ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
can two people sleep on this ? 
what are the exact overall dimensions please 
is it possible to get the mattress back in the storage duffle bag it came in ? if so , any tips . 
is the cover removable or waterproof ? 
hi ! i am wondering the dimensions when it 's folded like in the picture ? i am also wondering the dimensions of the full , both open and when folded like a `` couch '' ? 
they do n't advertise that it takes 48hrs to expand . mine 's been out for 36 -- 2 sections are still totally flat . is it defective ? 
i weigh 210 lbs . i need to sleep on this bed all every night . is that possible ? 
can it be stored under a twin bed 
how much does the full mattress weigh ? can it fit in normal sized trunk ? 
is this decent for japanese type of sleeping where you fold it in daytime and use it to sleep nightly ? 
what kind of fabric are the sides made from ? is it a polyester knit that stretches or that papery poly fiber that melts if the dryer is too hot ? yt 
how deep is it ? 
what are the dimenstions ? i need a 36x80 and 6 inches deep . 
what depth mattress does it fit ? what are the real dimensions ? the one listed must be for the box 
how good is this product at removing cigarette smoke ? 
is this ozone free ? 
does it come ready to plug-in or do you have to put it together like 1 review complained about ? 
are the filters really washable with cleaner and water ? ( does not fall apart when wet ? ) 
how hard was it to assemble this product once you got it ? one comment indicated it 's too difficult . 
what is the warranty on this model ? 
is this good with pet dander ? 
can anyone tell me what the cadr is on this unit ? they claim good for 3500 sq ft home , but at what rate ? that does not sound right , efficient for 3500 
how noisy is this machine ? 
i have owned this unit for about two months . i see nothing inside to clean yet ? ozone seemed to go down on level one so cleaned plate and still weak . ? 
about how many standard size cupcakes fit on this stand ? 
how many inches inbetween the levels ? ie . what is the depth between layers ? 
shipping weight ? 
what is the diameter of the tiers ? 
what is the diameter of the tiers ? 
can pets be allowed in the area while it is running ? 
just got this , light does not appear to be working but timer is making some noise . how can you tell if this is working ? 
does this unit have a fan inside and , if so , what is the cfm rating . 
has anyone had a problem with the unit not shutting off ? my mother has one she turned it on about 2pm left and came home at 10pm it was still on . 
would it work to neutralize fresh paint odors ? 
do you know the dimensions of the box and the unit itself ? thanks jeff 
how soon after it shuts off can you reenter the space it was running in ? 
i bought this a year ago and love it . it seems to not be producing as much ozone anymore . does it eventually wear out or need new parts ? 
i want to use this ozone generator in my lab , to sterilize every surface or air . i do n't have windows and i do n't want to leave the door open and new 
is there any chemicals you have to purchase for this machine ? 
are these bpa-free ? 
are they light weight ? 
do these glasses have a ridge on the bottom that catches water in the dishwasher ? 
where are these made in ? 
do the lids snap on or screw on ? also do the lids seal tight to prevent leakage ? 
does the cup separate ? i am interested in customizing them . 
what company makes them ? is there a contact number or address on box ? 
are the straws dishwasher safe ? 
do you need to use the straw to drink from them ? 
does this set come with straws ? 
can you use them in the microwave ? 
is there only one lid or 6 lids ? 
how many food does it know ? i 've seen a couple other scales that advertize knowing 1999 foods , and 1000+ foods , but they can only weigh about 4-5 lbs . 
what are the dimensions of the scale , please ? 
what type of batteries does it use and how many ? 
is there a divider in the middle of this cabinet ? 
i see there is a center divider . what is the interior width and depth of the shelves ? 
is this color closer to a red or brown shade ? 
dimensions listed - but what is the length x width x height ? 
i would want to use this to sore different types of media ... i am wondering will my vinyl records fit in here with out getting damaged by the doors ? 
i 've been informed that this item is discontinued and it is hard to find being in stock ? can you confirm that you have this item in stock and how many ? 
do the shelves go all the way across or are there two separate sides ? 
what is the height from floor to the top shelf at the highest adjustment ? 
is assembly required on this unit ? 
the picture with the open door looks like the door does n't slide all the way over . does it ? if not , what 's the max . open space ? 
how long is the cord from the heater to the control ? 
now heater has stopped so need new one , it has been around 2 years but bed never got above 77 degrees ? 
my daughter , heather hamblin , bought this for us , ours does not heat the bed , constantly flashes , heats to 78 ? what did we do wrong ? 
what are the dimensions of the heating mat ? 
i have a king size soft side waterbed.can i use this heater with it ? 
will this heater accomadate a king size bed ? 
will the temperature light stop flashing when it reaches the correct temp ? 
can you tell me if you have to drain the waterbed or if you can put it between the boxspring and softside mattress ? my present one seems to sit there . 
does it fit a twin bed 
looks like alot of people are having the same problem with this product will amazon be helping any of the people that got the product and it wont heat up past 80 deg and innomax say to bad 
can you use this on pants or shorts without pockets too ? 
if you 're trying to pull your keys off with one hand ( without holding onto the clip with your other hand ) , does the clip come off your purse ? 
is this the price for one clip ? i have seen this products at other stores and as max , $ 4 per piece ? ? 
dose this come with the attachments or are they separate ? 
is the floor attachment safe for delicate hardwood floors ? 
does this come with the attachments ... mainly the beater bar brush 
come with caddy 
how powerful is it ? how many watts do each of them have i.e . 320,0319,3200 etc 
i really like this table , but i wanted something in an antique white or very light ecru . if i got this table would it be possible to paint it ? 
did you assemble it yourself ? or it came in like this ? 
is it real wood or glue together saw dust ? 
could this table be used as a small desk ? for a small laptop , a lamp and some books ? 
how much weight could this hold ? 
does this come pre-assembled ? 
dimensions 
is this white or cream in color ? 
what is the width of the table ? 
is the fan at least somewhat audible ? i just ordered the heater and i do n't hear any fan noise and it does n't seem to be heating . 
where are the control 's located ? 
how much square footage does this unit heat ? it 's driving me crazy that none of the heaters listed here or on wayfair have the square footage ! 
does this have a fan and how quiet is it ? 
will this work in the uk with the right adapter ? 
does it plug in or is there just a built in heater for it to work ? 
does this heater have an automatic shutoff component ? 
how far from the wall does this heater need to be when it is operating ? 
is this dual voltage ? i live in italy 
what dimensions ? 
where is it made ? 
dishwasher safe or hand wash ? 
does this cookware work on induction glasstop ? 
can you really use metal utensils ? how do these compare to le creuset cookware 
are the bottoms flat ? 
is it pfoa free ? 
i do n't understand the type of non-stick . is it like telflon ? tia ! 
can cooks standard 13 '' steamer for chef 's pan fit on top of another of the same steamer ? 
my pan measures 11 & amp ; a half inches will this steamer work with this pot 
can two of these be used , stacked on top of one another atop the cooks standard wok ? 
will this work with a different brand of 13 inch wok ? thanks ! 
i 'm confused , do you place this over the rim of the pot below ? 
will this steamer insert fit into another brand of cookware ? if yes , what 's the requirment of the pot ? i just want to purchase a steamer insert . ty 
what 's the height of this insert ? 
will this fit in the 13 '' wok ? i like to have a long handle on my wok . 
does this steamer ( model nc-00247 ) fit any all-clad or calphalon stainless steel pans or pots or dutch ovens ? 
i 'm trying to figure out which all clad products this will fit on 
what is the volume that this can hold ? how many quarts . thanks ! 
can this be used with 32cm cooks standard steamer pan ? is it an exact fit , or only approximate ? 
do the handles get hot when in use ? thanks ! 
please , where is this pan made ? thank you 
what is the height of the chef pan vs. the dome lid ? 
hello , what 's the measurement for the bottom ? 
can this be used as a wok ? how heavy is it to lift as i am a person with arthritis in my wrists , and need to know the weight without the lid . thanks in advance . 
what is the bottom diameter ? 
will it work on induction cooktop ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
where is it made ? 
fan 
can you put stuff on top of it ? 
how many quartz elements ? 
41 lbs is not portable to take downstairs to cellar office ? 
whats the warranty 
does this come with a shut off hose clamp that will allow you to stop flow to change bottles ? 
how is this at filtering sediment , especially in regards to dry-hopping ? 
how long is this siphon ? is it long enough for a 5-gallon carboy ? 
i am using this to fill my hot sauce bottles . what would i need to buy to use this siphon and how does it work ? 
how long is the glass tube ? 
how small of an opening will this fit into ? ( what is the diameter of it ? ) 
is it long enough for a 15-gallon carboy ? 
can you use this auto siphon for 1 gal carboys , thanks 
will this coffee maker work without the water filter installed ? we use filtered water already . 
is there a way to use paper filters and not use the gold filter ? 
how long to brew 14 cup pot ? 
is the same as cuisinart dcc-2600 ? 
what are all the dimensions ? 22 x ? x ? 
i am looking for a shelving unit to fit in a pantry closet . dimensions are 12.5 '' wide 22 '' deep x 53.5 high . hoping for at least a 4 rack unit . 
how wide is it ? 22 '' is not wide enough . i need about 30 '' 
do any units come less then 14 inches front to back 
as this is heavy duty what is the weight capacity per shelf ? the light duty weight capacity was 50-55 pounds . 
size 
measurements ? ? ? 
there are two answers about the size , which one is correct ? i need the small one , 22 '' is perfect and 34 '' is not fit for me . 
how many shelves does it come with ? 
how deep are the shelves ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
are the shelves removable ? what are the shelves made of ? 
are there gaskets needed with this or is the lid self-sealing ( i know it 's not for canning ) . 
does the wide mouth cap fit the 8 cup ( half gallon ) mason jar ? 
why are these so ridiculously expensive ? seven dollars per cap is outrageous . 
how can i remove the lids that are stuck on to my jars ? 
is this made out of bps plastic ? specifics of product 's composition please . 
what size drilled rubber stopper do you use with these to ferment food ? goes between the airlock and the recap lid 
where are these made ? 
are these lids airtight ? do they have a `` rubbber seal '' around the edge to create an airtight seal for the liquid you keep in the jars ? 
what is its size ? 
what is the country of manufacture ? i am leaning toward rubbermaid but if it is made in china then i will purchase the sterilite item instead ! 
how high is it ? 
why does it say `` usually ships in 4-5 weeks '' ? ? why so long ? 
clear as frosted or like glass ? if you 've had them a while : have they cracked easily ? other issues ? thanks in advance for your time and response . 
can someone please tell me how many can be stacked filled with clothing ? 
will these hold up in an attic subject to temperature differences ? 
are these a good size for school binder storage ? 
could someone give me the smallest inside dimensions ... i guess that would be the bottom inside . i have 24 '' x 6 '' shelves to transport . thanks ! 
can anyone tell me if they are able to stack one inside the other ? 
which measurement is the height and which the width ? 
are these external-dimension-equivilent to the old 96 quart snap toppers ? 
can someone clairfy the height & amp ; the width . on other sites they are switched from what is listed here . 
do you get four of the totes for the 64.97 
can it be used as only curtain ? extremely claustraphobic 
are there suction cups on the side ? 
what diameter are the grommet holes ? 
how many rings do you need with this curtain ? 
looking for decorative shower curtain for 10 ft ceiling 
do rings come along with the liner 
which dimension measurement is noted first length or width ? 
is this a seamless shower curtain ? 
is the first umber the length or the width ? is the 72 x 96 ... .72 inches in height and 96 in width ? 
are there magnets at the bottom ? 
is it really a `` bright gold ? '' not pastel-like as in the pic ? gold like the 4+ star rating next to it ? : - ( tia ! 
is the shower curtain machine washable ? 
will this go with brown rugs ? 
without the use of a liner , is the shower curtain opaque enough so ca n't see the naked person through the shower curtain ? 
is there a matching valence ? 
is there a smaller size available ? ? 
is it fabric or vinyl ? 
does it require a liner ? 
do they freeze well ? 
does the first ones poured in cook darker than last ones ? and is there a timer or beeper when done ? 
does the inside that you make the pops in come out for cleaning ? 
how many cake pops does this particular cake pop maker make at 1 time ? 
what is the size of this pack ? want to make sure it fits before buying . need a 4 '' x6 '' pack that weighs 1lb . the one i have busted . 
does this work as a replacement for the microcore in your lava seat warmers ? 
how long should this pack be heated in 1000 watt microwave ? 
i do n't have a microwave . can i put this in an oven ? 
hos long do you heat the non toxic liquid combination hot cold pack in the microwave ? 
how long do these keep food hot ? i was thinking of getting them to pack my kids lunches in an insulated lunchbox . 
where can i get a new case . the one i had was flanel material ? 
will this fit in a rachael ray carrier ? it does not have a bottom flap to put the hot pack in . can it just be put in the bottom of the carrier 
can i use them to make pot pies 
is there a lid available for these ? it can made of either a board or a plastic . 
what size are they 
how much volume do they hold ? 4oz ? 6oz ? 
how big are they ? 2 '' ? 3 '' ? 
what is the diameter ? 
how long will it take to receive these foil cups ? thank you ! 
will these foil cups make standard size cupcakes or mini cupcakes ? 
would these work for flan as a dessert after a heavy meal such as corned beef and cabbage ? 
what are the dimensions of these foil pans ? one person here says 1.25 `` depth and 3 1 8 `` top . another says they are only 7 8 `` deep . 
what is the purpose of the screw on top ? do you have to tighten it to keep the hook in the closed position ? 
is this for 3 hooks or just 1 hook ? picturing 3 , but no reference in description . thanks ! 
how much weight does it hold ? 
how wide is the hook ? 
how far out does the hook project ? 
weight and length ? ? ? ? 
3 for 19.99 ? at ikea they are 3 for 9.99 ... it is a typo ? 
thank you for answers . follow-up : if the screw extends enough to slip into the indent , does it scratch the top of the hook on its way to the indent ? 
can someone tell me what shirt the lady in the picture is wearing ? 
i am wondering if any who own this vacuum have cats and if it picks up liter or just throw it out the back like my current vac ? 
heppa 
does it clean carpet and bare floors ? 
how often do you have to buy a new filter ? how often does the washable one need washed ? 
the handle keeps on detaching from the body of the vacuum . anyone have tips for this other than tape ? and how do i use the attachments hose ? 
does it clean hardwood floors 
is this vacuum hard to push as i permanent nerve damage to my left side . i am hoping that this vacuum is lightweight . 
does it work on tile and wood floors 
what are the dimensions of the bottom of the vacuum ? ( how much actual floor space does it occupy ? ) 
how much pork ribs will fit in it ? 
what are its actual power requirements ? i see that it needs 110-120v , but what current or power ( watts ) ? 
does it come with a recipe book , or manual to explain how to use this oven ? 
do you have to light the wood chips before insering the pockets or is there some kind of self-ignitor that does it ? 
is there . a two rack for this item 
i live in an upstairs apartment with an outside balcony . could i use this smoker on my balcony ? maybe place it on a metal table ? 
can you use this to warm up pre cooked barbeque to serve on a bun . 
can you use stovetop smoker shaving 
is anyone else 's running hotter than indicated ? when i set mine at 250f ( for smoking a brisket ) , the oven thermometer i placed inside it read 310f . 
has anyone tried using hardwood pellets instead of wood chips ? how well did it workout ? anyone tried a combination of wood chips and pellets ? 
does it come with bag ( s ) ? 
what is the model number for the bags ? 
how is it on carpets ? does it clean well ? 
how much does it weigh 
power in amps 
can this be used to clean a computer cpu and keyboard ? 
can anyone tell me what the difference is between the bagless and the bagged besides the obvious one takes a bag and one does n't ? ? ? thanks ! ! 
how long is the cord ? 
about what length is the hose ? 
does this have an air exhaust that blows hot air out ? will it blow around debris like dust , dirt , or hair clippings if not aimed carefully ? 
what is the length of the cord ? does it come with a tubular extension to reach cobwebs at ceiling height ? what other tools does it come with ? i 
how powerful is it ? how many amps . ? how is it on very thick and high carpet ? ty . 
how noisy is it ? 
does the beater brush at the bottom tend to get clumped up with pet hair ? ( not the brush itself , but the axle part that needs to rotate ) 
what is the difference in features between the 9595 and the 3918 ? 
how is it on bare floors ? 
is the inner compartment red or pink ? ? 
what cleaning attachments come with this model ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does this product come with a filter included ? and how long does one filter usually last before having to buy another one ? 
on mug , is mickey on both sides ? for a lefty . 
is the mug microwave and dishwasher safe ? 
it works for 220v ? 
do you have to plug in or is it cordless and battery operated 
is the mug included ? hope so , the price is high for some reason and they look great together ! 
how long does it take to warm a cold drink ? 
is there a lighted indicator when warmer turned on ? 
i saw made in usa and made in china answers so where is it manufactured ? 
is the plug a 2 prong or 3 prong ? 
is this a right hand mug or left hand ? 
what size are these pans ? 
for those that have had this set for more than one year : are they still working well ? still as non stick as day one ? 
are these pans oven safe ? what is the difference between these and the professional scanpan ? 
no mention of the sizes on the two scanpan fry pans ? 
is there really a lifetime warranty and could someone share the details ? 
is green tek ceramic-titanium ? 
where are these pans made ? 
are they used on ceramic stove tops satisfactorily 
i understand this is not a coated pan . but ca n't find info that i am interested in knowing . what is the material of the pan and is it scratch resistan 
what are the sizes of the pans ? 
will this work with two side walls but no back wall ? 
does the paint on the rods chip ? 
what do i need to connect 2 of these together to make a longer expansion ? 
can this item be used if only one side will be against a wall ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
how i have to fold the organazer for storage it ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does this painting has a 3d effect ? 
is the background white or beige and is the trunk of the tree brown or black ? 
does this print come in a larger size ? 
i would like the same pairing but the tree facing the other way so i can hang them together , can you make that for me ? 
i know it says you dont ship internationally , but can you make exceptions ? i need it shipped to germany . thanks ! 
why does it say the price is 32 and then when you order it the price is 54 ? 
i just ordered this , could you make it look just like the picture or very close to it . how big is the picture ? 
i love the painting . i just want it to be close to the painting shown as possible 
how do i request a different leaf color ? 
how many ounces do the mugs hold ? 
are they dishwasher and microwave safe ? 
what colors come in the 16 piece set ? are they a mix of all 4 colors or all the same ? 
do they chip or crack easy ? 
where are they made ? 
what size is dinner plate in this set ? 
what are these plates made out of ? 
do they chip easy ? 
will the straw fit through the hole in the 24 oz . tervis tumbler lid ? 
how strong are they ? i 've had trouble with them breaking because the ice sticks together so strongly that when i twist the lid to close , they break . 
do they fit the venti starbucks cup ? 
are these straws at least 12 inches tall standing ? ? 
are these think walled and are they 6mm ? 
will these fit and work with the rubbermaid 32 oz sip style refillable water bottles ? 
do these straws come in different diameters ? 
are the rubber stoppers moveable or fixed ? 
are these straws safe to use in hot liquids like coffee or tea ? 
will these straws fit contigo shake and go ? are they strong enough to keep lid opening open to drink from ? 
which direction does the drawer opens to ? looks like it opens towards the same direction as the two storage drawers below the bed . please confirm . 
is there a trundle bed underneath 
do you think a pillow top full mattress would work for the bottom bunk ? would prefer not to purchase another full mattress since we have one already . 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
how would you ever make the top bunk ? ? this does not look like it is very user friendly ? ? 
is this bag machine washable ? 
can it fit a portable water bottle , a can of juice , a portable thermos stainless coffee cup , a lunch tupperware and snacks all in this one bag ? 
is 13 inches the entire length from bottom to the top of the handle ? what is the length from the bottom to the closure ? how tall of a thermos fit ? 
does it smell okay ? ( some items like this will let off a noxious scent at first . ) 
is it waterproof ? can i use ice cubes instead of an ice pack ? 
would a rubbermaid lunch blox kit fit in this ? 
how good is it at keeping things cold ? 
can this also be a baby bottle carrying bag ? 
what is the dimensions of this bag . 
what are the dimensions of this bag ? 
does this bag zip closed ? 
can it fit a regular sized water bottle and some tupperware lunch containers ? 
does this bag actually weight 5lbs ? 
can this lunch bag keep food warm if i put something hot warm in it ? 
can this bag be folded and made smaller to fit into a backpack ? 
does this fit rubbermaid lunchblox ? 
where is this bag made ? 
sorry i do n't understand what does the cooler mean . i want to find a lunch box to keep my lunch hot instead of cold , can it work to keep warm ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
what size is it ? 
i read the reviews and want to make sure it is really thermos . does the cooler lunch sack have the blue flex a guard material in it ? 
what are the internal dimensions of this cooler ? 
can i order this in a soft lilac purple ? 
what size is this picture ? please 
i saw feedback about people getting paintings that are not like the picture . i love the one that i see in the listing . can i buy the one pictured ? 
what color is the frame it comes with ? 
are there wires for hanging immediately ? let me know what type of hanging method provided with this item . 
hello . really love this item . are there wires for hanging immediately ? let me know what type of hanging method provided with this item . thank you . 
what color is the frame ? can i get it in black or gray ? 
can i get this picture made larger ? 
is this painting available with blue or orange leaves ? how big is it ? 
is there anyway i can see a more up close photograph of this image ? i am trying to make out the colors and image of the leaves flowers hanging ? 
is the bottom width 5.4 or 2.9 ? am trying to figure out if it will fit on my sink . 
i do n't live in the states and ca n't buy simplehuman soap . can i use other brand ? for example dettol handsoap ? 
how many ounces is the soap sample packet that comes with the dispenser ? 
i have a mac and ipad , no pc ; does this usb cord work with that ? thanks . 
does this have a see-through part like the other one ; if not , is there a way to find out how much soap left ? thanks . 
how long does it take to recharge ? ? 
is there any way to mount this on a wall , maybe with some kind of wall bracket ? 
the soap dispenser will obviously get wet and wont this affect the charge ? 
i plan to use this next to a vessel sink . how tall is the 11 oz model ? 
what type of rechargeable battery does this use ? ni-cad or li-ion ? will the battery be replaceable after years of use ? 
how do you clean it ? 
how do you set the timer so your coffee is ready in a.m. ? 
replacement carafe ? 
is their a gold tone filter permanent basket that is compatible with this coffeemaker ? 
how long can you program to keep coffee warm ? 
how do you get rid of plastic taste ? 
does anyone have a problem with the basket overflowing ? 
may i get a replacement carafe ? 
is this coffeemaker bpa free 
we purchased the cm4000s on 1-14 2014. for the money it is a fine looking unit . the problem is the clock gains 2hours each l2 . hour period .we live 80 miles from target . please tell me how to fix the clock ... thank you 
what type of coffee is best to use ? 
what is the differencebetween this & amp ; the fcp280 ? 
does black and decker make these farberware prcolators 
is the body of the pot stainless steel or aluminum ? 
does the farberware 8cup percolator make only 8 cups or does it make 2-8 cups . 
can this percolator be submersed in water for cleaning ? 
how do you clean it ? 
is is 500watt or 1000watt 
it says this is an 8 cup percolator but can you make 4 cups in it instead , will it work that way ? never had a percolator 
is there a light that lets you know when it 's ready ? 
can this be hand operated if the battery ( ies ) run ( s ) down ; before you get replacements that is ? also what kind of battery does this use ? 
does it rust ? 
can this be used as a hand lotion dispenser ? 
the red light is on and it wo n't dispense soap . what do i do ? 
does anyone know if the sponge holder can be removed for easy cleaning ? 
how long does the batteries last on an average ? 
i cant seem to turn it on ? it says to hold down the plus and place your hand under nozzle , but nothing ? any tips ? 
what is the color ? thx 
what the dimensions 
would this work with `` foaming '' soap instead of traditional liquid ? 
rack size ? 
( 1 ) does it have top brown only ? ( 2 ) can i bake a potato in it without burning the top ? 
does it get hot on the top ? how hot ? 
how is it for baking potatoes ? or a small pan of muffins ? ( my mom is 81 , lives alone and needs something small she can use for her small meals ) 
does it toast both sides at same time ? 
does the bottom of the unit get too hot for direct placement on countertop ? thanks ! 
size 
what is the actual depth from back wall , both with and without the handle ? some toaster ovens have protrusions from the back that make the distance from the wall greater . i 'm just looking for how far it will stick out onto the counter . 
does the toaster stop ( i.e . the heating element goes off ) when the door is opened ? 
does it make a `` ding '' noise when turned off or timer goes off , and if so can it be disconnected ? 
whats the difffrence from the 12 cup faberware for $ 59.95 ? 
i bought my pot in april and it quit working today . is there any warranty or replacement ? it quit heating and percolating . 
is the inside stainless or aluminum ? 
does the coffee basket have a top on it 
i there a warrenty on this farberware coffee pot ? 
automatic shutoff ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
does this come with a flat or rounded power cord 
is the heating element stainless or aluminum ? 
is it submersible 
information provided for this item indicates the motor is 450 watts . other sites list the motor as 500 watts . which is it ? 
how many speeds does it have ? 
my current stick blender splatters liquids unless it is submerged several inches . can you blend shallower liquids without this stick splattering ? 
do i really need the protection plan fot this 
what is the max depth of the blender stick attachment ? 
what exactly attachments made of ? are they stainless steel ? thank you . 
crush ice ? 
what kind of popcorn does it use ? 
is it stainless steel inside ? 
does it use jar popcorn or do you need a packet ? 
does it stir automatically , or do you have to turn the crank ? 
how tall is it ? how many cups does it pop ? 
does it sit on a kitchen counter while in use ? 
what are the red buttons on right side of top ? looks like a light bulb and the other not sure what that 's for 
how many kilowats of electricity does it use ? 
does it leave any unpopped corn or it pops all the corns ? 
can you make glazed popcorn . 
what size filter does this use ? 
does this item have a big starbucks logo or mark somewhere on it or is it plain and simple as depicted ? thanks ! 
$ 500 for this ? you 're joking , right ? 
i have the same question . does a magnet stick to the bottom ? i have a induction cook top and need to know if the pan is magnetic 
what 's the size of pancakes it makes ? 
can be used on induction cooker 
how will it ship ? ups or usps . zip code is 97303 
can you turn it over and cook on the flat part ? 
what is dimension of pancake ? 
does this come with the batter dispenser ? 
i do n't get it . this seems like such a ridiculous , unnecessary item . why do you need a special pan to cook round pancakes ? 
what is the weight of it ? ? ? 
can i use it for eggs ? 
what type of heating element does it use ? 
what 's the difference between this and the breville lift and look , bta630xl , apart from white vs. steel and $ 80 vs. $ 180 ? 
what is ths difference between this and breville bta820xl ? 
does the mfr say that it is supposed to be unplugged after each use ? 
are there any toasters in this long style , that would allow you to toast in one slot only , when chosen ? 
how deep ( tall ) are the slots in the toaster ? 
why does this toaster cost $ 100 more than other models ? i have n't seen anything that explains its higher price . is it the heating element ? 
has anyone owned this for more than a year or two , and are you still happy with it ? 
can you just use one slot at a time ? 
if i toast a small piece of bread am i going to have to go fishing for it or does it rice nicely to the surface so i do n't have to risk burning myself 
is this product compatible with the breville je98xl juice fountain plus 850-watt juice extractor ? 
if thrown in compost , how long until the bag dissolves ? 
is this product compatible with the breville bje510xl juice extractor ? 
horse power . ? 
i have : breville bje200xl compact juice fountain . does anyone know how to fit the bags in it ? there is no juice 'bin ' , its on top . 
i 'd like to use these in the 1 gallon countertop compost jar keep it clean ( like a trash can liner ) . what are dimensions of these bags ? 
is there a big hole in the middle of the potato ? i actually want to put a skew thru it . 
how come some eople find it good and some do not . there is a great lack of seriousiness involving this product . how come some can and some can not . is this product handicapping ? 
i see people are complaining about the instruction manual being only 3 pictures ... is that all ? 
does this spiral cutter have a suction cup to attach it to the counter to stop it from moving ? 
how can i operate it 
how many different blades does this machine come with ? 
would it do strings the size of thin spagetti ? 
can this product be used to bake bacon in the oven ? will the grease damage it , and will it keep the bacon from getting crispy ? 
what size baking sheet does this fit ? 
country of origin ? 
what is the dimensions for the cup ( and saucer ) ? 
what is the dimensions for the cup ( without the saucer ) ? 
is this microwave and dishwasher safe ? 
how many cups are there ? is it just one cup and one saucer ? or is it 2 cups and 2 saucers ? 
is this fan one that will be in the recall ? 
what 's the difference between the am05 & amp ; am04 ? 
is this strong enough to cool down a 1 car garage ? i live in arizona where it gets hot ! ( the garage can get up to 125 degrees when the sun is on it ) 
does it come with a remote control ? 
does this work effectively to cool a hot bedroom ? 
how low the temperture go on it ? want it to use to heat a workshop at night to keep a temperture at aroung 50 degrees 
what is the recommended maximum room size the am04 or am05 can cope with effectively ? 
how many w 
can i plug this device on a programmable electric timer ? ( i.e . while in heating mode , does it still work after unplugging then plugging back ? ) 
voltage 
what is voltage range please ? 
does this have an auto function so that it will turn off on as needed to maintain the temperature you set ? 
how well does the cooling system work ? 
are the dyson cool heaters bird safe ? 
are the dyson amo5 hot cool heaters that are currently available on amazon post-recall models ? that is , has dyson resolved the problem in these ? 
would this work with a wall switch ? or do you have to flip the switch and then turn the fan on as well ? 
i like the sound of a fan when i sleep . does this sound like a fan ? 
what is the serial # ? want to make sure it is not on the recall list . 
what is the dimension of the shipping package as i have been calculating fee for my shipping to hk using another carrier . 
is it quiet enough to use in an office and hold conference calls without it being heard ? 
would you buy this for home use ? it is a lot less expensive than many of the others . 
is it dual voltage ? will it work in europe ( 220v ) ? 
can you use tap water ? 
what are the dimensions ? height , width & amp ; depth 
what are the dimensions of the steamer ? is it a good size for travel ? 
it can run on 220 volts ? ? ? 
is this dual voltage ? 
how do you clean it ? 
size 
is it padded ? 
does it have any chemical smell ? 
does this have any hooks for anchors on the corners ? we want to take it to the beach , but need some way to hold it down . 
is this blanket heavy enough to not get blown around by the wind ? 
is this blanket waterproof ? 
is this blanket machine washable ? 
can this be machine washed on cold water setting ? no dryer of course because it would melt . 
camp 
what are the dimensions when folded ? 
cherry red or red orange 
are they weatherproof ? i am looking for barstools , we can use outside . 
can you please give me the hight ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat ? is it 16 x 16 , or is that the spread of the legs ? 
i am trying to clarify the height . we need the seat to be 24 '' off the floor . are these 24 '' or 30 '' off the floor ? 
what is the max weight capacity ? 
has anyone used these on hardwood floors ? do they scratch ? 
can this stool be used for outdoor seating ? 
would this stick to a fiberglass tub 
one reviewer said they were thick . i want to use these on stairs on a stool for a toddler . will they stick up much where would catch on the shoe ? 
has anyone tried to remove these ? will they come off easily when my little one is older without ruining our tile ? 
how many come in an order ? two circles ? 
if i order more than one set of the circles at the same time , am i going to pay $ 7.99 shipping for each set ? i know it does n't cost $ 23.97 to ship 
the answer above says they have adhesive on the back . is it permanent ? if not , how do i get them off , will i be able to put them back on later ? 
it is hard to tell what the colors are , and it seems they are not all shown . is there a royal blue and white set ? 
hi ... do these have suction cups underneath ? im looking for mats that do not ! ! ! also , if i choose a color , how many are in a set ? 
7 pounds ? ... .how many circles are those ? what size are they ? 
can these circles be pulled up to clean or to reposition ? 
just unpacked our topper and half of it is pink and half of it is blue . why ? is the pink side the memory foam or the blue ? amazon pics are only blue . 
what is the density 
does it include a cover 
how about density 
is this topper really cool to sleep on through the night or are the claims marketing hype ? 
can these be cut with scissors to fit a curved wall ( of an airstream camper ) ? 
does anyone find this product too firm ? 
can the topper be used over a sofa bed mattress ? will i be able to fold it into the sofa when closed ? if not , would it be too cumbersome to store ? 
trying to put this on top of a facial bed . was wondering would it be possible to cut it in half ? 
the topperit say it 60x80 . but it 's 57x76 . does it get bigger ? it 's to small for r queen sides bed . 
what are its dimensions , especially height 
is the bottom made of mesh like the sides ? 
i am trying to use this with a percolator . is the stem in the middle hollow so that i can clip off the top and let the hot water shoot through it ? 
does this filter fit the bunn bt 10 cup coffee maker 
is this coffe filter compatible with oster 3302 ? 
will this be able to handle the water flow of a 13 cup commercial bunn-o-matic smart wave coffee maker ? 
what is maximum expanded diameter 
what materials 
is the mesh in this filter stainless steel ? 
will it fit bunn coffee makers 
are the pillows attached ? 
what 's this size for each one 
what are the dimensions of the two pieces together ? is 82 '' one side plus 39 '' for a total width of 121 '' ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? & # xff08 ; not the packaging size & # xff09 ; 
how much weight do the chairs hold ? 
is this just the table or does it come with chairs 
what are the dimentions of this table ? , please 
is it on coasters ? it looks like it is but it 's hard to tell . 
how much it cost for just the 4 chairs ? 
i asked amazon if this global furniture d551 comes with 4 chairs and they replied yes . which is it just table or table and chairs ? 
are the legs polished or brushed stainless steel 
is this product come with everything that are showing in the picture 
i bought this product but the box was missing assembling instructions 
what is the table lengt , with and height ? 
can you tell me if there is any storage ; like a hidden door or shelf storage ? really nice looking , but i ca n't tell from the photos ... 
it says black but base in the pic looks more like brown . is it indeed black ? 
the length mentioned is 88 inches , is that correct information ? 
what is the real size of the table ? long & amp ; width ? 
why is the picture with brown legs and the description with withe legs ? is it withe or brown legs ? 
hi . i have a 20 month old and she climbs on everything . is the lower shelf sturdy and well secured ? she is about 25 pounds . 
i have received the shipment of this table today but i have not received the glass top of the table in the shipment . 
what is exact color ? - it says dark walnut here but at a different site it says black . 
what is the table height ? 
i know this is an odd question , but what is the height of the metal poles supporting the glass top ? 
can anyone who 's had the table for over 6 months as their `` main '' coffee table comment about how it 's holding up ? getting it for my new house and just want to make sure it 's durable . thanks ! 
what is the length of the table 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
is there a matching end table ? 
could you give the dimensions of the coffee table as well as the end table ? i have a small apartment . need to be sure they can fit . thanks 
what is the thickness of the glass ? 
where can replacement parts be ordered from 
size of room it will be able to heat in the cold wisconsin area nwest ? 
has anyone been able to compare these to the `` ecoheater ? '' i was curious which would do better at heating 
why are you selling a heater for $ 333 when the manufacturing company sells the same one for $ 139 ! ! ! ! 
i have a 16x23 fnished basement open floor plan . it 's a few degrees too cold by the windows . anyone using these in a similar situation ? 
does everyone use this with some type of programmable outlet thermostat ? i 'm trying to use the built in one and the temp is all over the place . 
how loud or quiet is the heater when running ? 
can plug and unplug 120volt nevi 
can i unplug to move unit 
8x10 addition ... will this at least keep pipes from freezing within the wall that it would be mounted on , if mounted over the location of the pipes ? ty 
how many amps does this draw ? 
is this tray microwave safe ? 
is the price per dozen ? or a single tray 
hey chef hershey how many trays do customers get for the listed price ? ? ? none of your cafeteria tray listings here on amazon specify quantity ! 
does `` nsf '' mean `` not food safe '' ? 
is this the price for a case of trays ? how many trays would i receive ? 
what country is this comforter made in ? 
is it machine washable ? 
what is the dimension ( l x w ) of the comforter ? 
i 've been looking for a soft flannel comforter for years . is the exterior really flannel ? 
i need a double size flannel quilt . do you have any ? i love this one for a gift . 
does it make noise ? can it hold up in winter ? 
on your flannel ivory blue twin comforter , it says the shell is 100 % cotton and the filling is polyester . so where is the flannel ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is this just the filter ? do i need to purchase the pod also to be able to use my own coffe ? 
what 's the difference between this , the v1 and the v2 ? 
what is the different between v1 and k cups ? 
can i use this filter in the keurig vue 600 ? 
does it make a large strong cup of coffee ? the b70 i have to use the 2nd highest and the smallest setting to fill my travel mug ( and then its weak ) . 
can you buy this coffee in stores cause i ca n't find it 
vue600 reusable coffee pods 
can this be used with keurig 2.0 ? 
how long have you been using the solofill v1 , do you get coffee grinds in your cup and has using this product damaged your keurig vue ? 
will this work as is in the vue machine ? purchasing as a gift and want to make sure this will work . thanks 
dimensions ? 
what is the height between the bottom shelf and the cabinet . i want to put my printer on the bottom shelf 
are these quality pieces or do they feel flimsy ? 
what is the height between the floor and the bottom of the bottom shelf ? 
how many shelves are there behind the doors ? is it big enough inside a dvd player and cable box ? thank 
is the back finished so it can be used from both sides ? 
what is the ashley # on this console ? 
in the description above it say product is 45 in height . then you say it 's only 30 ? ? 
how is this item shipped ? does it arrive via freight or ups fedex ? 
are a headboard and footboard required for the product to function properly ? will it still stand up without them ? 
when will this item be back in stock ? 
can this be shipped to south africa ? 
hi i dont get this product properly , em is the just the hello kitty head with the arms and legs and then u attach it to the bed ? 
i want to know if you can get it in queen size ? 
does this wok work on gas stoves ? 
does this wok need to be seasoned ? thanks . 
ok , is this `` wok stir fry '' pan any different than the 11 '' frying pan ? i have the 11 '' frying pan but would like something a little deeper . 
does the 11 inch lid for the frying pan also fit this pan ? 
how wide is the diameter of the bottom of this pan ? 
what 's the diameter on the bottom for the 11 inch one ? 
will this wok work well on my small electric burner ? i only have one large burner so need a pan that fits the small one . 
what is its tall and the diameter of the base ? 
is this wok oven safe 
dishwasher safe ? 
the description says it is for a i9300 ( which is an 'unlocked ' s3 ) . i have an s3 from sprint which has a model # sph-l710 . will this be compatible ? 
does the keyboard clip on to the case so that it stays in place while typing on the go ? 
can i text with it ? 
this keyboard work on samsung galaxy s3 mini ? 
will this work on a verizon lte 4g galaxy s 111 samsung 
can you still take pictures 
my samsung s3 is a sgh-t999 . will this device work with my phone ? 
i 've got an undermount sink , so no edge to deal with . is there enough angle on this to allow the water to drain into my sink ? 
since it 's made out of silicone , i assume it 's also heat resistant . yes ? 
if you twist or pinch the silicone does the color turn to white ? 
do i have to peel oranges and core apples with this one ? 
does this machine extract the pulp or does it pulverise it into the juice ? 
does it do wheatgrass and other greens 
can you do smoothies on this particular model ? 
what 's the difference between different wattages ? 
does is come with a a recipe book ? 
can i use carrots in this juicer 
does it come with a cup to place in front of the juicer ? 
can this make bannana juice from banannas , or does it come out like a smoothie ? 
duel voltage ? or just 110 ? 
where does the pulp go ? ? ? 
i am trying to decide between the 700 watt and the 850 watt . i thought i read that the 700 watt is a lot harder to clean . is that true ? 
i 'm a newbie but i want something that i can cram pineapples , apples , carrots , etc in w out hassle . is this a good fit ? can i eat the pulp ? 
ca n't find a replacement juice jug ! 
is this easy to clean ? dishwasher safe ? 
does it juice leafy greens 
is it like drinking from a cup ? or sipping thru the little opening ? 
does this mug perspire ( get water droplets ) on the outside ? 
what is the interior like ? i have the sm-khe48 , and the interior is stainless steel , not coated , like certain other zoji food drink products . 
has anyone washed the separated pieces of the lid in a dishwasher ? 
does this have a 'flip ' type lid ? as in ; does it cover where you drink from securely and completely ? 
does it feel warm on the outside if you put hot water inside ? 
does anyone use this for driving ? how much does the lid obscure your view ? thank you all ! 
does the paint come off ? thank you very much ! 
how tall is the mug ? 
what is the difference between the travel mug and the vacuum mug ? 
what is the non-stick material made out of ? i purchased without thinking and i 'm leaning towards returning it . 
zojirushi says no hot chocolate in the mugs , which was why i bought it . water coffee tea are ok. is anyone using hot chocolate and any issues . 
what 's the difference between this one and zojirushi sm-sa48 ? which one is newer model ? 
where can i find a rubber band replacement for this mug ? i love my mug , but i accidentally lost the rubber band after i cleaned it ! 
what 's the difference between this one and zojirushi sm-khe48nl ? 
is the pink champagne an actual pink color ? or more of a beige-like color ? because it does n't look that pink in the picture . 
can you put it in the dish washer ? 
it 's made in japan ? 
does non stick coated interior mean it is n't made of stainless steel inside ? 
would this be suitable for a kid ? could it be considered tough to open or close for a 6 year old girl ? 
where is made ? 
is it bpa free ? 
what is the non-stick coating ? teflon ? 
how tall is this mug 
does this fit in a keurig ? i have a 16oz version and it 's too tall . thanks ! 
does anyone know the difference between the zojirushi sm-khe48ba vs zojirushi sm-kb48tm and what that means for the consumer ? 
will the color of the bottle chip off in the long term ? because this is common on colored stainless steel bottles . unlike the plain silver one . 
is the top of the mug hinged to the body of the mug , as being attached and one piece ? 
how well does this prevent leaks in the case of it laying sideways in a bag ? also , is the flavor of the previous beverage retained with just a rinse ? 
where is the mug manufactured ? 
what is the composition of the nonstick interior ? 
is tris product made in china ? 
does it eliminate condensation on the outside ? also , does it come in larger than 16-oz ? 
i saw that some zojirushi mugs are not so easy to drink directly from . how does this one work ? i 'd rather not unscrew the whole top to drink coffee 
does it have a matte or glossy finish ? 
what size are the baskets ? 
is the metal a shiny chrome or more of a brushed nickel finish ? 
how much fruit can this basket ( s ) hold ? 
how tall is this fruit holder ? 
how would it look to put a chain & amp ; hang it ? i only want a 2 tier basket ! 
how tall is it ? 
does it work with 220v ? or just 110 ? 
how much power does this blender use ? 
where is the blender made ? thanks . 
i want to make catfood for an old cat . i 'd like to use it on small pieces of chicken fish , and not get a liquid result . would this be possible ? thx 
do you have to hold the button down to use it or is it an on off switch ? 
how long is power cord ? 
how long is the cord ? 
is it bpa-free ? 
is the detachable blade part dishwasher safe ? 
can you just buy a replacement shaft blades ? i had the same problem as many reviewers and would rather replace that than the whole unit . 
glass or plastic ? am trying to eliminate plastic . 
does it work with himalayan salt ( the pink stuff ) ? 
what are dimensions - height and diameter 
can i grind peppers corns in this grinder 
can you grind spices in this , particularly harder ones like cardamon ? 
is this made of glass ? 
how about for grinding flax seeds ? 
is there a difference between the cooks standard nc and the multi ply cooks standard ? 
where are these made , country of origin ? 
has anyone cooked rice for 15 people in the 8 quart covered stockpot ? did the rice work out okay ? or was it uncooked by the time you got done ? thanks . 
going back and forth steel vs glass lids . any regrets buying set with glass lids ? 
are these non-stick ? thanks . 
do these have measuring guides on the inside of the pots ? 
are the lids also made of stainless steel ? 
are the lids glass or stainless steel ? 
do any of the lids fit on the frying pans ? 
do the lids also fit the frying ( saute ) pans ? 
i read somewhere that stainless steel should be seasoned . am i crazy ? 
can this cookware be used on induction range tops ? 
considering this set or the cuisinart 77-10 chef 's classic stainless 10-piece cookware set , any suggestions ? 
do the lids have vent holes or are they solid ? 
do the stock pot and saucepan lids fit the skillets ? 
can the steamer insert be used in the 8-quart stockpot as a pasta strainer ? or is it only intended to be a steamer in the 3-quart ? will it fit both ? 
i 've only ever used non-stick pans ... i feel like i would burn everything i cooked and ruin these pans in a heartbeat . any advice ? 
what is the size of each pan in the set ? 
why does n't the item description have the pot and pan dimension and pot capacity on it . how can you buy a set of pots withoput knowing this ? ing 
can these pans be put into the oven ? i already know that the tops should n't be . 
please describe by length , width , and height exactly how big this table is when one of the leaves are extended . 
can the surface get wet ? 
do you have it in black ? ? ? ? 
i got the product yesterday , but it does not have any assembly instructions in it , do they come separately or can i find them online ? 
can you please advise what are the exact dimensions of this table when it is not expanded ? 
can this unit be plugged into an extension cord ? 
can this be plugged in a regular outlet ? 
how many watts 
is it relatively quiet ? 
will it heat a 2 car garage ? 
have somebody staying in an rv and propane too expensive . you think this would work for a 3 slide-out 5th wheel ? 
including the handle how tall is the heater ? 
is this an automatic shutoff or can i run it past 80 degrees ? 
what does it mean when the caution light comes on and it stops working ? i bought this in 2011 and it has done this twice now in the past month . 
can it be plugged in using a cigarette lighter 
do the fingers break ? 
how thick is this mat ? 
are the `` fingers '' cone shaped or are they rounded ? 
dishwasher safe top rack ? 
will this be good for drying dishes , glasses after washed ? 
my turbo brush does not work on rugs like it is suppose to . am i doing something wrong ? can you use turbo on wood floors ? 
does the wand clip onto the canister body so it can be stored fully upright with minimal footprint ? 
where can i order a replacement for the hardwood floor attachment ? 
how do i get the owners manual for the gv x12 ? 
can you turn off the brush roll on the vacuum head and just use suction power ? my long hair always destroys brush rollers . 
i get an asthma attack every time i vacuum and am on the lookout for a vacuum that keeps the allergens in . is this one effective 
is it suppose to heat like a oven when in use ? 
manual 
does this vacuum have a blower port ? 
where do i get replacement bags 
are they tippy when empty ? 
is 14.2 '' the height , 13.5 `` the width and 10.5 '' the depth ? 
what are the dimensions of a bin ? 
was wondering how tall these are when stacked , just want to know if they 'll fit in my freezer.thanks 
do you sell bags that fit in these bins so they do n't get messy ? do plastic grocery bags fit , or would those be too small ? 
what is composition ? will plastic stand up to being frozen the stressed when lifted ? 
hi ! i live overseas and would like to order this set of four bins to organize my deep freeze . do they stack into each other for packing in luggage ? 
what type plastic ( recyle code # ) are they ? will theyget brittle and crack if frozen ? 
the description says `` recycled plastic '' but do they say if they are pet , pete , pe-hd , pp , or ps ( or maybe they 're just some heinz-57-mystery-plastic ) ? 
what 's are the measurements of the bins ? thanks . 
are these true hepa filters ? 
is this original neato product or compatible version ? 
how long do the filters usually last ? 
my brush is stuck , please free it from debris ; why does it say this even when the brush appears clear ? 
hi , sorry if somebody asked already . does it work with neato xv-11 ? 
will these filters work with neato xv signature ? 
anyone find a tool to help clean these ( in between replacement ) to get in the nooks ? 
will these filters work with neato robotics xv-12 ? 
is this the filters for the bot vac 85 ? 
which ones can i use for a vx-14 ? can i use the pet & amp ; allergy filters on a xv-14 ? 
what are the measurements ? 
does it have a safety automatic shut off feature ? ( purchasing for an elderly person ) 
what are the dimensions of the baking tray ? 
does it broil ? 
size 
does a baked potato fit in oven ? 
why did they take away the hinges that slid out the tray ? ? ? ? ? 
is it deep enough to toast a sandwich ? 
does this model toast evenly ? i have the old model and now it burns the bread even on level 1. in the beginning i had it at 3 to toast . 
does this model have a button to pop the toast up before early ? 
does it have a fan inside for even distribution of heat ? 
what are the dimensions of this toaster 
can you fit a regular size di giorno or freschetta in ? 
are you able to fit a 9 x 13 pan in this oven ? 
it has a rack , does it also come with a tray ? does the rack come out when you open the door ? 
what is the largest size pan that this oven will hold ? ... will it hold a 13x9 baking pan ? ... . 
does the tray slide out when you open the door ? 
i am not interested in cooking . toast e muffins and warming a cheese sandwich 
what is a pizza bump 
in the description it tells me it is a convection oven but when i zoom in on the picture i do n't see convection on the dial knobs like model 313331 
has anyone tried this over a campfire ? i 'm most concerned about the uneven heat . can i place it in the coals or do i need to raise it up ? 
can you use creme of mushroom soup for the liquid , such as with roast beef 
how many quarts or ounces does this thing hold ? 
what is the size of the opening or lid ? would it be possible to fit a steamer basket inside ? 
does anyone know how much pressure is maintained while cooking ? 
would this pot be good for cooking rice ? 
can this be used at home when the power goes out ? 
is there a cookbook 
what is this made of ? is it aluminum or ? ? ? 
does this come with the rack ? 
which is more firm ? the dynastymattress new cool breeze 12-inch gel memory foam mattress-king size or this one the 15.5-inch grand atlantisbreeze ? 
how do you classify this mattress firm or medium firm ? 
i just ordered the king size 15.5 incher and i am not sure what size sheets to get to fit this thickness . any suggestions ? 
how does the warranty work for this one ? i am trying to make up my mind whether to buy this here or something from the local store - for warranty ... 
can someone tell me what makes this mattress worth $ 350 more than the 14 '' grand cool breeze ? i 'd really like to know what makes this one better ? 
can you get this mattress on credit ? 
does this mattress fit inside a regular king size frame ? 
does the price include the box ? 
i 'm worried i just spent 1100 and this mattress is too firm and hard and i wo n't be able to sleep . anyone who has comfort input please help 
how firm is this bed really ? i do n't want to feel like i 'm sleeping on the floor or plywood . i like soft squishy plush and have back pain . is it soft ? 
hi , i love the mid -firm , but my husband may need firm , do you have the same exact mattress but firm ? 
your website says the atlantisbreeze cool gel mattress is medium-soft . here it 's labeled medium-firm . same mattress ? which is it ? 
can this mattress be used with an adjustable base ? 
your website says the atlantisbreeze cool gel mattress is medium-soft . here it 's labeled medium-firm . which is it ? 
can this bed be used with any queen bed frame or only the one that goes with it ? 
in what country was the mattress made ? 
why does the `` queen '' size description omit `` hd '' while description for all other sizes contain include `` hd '' ? is there a difference in the specs of thequeen ? 
does this mattress need a box spring if u buy the frame that goes with it ? 
do standard queen size sheets fit this mattress , or will it require purchasing a deeper sheet ? 
what are the dimensions of the box this mattress ships in ? thanks ! 
are the tumblers shrink wrapped together or is each one individually wrapped ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
is it made of glaas 
are these to simply be kept in the freezer refrigerator ? 
does water got between the outside tumbler and the wine glass ? does the lid leak ? 
is this just a black lid ? or is it a sippy lid ? ? ? 
how many watts does this juicer use ? i live in america and need to know what voltage adapter to buy . 
i live in singapore - what is the plug that this comes with ? 
can i use it in the us ? 
dose the malaysia made powerful as that of japan ? 
do you have panasonic juicer that can use in the usa ? i have one and its getting old , i need a new one to perchase.i live in the usa 
what size bed does this fit ? 
does the pillow cover come with the duvet cover 
what is the size in inches 
what material is this made of ? 
is think duvet that i could use it in the winter time ? 
what re the measurements ? 
is this machine washable ? 
does this work well ( not slip off ) on memory foam mattresses , specifically an 8 inch twin ? 
is it urine proof 
is this a bag or just a mattress pad that goes over the top and sides of the mattress ? 
what is the difference between this one & amp ; the premium of the same brand ? 
my experience with covers is they can cause the person sleeping on the bed to sweat during the night . have you found that issue with this cover ? 
is this polyurethane free ? 
my washing machine does not allow me to put waterproof stuff in it . is the material such that i can just wipe it down if it gets wet ? 
do i need bed sheet over this mattress protector , or this product could be used as a sheet ? 
is this fitted that i can tuck at the corners ? 
does it completely encase mattress - zip closed ? or fit like a traditional fitted sheet - not around the bottom of the mattress ? 
shopping for dorm room bed supplies : do i get this and a mattress pad and not a topper or what ? 
will this cover change the feel of my memory foam mattress ? hopefully not ... .. 
will this stay on an adjustable hospital bed in the up position ? 
what size is bed 36.5 inches wide ? 
is it good for memory foam ? 
how deep is the part the rests on top of the mattress ? for college , the beds about 8 in deep . and my fitted sheet is 11 . 
does this mattress protector trap heat ? 
is it washable ? 
will either the twin or twin xl fit a 39wx80lx11d twin mattress ? thank you . 
how is this different from the premium version ? 
i 'm trying to cover a 54 '' x70 '' futon mattress . i ca n't tell whether to buy full or queen . has anyone figured this out ? 
is this mattress protector for the whole entire mattress , bottom , top and sides or just for the top ? 
is this cover non-breathable ? 
you guys do n't ship to canada ? i just tried placing an order : ( 
what is the breakdown of cotton percentage ? 
how do you put this on your mattress .does it go on like a glove or like any other mattress covers 
does it sounds krinkly like plastic when you move around , can you hear it at all ? like a diaper or other waterproof materials like a rain jacket . 
is the protector slick on the bottom ? our current one has a slick finish on the underneath and slides around so much , it pulls the corners off . 
is this mattress cover good to protect against bed bugs ? 
is this safe for a foam mattress ? 
what is warrantied on this cover and for how long ? 
i need to make covers for our camper beds . if i cut this and hem the sides , will it still hold together ? 
does it feel awful at night and make you sweat ? 
is this a thin mattress cover ? 
does this make you hot when sleeping ? 
my queen size mattress is thicker than most . will it fit ? 
how comfortable would it be to sleep directly on the pad ? i have a memory foam mattress so more layers over the foam , the less body heat gets thru . 
what is the origin ? china ? 
does this product have a zipper to seal in the entire mattress ? or is it more like a fitted sheet , with the bottom of the mattress exposed ? 
will this have any pillow case cover also available with this item ? or just a matress pad only ? 
is it noisey 
weight 
how do i get a copy of the warrantee ? 
what is the grade of stainless steel ? 
what color is mat and utensil holder ? ? 
seems like all of the rusty ones were bought at costco . anyone from amazon with rust ? 
are the plastic parts dishwasher safe ? 
is there a way to switch the drainage lip so that it can drain from the long side into the sink ? 
the photo shows this is red , but one of the other questes answered says its grey . does anyone know what color this is ? 
what are the dimensions of the bottom tray ? 
do you see rust ? is the whole thing stainless steel ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
i want buy 100ea.are you have in stock 
is the spigot metal ? 
if it is sitting on a counter can i fit a glass underneath or does it have to sit on the edge ? i have children and i do n't want it to get knocked over 
is this a thick quality glass ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
how tall is the jug ( not the stand ) ? i want to see if it will fit into my fridge for daily use . 
can you fill the bucket with ice and still sit the glass on top of it to chill the liquid or is the bucket meant to be used for ice separately ? i 
where is this dispenser made ? 
does the top screw on tightly ? 
does this come with the weight inside to keep the vegetables submerged under liquid ? if not do you carry that ? 
will i still need to use a crock rock or other weight with these caps ? 
how long do the gaskets and grommets last ? 
my airlocks have brine coming out the top . can i simply let it go and not open it to clean it out as long as there is still brine available ? 
my problem is that so much of the brine is forced out during fermentation , the sauerkraut ends up being dry . any solutions ? 
what is the difference between these lids and the ones with the metal locks plus the plastic airlock ? will i get the same results w o the metal clamps 
is there a recommended book to explain pickling ? 
i need these lids and airlocks to fit this 1 gallon jar : http : www.amazon.com gp product b006 ... they fit ? 
are the rings and grommets bpa free as well ? 
i have bad joints will these be terribly hard to assemble , clean , and tighten to use ? 
would this chair be good for someone who is 6'2 '' ? i 've been looking at a lot of different ones , but many say they are more suited for shorter users . 
hi , is this the blue one ? 
can someone tell how to hook this chair up please did not come with any wires or anything 
hi , the following were not in the box..rca audio copler , mini audo cord to mini audio cord , rca to mini audi cord . how do i get those.. 
is the audio signal wireless or do i need to run a wire from the chair to my tv ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how wide of a window will the adaptor fit . would it easy to refit this in the window daily . 
does it have to be placed near a window 
i have a room without a window that needs to be cooled . can i still use a portable ac unit ? 
does the fan run constant when in ac mode , even when the compressor is off ? or can the fan be set to turn off , like `` energy save '' mode on window unit ? 
how noisy is this unit ? i am interested in it for a 12 ' square bedroom and am concerned about being able sleep . 
has anybody measured the amps that this unit draws ? or does the tag on the back of it list the amps or watts ? 
what is the diamater of the exhaust hose ? 
is this portable ac savings energy system ? 
does it come with a water tack if it does how big is it 
why is it leaking 
does this work with a standard outlet ? did n't older units over 12000 btus need a special outlet to work ( ie clothes washers type outlet ) ? 
does this cool a small bedroom ? 
what happens with the condensate ? 
does this model have dual hose setup or single ? the picture of the back suggest it may be a two hose model . 
is there an easy way to add intake hose to this ? looks the hose bracket can be attached to the intake side as well . 
how long does the window kid extend ? 
what are the hose dimensions ? 
does anyone know how long the manufacturers warranty is ? also , how long the flexible exhaust hose is ? thank you . 
is there just one hose to the outside on this unit 
how long the window kit ? 
i see that most portable ac machines come with a vent kit and shows a window that opens by pulling up.. does this vent kit work with a window that you pull sideways to slide open ? 
hi , this is my first time buying a portable ac . the description says auto evaporating ? ? i see people talking about hose ? whats the hose for ? 
i require a quiet ac portable unit that does n't require draining by self-evaporating what should i look for ? 
how many amps does it draw ? 
how does this hook up ? does it need window hoses ? 
will the exhaust hose easy-to-install window venting kit fit into a vertical casement window ( slides from side to side , rather than up down ) ? 
does the unit work without tripping a breaker because of the 10,000 btu 
how long does it take to cool down a bedroom ? and how long does it stay cool and need to be turned back on ? ( i live in cali , weather normally 90-100 ) 
what is maximum square footage it will cool with standard ceiling height ? 
is it possible to fill only one espresso cup at a time with this ? 
what 's the difference between this and the de'longhi ec155 model ( which is currently $ 20 cheaper ) 
does this coffee maker can brew two separate cups of coffee at the same time , does it have 2 openings for 2 cups ? 
is it made in italy ? 
has any one used this for more than 6 months without the pump failing . keep hearing that it fails . 
the pot filter only moves to left of center position & amp ; espresso comes out in heavy drip , not an even stream . is this normal ? 
can someone please give me the correct dimentions of this machine ? amazon , delonghi website , manuals , other sites , etc . are all different . thanks ! 
just purchased , having trouble getting the right amount of water per cup . where are the `` portions per cup clearly marked on the machine '' ? 
the machine i purchased recently starts to leak water too early ( before green light is on ) and the coffee is too bitter ... has anyone had similar issue 
what is the difference between the de'longhi bar32 retro 15 bar ( $ 89 ) and the de'longhi ec220b 15-bar ( 79 $ ) ? 
is there anyone who purchased this product the ( victorio ) that wishes they had upgrade to the norpro stainless steamer , juicer instead ? 
has anyone used this on a radiant glass top stove , and where the temperatures cycle on off type of thing ? ... 
what is the overall height ? i 've got 17 inches of clearance between my cooktop and the bottom of my microwave . will it fit ? 
is there a minimum amt . of produce you need to use this ? or just larger quantities ? thanks . 
where is it made ? china , i suppose ! 
i am looking to simply purchase the hose and clamp for the steamer . is there a way to only buy these items ? 
what is the diameter of the base plate at the bottom of the bottom pot ? my stove has a lip outside of 10 '' . 
any loss of nutrients in the process ? how long does it take ? do you keep having to add additional water ? 
is it possible to steam rice with this unit ? thanks . 
were is it made ? 
do the zip bags work in the freezer ? 
are additional wine stoppers available ? 
are the bags made from a safe plastic ? 
does this vacuum and seal ? it 's unclear if it provides both functions . 
can i use it with the caso vacuum sealer canisters in addition to the bags ? 
how do i make sure i order and recieve a type ? 
is it a-type ? the last picture with dimentions confuses - it 's b-type ... 
does this organizer come with the grip pads inserted into the drawers ( shown in pictures ) ? or will i have to purchase those seperately ? 
how do you make it ? 
how much of the heavy whipping cream and other stuff do you put in the freeze thingy ? 
how do you make ice cream ? 
do u need the ingredients lid to use the ice cream magic cone 
how much does it make ? 
can i use half and half instead of heavy or whipping cream ? 
what do you need to buy to make it work ? 
graham cracker peanut butter ice cream 
is this made in the usa ? 
what is the diameter of the glass ? and have you tried hanging the thermometer ? 
hi - where 's the best place to put the thermometer in the oven ? 
is everyone who posted reviews using the same product ? how is it so bad for some and absolutely great for others . makes no sense . 
we have an l-shaped countertop . how do you deal with seams ? 
ellen bubier~ did you lay this over an existing counter top that was of tile ? i am trying to figure out if i have to remove the tiles first . thank 
is there a silicone type ring to keep the batter from escaping while full ? metal on metal does n't usually work well . thanks ! ! 
can you mix the batter in the dispenser or must it be mixed separately ? 
how much batter ( how may cups ) does the dispenser hold ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
what is the capacity of this dispenser - how many cups does it hold ? thanks 
do you think you can stack two of these on top of each other ? 
can someone take a ruler and measure the diameter of the bottom from hole to hole ? i want to use it in a small electric steamer i have and see if fit 
does this steamer fit the aroma arc 753g 6-cup stainless rice cooker i have in my cart ? if so i may go ahead and order it ... thanks . 
can you use this steamer in regular pans ? 
would it be fit to aroma arc-914sbd ( 8-cup ) ? 
wondering if using this decreases the amount of rice that can be cooked simultaneously ? thanks ! 
what is the steamer 's size , the diameter , depth , width ? thanks 
can this be used to safely cook steam small pieces of raw beef or chicken ? 
will it fit the bed bath and beyound aroma rice cooker 
will this steamer fit the bed bath and beyound 6 cup stainless rice cooker 
how soft is this mattress ? can i use it instead of the regular mattress ? how is the quality of this mattress ? thanks 
how well does it fold up ? can i fold it three times like in the picture ? 
can i put it directly on a slatted bed ? distance between slats is 3-4 inches . 
what kind size of sheets do you use on the queen size , if any ? 
all i need to know is if you put a toxic flame retardant or any other scary chemicals on the cotton before putting them in the over ; the cotton does n't have to be organic -- please , i am desperate ; i am very ill with mcs -- 
how comfortable is this futon for side-sleepers ? it would be right on the floor and folded up during the day . 
can you use it with a tri-fold futon frame ? 
how many amps is this vacuum ? 
brush removable 
how many amps is this vac ? when using the crevise tool on baseboards will i have to bend down ? or is the handle long enough to stand straight ? i am 5'2 '' 
do these lil vacs with a motorized brush roll have belts that need changing ? 
does this vac fold all the way down to go underneath beds ? 
corded ? 
is this vacuum good for carpet floor ? 
can you remove the brush from the main body ? 
is the dust susposed to go in the little white cup or in the red body 
how is the stick connected to the main body ? is the connection sturdy and easy to engage and disengage ? 
how deep is it ? 
ca n't find the dimensions . how tall and wide is this cabinet ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? if not , what is the height between them ? 
what are the dimensions of this cabinet ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how much assembly is required ? 
are there shelves behind the door ? 
is it waterproof ? do you think it would be ok to put this right next to the shower ( we have shower curtain but not shower door ) ? thanks ! 
can it hold towels and if it can how many ? 
could i leave the rim around the top off ? 
does it come assembled ? 
can this dresser be mounted to the wall for safety purposes ? 
are the knobs just a one hole screw type ? can they be replaced with decorative nursery knobs ? what size are there ? 
how wide is it ? 
is the dresser made of solid wood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
would this dresser fit in with other plain white furniture ? i saw some reviews saying it was more of a plain white . thanks 
what are the interior measurements of the bin on the bottom ? 
are the gliders made of metal or plastic ? 
do the gliders sit on the sides of the drawers or underneath ? 
what are the dimesions of the box ? 
does this come assembled ? 
how deep is the top part of the bookcase ? trying to figure out the depth of the more shallow shelf on top ... thanks . 
is it made of particle board , not solid wood ? 
what is the overall size 
does it smell strong after assembly ? some composite wood products take a long time to `` off gas '' . i 'm looking for something that does n't smell too bad 
what material is it made out of ? 
does this come with a strap brace to mount it to the wall to prevent tipping ? 
the overall dimensions are : 41.1 ( wide ) x 15.5 ( deep ) x 32.8 ( tall ) inches but what is the height of the toy and book area separately ? 
can two units be stacked on top of each other ( maybe without using the legs ) ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does this have a shelf at the top ? i saw what seemed to be the same piece at another site , and it showed a shelf . but , i ca n't tell if this one has one 
how much space is between each bar in back ? 
at what height from the floor are the hooks installed on this unit ? 
what are the dimensions both outside and inside ? 
i realize the monitors and graphics cards differ but how close is the color in the photos ( oak ) to the actual color ? 
what is the the shelf weight rating ? could they hold sacks of flour and sugar ? cans the length and to the backing one layer high ? two layers high ? 
in the picture the stain seems to be almost a cherry oak . is the pantry cherry oak ? 
what are the inside dimensions of this cabinet ? 
bottom of the pots are smaller than the top , which dimensions of the romertopf are being given , the bottom or top ? 
will this roast a large roasting chicken ? 
we are a family of 3. i think the medium would be fine , but i would like to make a small turkey and 3-4 cornish hens . what size should i buy ? 
is glazed or unglazed bottom better ? 
breadmaking- preheated the romertopf at 450 30min before putting dough in . developed very uneven dark stains- normal ? or damage to glaze ? 
what size would i get to make artisan bread ? 3 -4 cups of flour 
can it be used on stovetop ? what 's the glaze made off ( any lead ) component ? 
how tall is this medium baker ? my microwave oven is n't that big . 
does this come with instructions for soaking before cooking and how to clean ? 
is the interior bottom glazed ? 
can this be used in the microwave oven 
is this big enough to hold a 15 lbs turkey ? 
does this come with an instruction booklet 
is this large enough o hold a whole chicken and some vegetables ? 
my portable electric oven will not acomodate any baking dish larger than 12 x 12 in . please advice . also , how high is this clay pot ? 
is there lead in the glaze ? is it a good size for bread ? thanks 
does the meat chicken get brown ... or more `` steamed looking ? 
what is the difference between a `` glazed & amp ; unglazed '' cooker ... taste ? ? ? ? 
what is the coating ? 
is for microwave ? 
what is it made out of ? 
what is this item made out of ? 
how high is it ? 
how many regular sized cupcakes does this stand hold ? 
is strong ? 
does it flat pack ? 
how much liquid do these hold ? 
are these safe to use in the toaster oven ? 
anyone know where these were made ? ( thanks for answering in advance . ) 
can these be used in a toaster oven ? 
are they made in the u.s.a . 
are these safe to use in the toaster oven ? 
is it borosilicate glass ? 
what size are these and how much do they hold ? 
does this create enough air tightness that you can use it for secondary ferment of kefir and kombucha to get carbonation fizz ? 
do they fit kerr brand wide mouth jars without leaking ? 
do they fit for the 4 oz bell jars ? 
is this for the smaller lids ? or what are the dimensions ? 
can this go in the dishwasher ? is there a non stick surface on the interior ? 
the instructions say that the pot should not be used on high heat , but how high do they mean on an induction cook top , a 8 or 9 ? 
can you put this pot in the oven 
would stainless steel layer be compromised by very low positioned bolts that hold handles ? is it safe to cook a full pot of acidic ( tomato ) soup ? 
where is it made ? does the lid break ? 
does the food burn in this pot , even on low heat ? 
does this pot have a smooth bottom for use with a ceramic stove ? 
does this pot have any kind of lid lock , drain holes , pour spout , rolled rim or anything of thelke to help remove water ? 
can you tell me what the dimensions of the pot is ? 
do the handles get hot ? 
does this machine also do cold coffee ? 
is this brewer dual voltage , 110 , or 220 ? 
what does the led interface do ? 
does this machine have its own disk ( much like k-cup ) ? is there any cup that i can fill up rather than buying `` pre-packaged '' ones off the shelf ? 
i just bought one , and ran the cleaning process a couple times and it seemed quite loud . is this normal for the tassimo maker 's or for cleaning ? 
how does it make a cappuccino ? does it froth milk ? 
if the water tank runs out while in the middle of brewing , how do you restart continue the brewing after re-filling the water ? 
how high is the railing above your mattress , and how thick is your mattress ? it does n't look very tall above the mattress in the picture . 
hi is the slide detachable ? as in when it no longer required we can just remove it ? 
it comes whit the mattress ? ? ? 
is there enough room underneath for a second mattress and another child to sleep ? 
can the ladder and the slide be switched ? 
how high is the space under the bed ? would it be comfortable to put a table for building leggos , or to make it a space for reading w adults ? 
do you need a bunkie board or some other foundation beneath the mattress ? how many slats are under the mattress ? 
what would be the appropriate age range for this bed ? 
can you switch the ladder and slide ? i need the slide on the other end to fit in my son 's room . 
the manufacturer recommended weight limit is 160lbs but is that including the weight of the mattress ? 
if i wanted to put other food other than salad that required microwaving is this container okay to use ? 
is this product dishwasher safe ? 
is freezer gel included ? 
what is the capacity of the salad container ? 
is this item paba free 
is this an issue to carry to work ? it seems kind of wide based on the listed dimensions- it seems like i would have to carry it side ways in my tote . 
is this product bpa free ? 
can you tell me the dimension ? 
if i wanted to put other food other than salad that required microwaving is this container okay to use ? 
what are the measurements of the item ( length ; width ; hieght ) ? 
what is the machine weight_ ? 
so you dont need a frozen block ? just regular ice cubes will work ? 
can it work continually for several hours without overheating ? we need it for a 4-hour event . 
is this product have commercial rating ? 
what is the machine volt ? 
can a 2 '' square ice cube fit in the slot ? 
blades replacement are available on this store ? ? 
does this sno cone maker , make 'fine ' shaved ice like snow or is it course like an actual sno cone texture ? i am looking for the fine shaved ice 
can you shave the ice ahead of time and put it in an ice chest or will it melt and stick together , 
how many cupfuls can fit in the bowl 
is it for 9 year olds 
how much weight can this bed support ? 
can the slide be installed where the ladder is and vise versa ? the way our daughters room is set up it would be better fo the slide to be on the right 
i like this bunk , but would like to use it without the slide . is it integrated , or can the bunk function look nice without it ? 
is the slide made of wood ? 
is the space below good for putting another twin size mattress on the floor ? 
does the matress come with it and if not what size dimensions do i need ? 
how much space is between the two side legs ? ( not the wide side with stairs ) want to put small dresser under bed flush against wall . 
what is the size of the bed 's box or boxes before assembly ? will it fit in a car or do i need a truck ? 
is the bed with the pink tent , white ? 
are the legs , ladder and rails removable to convert the loft to a regular bed ? 
what is the dimensions of the slide ? how far out does it extend ? 
does it do fine look fine without the slide in place ? i want to use it later but not yet . 
how high is the bed ? 
if i want this shipped to blaine , wa how many days will it take ? 
what are the dimensions of the 2 boxes ? 
are the ladder and the slide interchangeable ? are the support posts all drilled with holes to allow the ladder to be at the left or right side ? 
what size twin mattress works best with this model ? ( 6in , 7in , 8in ? ) 
is it deleverable to europe ? 
what is the height at it 's highest ? my cabinets are up over the countertops and the distance in height in-between is 15 1 2 '' . 
the dimensions are 17 x 5 x 10.5inches -- what does the 5 indicate ? 
how does it package . because i need to send it in a barrel . can it fit . 
i need a very narrow dish rack - is this dish rack actually only 5 inches wide ? 
it shows that the product dimensions is 17 x 5 x 10.5 inches . does it include cutlery holder and glass rack ? 
what are the dimensions 
i would like to know the height from floor to the counter top . i 'm trying to figure out if the `` sauder caraway floor cabinet '' would align evently . 
what are the dimensions 
does it only come in white 
how many shelves are inside the cabinet , and are they adjustable ? 
is this particle board or real wood ? 
can you `` not '' use the x shaped towel holder , and just use it as an open space ? 
what are the dimensions 
ok so they randomly ship out units between 8 oz and 27 oz ? 
test for induction use by placing magnet to bottomof frothier , need to know if can be used on induction stove top 
don ; t see on instructions -- - is it dishwasher safe 
someone commented that it is 14oz , not 27oz . can you pls confirm ? 
is it truly 27 oz 
is this a remote control fan as well 
how tall is it ? 
how tall is it ? 
how large is the base of this fan ? 
is this tower fan quiet even at high setting ? thanks 
how silent is this fan ? 
how tall are these fans , i want a tall one 
doses this fan move , like rotate back and forth ? 
what exactly does the thermostat do ? 
how would you clean this thing ? i mean the blades inside are dusty now , the insides of the blades ... please help 
is there any filters to replace ? 
can it be taken apart for cleaning ? 
anyone compare this to the 5 speed one without the thermostat ? i am wondering if the thermostat is really useful and worth the extra cost . 
is light to bright for bedroom , can it be shut off 
how responsive is remote control . must you get out of bed carefully aim to get remote to work ? 
how difficult is this to assemble ? i 'm a female and live alone . 
how tall is it you should specify 
anyone compare this to the 8 speed one with thermostat ? pros and cons ? 
where are the screws ? 
i am debating between this and the lasko 2510 and main concern is overall height from bottom to top . the specs here say 32 but i 've heard other say 39 
are vents adjustable 
how many degrees does the oscillation pattern cover ? 
what are the measurements of the front grille through which the air passes ? 
how wide is the base 
is this a good fan for someone who needs some noise when they sleep ? 
your website brooklyn bedding sells this exact same thing but for $ 189 . why is it more expensive if i purchase it from amazon ? 
this would be for my son sleeps on his back and weighs @ 325 good purchase for him ? 
does this pad smell ? 
what is the warranty on this product i purchased one in june and it has a split in it right where i lay ? 
can the mattress be trimmed ? i want it for a rv and the bed is a `` rv king '' and they are n't the same size as the standard . 
can i return this for a refund if it does n't work for me ? 
this might be a silly question , but can you also use this to brew a regular cup of coffee ? 
the frother overflows ; what is wrong ? i use skim milk no higher than the minimum fill line . this usually happens on the second cup brewed . 
what comes in the box ? 
i ca n't find reviews on the espresso 's taste . is it good espresso ? ! 
reusable 
videos show making espresso *then* frothing the milk . can they be done simultaneously , or does the machine insist on sequential use ? 
can you also froth almond milk ? or only regular milks ? 
does it brew regular coffee or tea as well ? 
what is involved in cleaning the machine and does it have to be cleaned after each use ? 
when making flavored lattes with the rivo do i have to use the rivo flavored syrups ? can i use any flavored syrup that i find at the food store 
what are the measurements ? 
was this item difficult to assemble ? how long did it take to put the pieces together ? 
does this same cabinet come in white ? 
how many shelves are there inside the door ? just one ? 
what is the color of the faux granite top ? 
is the granite finish top necessary for final assembly and stability ? will the exposed wood top be unpleasant or unfinished ( non glossy ) by itself ? 
how does the door fasten closed ? is it a clip , magnet or something else or no fastener at all ? 
would this be suitable for holding dvds ? thanks . 
does it come in 22 inches heigh 
how many regular size bath towels can this hold ? 
i just bought a new bed and its extremely firm . will this topper make my bed softer even with the very firm mattress under it ? 
how does 4 lbs of foam relate to firmness ? is this a soft or firm memory foam ? 
does this ship to apo ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
does anyone have problems with the blue gel beads coming out of the topper ? ive read several reviews that say this has been a problem . tx 
trying to decide between the 2 '' and 3 '' . is the 3 '' softer , or does it offer more support ? 
i 've heard that a foam mattress absorbs all odors like body sweat while sleeping and after a few months it starts to smell is this true 
can this topper be trimmed to a smaller ( short queen ) size ? 
size 
are the legs brown or black ? 
is the outside covering real leather or man made material ? 
is this ottoman entirely covered in leather ( other than the legs ) - the picture makes it look as though the top and sides are fabric 
the dimensions in product detail and product descriptions are different . which one is correct 
i just bought a new bed and its extremely firm . will this topper make my bed softer even with the very firm mattress under it ? 
how does 4 lbs of foam relate to firmness ? is this a soft or firm memory foam ? 
does this ship to apo ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
does anyone have problems with the blue gel beads coming out of the topper ? ive read several reviews that say this has been a problem . tx 
trying to decide between the 2 '' and 3 '' . is the 3 '' softer , or does it offer more support ? 
i 've heard that a foam mattress absorbs all odors like body sweat while sleeping and after a few months it starts to smell is this true 
can this topper be trimmed to a smaller ( short queen ) size ? 
size 
what are the dimensions of this sofa . height , width , depth ? please and thank you very much ! 
in a small apartment sized living area , does it need to be moved to convert it , or does it sit back against the wall ? 
are the vinyl cushions movable ? it 's not exactly a comfortable sleep surface ? 
when it 's in bed mode , what is the height from the top of the mattress to the floor ? 
does all components come in 1 box and you have to assemble , or does it come already assembled and i just have to put on legs 
my daughter has a pretty small bedroom and wants this instead of a bed ... is it good enough for a teenager to sleep on nightly ? 
i have recieved this sofa and fitted the legs but i am not able to make it as sofa and can you please help me with the instruction on how to make sofa 
our basement door is 26 inches wide at the narrowest . does this futon come shipped in pieces or is it one pre-assembled piece ? would it fit ? 
is this a sinous spring design ? or individually wrapped coil ? or is this a cheap coil material . please state the coil material . 
is this futon sofa bed is it made with individually wrapped inner spring and cotton and polyester material or what is the inside made from ? 
are these hollow ? also , i 'm looking for narrow straws to use to build paper beads on . does anyone know how big the hole is ? thanks ! 
can i use it for hot drinks ? ? 
are these stirrers round ? 
are these made in china ? 
are these good for paper beads ? 
what is the outside diameter or circumference ? 
can you sip coffee with these ? i 'm looking for small straws that wo n't look funny in restaurant coffee . . . something discreet but usable . 
are these made in china ? 
does this mat stay flat or does it roll up while you 're tying to work ? my wilton mat has to be wieghted on all sides or it rolls ... thanks ! 
can anyone recommend best way to clean this mat ? 
does the writing on the mat come off on your fondant ? and can i use cookie cutters on it ? 
can it go in the oven 
can you cut on it ? i need a mat to cut my fondant decorations on . i use a scalpel and was wondering if this is a self-healing mat . thanks . 
i have never used a mat to roll apply fondant , how much extra do you roll past the measurements for the sides ? 
where is the user manual ? 
what is that round disk gadget used for ? my paper manual did not say what it was used for ... .thanks , tj 
does anyone know if you can get spare parts ? 
how big is the container ? how many cups of onion can it hold ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
can someone tell me the size of the cutting area ? i 've been using the vidalia chop wizard for years and love it , but was thinking of upgrading . 
dos it chop cheese 
can this item slice potatoes so i can make fries ? ! 
are these new ( no indication on the amazon web site ) ? 
does it really work as good as they say and how many cups does the container hold ... 
what are the min and max heights for the vertical adjustment of this table ? 
what height does the table adjust too 
if it is a folding , adjustable height table but where does the table fold in half for carrying ? the picture shows it as a one piece table that 
does the actual table fold or just the legs ? 
what is the top surface like ? is it smooth enough to use for writing coloring activities ? 
can you adjust one side a different height then the other so you can give it a slanted desk feel ? thank you in advance ! 
how high does it go up ? 
are the dimensions shown correct ? ( 24 x 5.8 x 23.6 inches ) it looks longer than 23 '' . is it 31 '' long ? 
does this come with a programmable timer switch ? if not , is there any that you could recommend ? 
does it come with programable timer switch ? some reviews and q answers say yes ; some say no . which is it ? thank you . 
in an exisiting bathroom , do i have to tear up the wall to install this or does it mount on the outside ? electric can be in the wall . 
need 18 '' wide hard wired , need along with order 30 '' wide hard wired too 36 '' long brushed nickel 
can the warmer be installed with the junction box at the top left instead of the bottom right ? 
can it also provide supplemental heat to the bathroom ? 
how long does it take to warm up ? 
can this be mounted on side of wood cabinet 
which side is the switch on left , or right . also can warmer be hard wired ? 
is this the correct dimension ? it looks higher than wide . is there a chance it is 31 '' high rather than 24 '' ? ? 
what are the dimensions of the package ? 
have there been any problems with this unit burning towels . we have had this problem with two other brands 
where is the cord located and can it be shortened using an aftermarket plug ? 
the same model as hardwired ? what is the cost ? also in brushed nickel ? 
where is the on off switch on the amba rwh-sb towel warmer ? 
is the power cord on the left or right side and is the on off switch illuminated ? 
how quickly does it warm towels ? 
how many inches between the rails ? 
can this be a freestanding unit ? 
my experience with my previous two myson towel warmers is they simply stop working after 2 years . what is your warranty on that ? 
is this item truly hard wired or is it a plug in 
what is the warranty on this product 
is it polished stainless ? i 'm looking for hardwire polished nickel . 
with prime will i get it in 3 days ? or do i still have to wait the 2-4 weeks that it shows ? 
how long does it to warm ? 
this units come with hard wire kit ? or may i connect directly to wall ? 
i do n't see how you hang ( 2 ) full sized bath towels without triple folding them which seems to defeat the purpose . what am i missing ? 
any benefits between straight vs curved model ? 
can i use this as a drying rack as well ? 
do i need the timer ? or just the unit ok ? 
how much electricty does it use a year on average ? 
anyone have experience with hydronic and electric towel warmers and the pluses and negatives of each ? 
how is a plain cast iron skillet different from a le creuset ? 
can these skillets cook on electric stoves 
was this skillet made in china 
is this skillet size good for making omelets in ( 3 eggs ) , or should i look for an 8 '' pan ? 
is the coating similar to the coating in the dutch ovens ? 
is it safe to use non-stick cooking spray on the pan ? 
can it be used in oven 
are there other colors than red 
how do you clean it ? 
how many btu 's does this unit put out ? 
where is the on off switch on the hardwired model . can it be relocated to the lower right of the unit ? 
does it have to wire into the wall on the bottom right , or can it wire in on the bottom left ? 
what are the true dimensions ? 
is this unit really only 24 inches wide ? this does n't seem to be big enough to fit a bath towel that 's not folded in half . 
how long does it take to heat up a couple of bath towels ? 
does the product or its packaging indicate where these spoons are manufactured ? 
is the brand name also engraved ( like the measurements ) ? 
will they fit into typical spice jars ? 
do these come with the ring to keep them together ? 
is the bottom flat to prevent tipping ? 
how long are the handles on these measuring spoons ? 
are these made of 18 10 steel ? 
are these scientifically calibrated ? also are the exact when leveled or rounded ? 
has anyone used this for baking cakes ? ? ? what degree oven was used ? ? ? thanks 
it did not have any instructions with it for baking . so is there a specific thing i should follow ? can i bake cakes for 20 minutes at 350f ? please le 
how many ounces does each cavity hold ? 
what is the approximate size ( inches or centimeters ) of each cup ? 
would this work on making candle wax tarts ? 
how big are these ? are they mini brownie size , or cupcake size ? 
does anyone know what the exact size width ( not depth ) is of each cavity in inches ? am only really interested in the width inside of each cavity . 
are these bpa free ? 
is the inside teflon , or what other material is it ? is the material toxic in any way ? is there aluminum in this pan at all ? thanks 
is there a lid that fits this pan ? 
cast iron can go to the oven ? 
i 'd like to know how to clean the outside ? 
one review says it cooks everything and never mentions 'sticking ' . another reviewer said for health reasons they love this product but it is sticks ? 
will this skillet scratch the surface of a glass top stove ? 
any issues with high heat for say searing streak ? 
where is this made ? 
i expect that the handle gets hot too , correct ? does an oven mitt solve that problem ? 
is there a full-size lid that will fit on this skillet ? 
how many ounces does this pot hold ? 
where is this teapot made ? 
can i use this teapot on a glass top or electric stove ? 
how large is the base of the tea pot ? 
what 's the weight limit ? 
what is the length of the bench ? 
what is the seat height of the bench ? 
is it solid wood construction ? 
what are the dimensions of this bench ? what cushion size should i get ? 
what are the internal dimensions of each basket ? how many pairs of shoes does each basket hold ? 
what is the length of this bench . 
is this jug bpa free ? 
is it hdpe or ldpe a reviewer says it is actually labeled ldpe on the jug . 
can i store nitrocellulose lacquer in this jug ? 
how wide is the actual opening 
does this unit come with the pump and hoses ? 
does this pump have the integrated pump that can drain condensate vertically if needed ? 
instead of using provided hose would the drain connection support a standard threaded garden hose ? 
i set the humidistat to 45 degrees , but the unit keeps running even though it shows the humidity to be 41 or 43 degrees . is this normal defective ? 
how many sq . does this unit cover ? 
does this model blow out hot air because i do n't get a `` cool , dry '' feeling from using this machine - even though water drains ? 
what is the model number of this unit ? is it a danby ddr60a3gp ? ( according to consumer 's union , that model has a pump to empty the condensate ) . 
has anyone used the timer ? how does the timer work ? the manual is not very clear . 
what is the model number of this unit ? 
any one know how big the bucket is ? 
is it difficult to get the burger out of the press after it has been formed ? 
what material is this made of 
what 's the diameter of the finished burger ? 
can you make thin patties as well ( like 1 4 inch ) or is there something that would restrict how thin they could be made ? 
does it come with a recipe book ? 
can you use this to make stuffed sliders ? 
is there a video somewhere that shows how to use the 3 ways of using the cuisinart 3-in-1 burger maker ? 
what is it made of ? 
what is the size difference between the burger press and the slider insert ? 
this is more about cooking , but ... do the center condiments get cooked ? we bachelors have to ask when we do n't know . thanks . 
i 'd like to get these , but i am concerned about the reviews that say they leak . are they truly functional , or just for a novelty , fun gift ? thanks ! 
re previous quesiton shipping to australia was looking at buying 4 lots of the items 
hi is it possible to remove the wine glass part so its just a large sippy cup ? ? ? 
what size is the wine glass ? how many ounces does it hold ? 
are the wine glasses acrylic or glass ? 
is the mug printed on both sides or just one . side ? 
is the mug microwaveable ? 
do you have male pictures 
where is it made ? 
do you have to put water in the glass container before you put it in the freezer- or where is the `` gel '' ? 
corkcicle arrived with a flimsy plastic disc in the long glass lower part . i ca n't figure out how to remove it ; if it is intended to stay , what for ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
will it work for vodka , rum , etc ? 
how long does it take to chill the wine ? 
does it fit in all wine bottles ? 
how long does it take to chill the wine ? 
how long is the warranty and what does it cover ? 
does it alter the taste of the beer ? any metallic aftertaste ? 
my son 's brew their own beer.. they use 22oz bottles . would this work for that size ? 
can you someone tell me what material this is made out of ? i 'm hoping stainless steel , but i 'd like to know . thank you . 
will this fit inside of a stella artois bottle ? 
how long do they last after freezing ? the idea is to have device capable to chill beer while away from any fridge or etc . if it lasts long enough to have a drink at home or places near fridges , what is the use of it ? 
how do you clean it ? it is wide enough to get a bottle brush thru ? 
how much beer does it displace ? 
do you have to remove it every time you take a sip ? 
can anyone say if this will fit heineken and corona glass bottle beers ? any info on fitting mgd and michelob will be appreciated . 
planning to take this on a trip ... . will this pass through tsa in carry-on bag , or will it need to be checked in ? 
silicone pants ? i think you mean parts lol . 
could you use this product with tea bags ? 
is the box included ? so many do n't include the box , just a silly bag . 
having manatee infusers shipped to vacation home..your shipping says 17 days ? is this true ? i need to know as i will not be at shipping address long 
how do you get rid of the strong plastic smell ? i have tried dish washer and boiled it in water , still smells plastic . 
is this manatea one easy to clean ? 
when wil this be available again ? 
where is this made and how safe is silicone for infusing into hot water and steeping ? ? ? ? 
is this item bpa-free ? 
where is this tea kettle made 
does the handle get hot when you heat it up , needing to use a pot holder ? 
what 's the stainless steel grade ? 204 , 304 , 430 ? 
is there a warranty on this kettle , in case it rusts or the handle breaks or other stuff like that ? 
is this kettle made in america like the pots and pans ? 
how long does it take for the water to boil ? 
what is the capacity ? is the whistle shrill or harmonic ? 
what is the diameter of the bottom of the kettle ? 
is it possible to keep the whistle rid open without holding it ? 
has anyone had issues with rusting on the inside ? i have spent so much in the last several years on high end tea kettles and they have all rusted . 
is the comforter machine washable ? 
what are the dimensions of the queen comforter , and is it machine washable ? which pillows does this set come with ? 
is it the actual comforter or just a slip cover ? and if it 's the actual one , how thick is it ? i 'm looking for something thin for the summer . 
how big is the queen size comforter ? 
what size are these stamps ? what size cookies ? 
are there cookie type ( i.e . sugar ) recommendations on the box ? could i use store-bought ready-made sugar cookie dough to make these ? 
hey , i would like to use these with ink to decorate plain brown paper and make it into `` wrapping paper . '' could i do that with the stamp side ? 
what to use to decorate these to make them really bright and colorful like the images posted by users ? 
can you ship these to mexico city ? how much would it be ? ? many thanks ! 
the description of this item says it 's a set of 3. is that 3 sets of the four cookie cutters as shown in all the photos & amp ; in the product description ? 
is there anything that you would put on these stamps before stamping out the images , like flour , sugar , etc . to prevent sticking ? 
could these molds be used for creating resin shapes or just cookies ? 
is this a cutter as well as a stamp ? not sure if i also need a cookie cutter . 
what is the easiest way to ice these ? white first or do the colors then fill in the white ? thanks ! 
the thread count seems low ... does it wash well ? pill ? is it good quality ? 
is it a true white or an off-white color ? 
the thread count seems low ... does it wash well ? pill ? is it good quality ? 
what color euro shams are picture ? looks to be navy or black 
does this cover have ties in the corners to hold down comforter in place ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
if you remove the shelves , would a kitchen garbage can fit inside ? looking for a nice way to hide my trash bin . 
how many shelves inside door 
is the cabinet made of wood or pressboard ? 
what is the inner dimension of the top wood border piece ? 
what is the back made of ? lots of sauder cabinets have cardboard which ca n't take bathroom humidity . 
is there a darker finish 
is it necessary to put the granite piece on it ? in other words , is whatever is under it okay to see ? or is there nothing else under there ? thanks . 
is it easy to assemble ? how many pieces ? 
the dimensions listed here are 39.9 x 15.9 x 4.6 '' . but on the sauder website , it 's 23 1 4 '' w x 7 1 2 '' d x 68 1 8 '' h. why the difference here ? 
distance between the floor and first shelve 
can towles fit in that lower space ? and how many towels would you think can go in that lower part ? 
can this be used without the upper section , so it stops at the black shelf ? we have a cabinet above the toilet , but would like a shelf . 
what is the exact width measurement , and is it the width of the black shelf , which appears to extend out a little , or the sides of the unit ? 
does the unit provide a place to anchor it to the wall ? does the unit provide the materials to anchor ? 
what are the inside dimensions after assembled-we purchased one and now it wo n't fit down over our water tank 
is the translucent panel in the door made of glass or plasitc ? 
my toilet is 36 '' tall . will this fit over it ? 
what is the distance from the floor to the bottom of the back brace ? 
will this have to be mounted to the wall ? one buyer stated that they had to . please let me know . thanks 
how thick are the legs ? i have very little room between the side of the toilet & amp ; the wall . 
my toilet is really close to the wall as well . i need to know how high up is that cross piece that supports near the floor . 
is this real wood , or pressed together fake stuff ? ? 
what are the dimension of the spacesaver ? , i have a toilet that 's high . 
what are the dimensions including depth ? 
the color appears almost black . cinnamon cherry sounds like a brownish red , but the picture does not appear that way . any input on actual color ? 
does this come in a chocolate or brown like color ? 
what color is this . the photo shows dark chocolate but description says it cherry 
space-saving cabinet conceals computer ? 
can this be used to boil water ? 
can this be used without the infuser and is it made in china ? thank you ! 
can i use it in microwave 
do the glass handles break easily ? 
does the plastic infuser eventually stain from the tea ? 
can i use this on a warming plate ? 
would this infuser work with tea bags ? 
how do you use the infuser ? 
is the water bottle made from plastic or glass ? 
how big is the infuser part ? 
so what are the dimensions of this unit ? it would be helpful to know ... before purchasing . 
if you have two of these can you stack them ? 
can the drawers be accessed from either the back or front of the cart . i have a situation where this would be convenient . 
what is the interior width of the drawer ? i need 20 '' 
is the it 3feet in h ' ? 
size dimensions ? 
i need a storage unit as above that is 1 footx 1 foot x i foot deep . please advise ? 
does n't it have wheels ? i received delivery few days ago , but i coul n't find any wheels 
is the overall height 24 '' with or without the wheels on ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawers ? 
do these show fingerprints easily like glass ? most plastic cups do not , but these look rather glossy ... ? 
are these glasses stackable ? 
how many colors in the assorted box ? 
i would like more information on whether and or how they can be used with alcohol . thanks ! 
what 's the weight of a single bag ( if you used a kitchen scale to measure ) ? please specify bag size with your answers . 
i see they have a draw string . do they stay closed or what keeps them closed once you have pulled on that drawstring . 
do these bags keep produce fresh in the refrigerator ? specifically lettuces , kale and hardy greens , carrots , grapes . 
would short grain rice fall through the holes ? 
can these be used in the freezer ? 
can you boil these safely ? i 'm looking to make bone broth and replace the old cheese cloth way . 
where are these bags made ? 
are the labels tags on this made out of synthetics ? ( cause they look like it ) 
what is the weight tare of these bags ? 
how do you keep your kale , lettuce etc.. crisp in these ? mine just wilt in them in fridge . 
is this a humidifier and air purifier 
what is the voltage requirement ? the venta website says 100-240v . is it good for both europe and the us ? 
how much noise does it make ? is the speed adjustable ? 
is the humidifier and air purifier easy to fill 
are there any type of lights ? i have a humidifier now that has a lighted display and so can not use it at night as it keeps me awake . 
is lw15 has enough capacity for a studio apartment or should i invest into bigger models ? thank you . vera 
could you tell me it free voltage or 110v only ? 
is it quiet 
is it this product ( lw15 ) available for 220v,60 hz in korea ? 
what is the noise level for this unit ? ( units if possible ) 
i am wondering if there are any curtains , available for this set ? 
what is the fabric made of ? 
is the florentine pattern in the middle black or purple ? it looks black on the picture compared to the purple along the sides 
if possible , could someone tell me what the material used is ? ( example : cotton , polyester , cotton on one side , etc . ) 
does it only come with the comforter or does it come with the shams and stuff as well ? 
what is the material 
i have a brick red bed skirt and euro pillows i 'd like to still use . is the red in this more burgundy or would brick red go with it ? 
what is the material of the product ; is it 100 % cotton or polyester blend ? if so what is the threadcount percentage ? 
i have a queen comforter i would like to put this over . would it work for that ? 
is the background of the duvet cover white or off-white ? it 's hard to tell in the picture . 
does this actually fit well on a queen bed ? 
the duvet says full queen . does it fit nicely on a queen sized bed without appearing too small ? 
is there enough orange in the duvet for orange curtains ? ca n't tell from pics- thanks ! 
does the duvet wash well or does it need to be ironed each time ? 
does it have corner ties to attach to the duvet insert ? 
how does this hold up over time and many washings ? 
what brand is this comforter ? 
machine washable ? 
is it a true navy blue ? and is it white , beige or grey , it is hard to tell in the image . 
item model number : mz10-085 - what is the thread count of this item ? 
does it holds well in wash ? anyone washed yours already ? 
what is the stuffing ? someone got chocolate on my bed and my tag came off so i do n't know how to wash it without ruining it 
i 'll ask this question again.. is the comforter reversible ? if so , what color pattern is on the flip side ? 
can you buy additional pillow shams ? 
is the bed skirt included ? 
do you also have this in queen ? 
would this be able to fit my queen size bed ? 
can i get the pillow cases you have on the pictute for the yellow multi ? 
how can i find mizone alison matching fitted shet sets and pillw cases to matchyellow multi comforter set ? 
the title says the size is `` twin xl '' , but the only size options are `` twin '' and `` full '' . if i click the twin size to buy it , will i get that or twin xl ? 
is there a chance of getting this in a king size ? i 've searched the internet throughly for it , but have n't found anything . it would be amazing ! 
what does it include ? 
does it come with the black dust ruffle pictured ? 
is it a dubet 
since some of the reviews indicate that the full queen size does not cover a queen bed properly , can you please give me the dimensions for this ? 
other sellers offer 2 dec. pillows is there a chance of getting the 2 decorative pillows ? i see you only offer 1 
i have coco walls and i really want to buy this comforter set with yellow sets and i wanted to know if that would look good before i buy it ? ? 
if i buy this product this evening and you ship to 96067 would it be here by tuesday ? thanks 
what are the care instructions ? 
are these glasses actually made my luminarc ? 
did you experience any leaking after you close the lid tightly ? 
do these say 500 on the bottom 
do these stack inside each other to store ? if yes , how many can go in one stack reasonably ? 
what are the ounces for each ? 
does this set come with the lids as the picture shows ? 
hi : do these come with lids ? thx 
my unit did not come with instructions . did anyone get instructions ? how do you operate the unit ? i dont want to mess up anything . 
is the visible part of the humidifier actually made out of wood , or is it a plastic that has been formed and painted to look like wood ? 
are you suppose to screw in the white part of the float ? if so why two holes and one screw ? 
what filter does this take ? 
what 's the diff in the 697-500 & amp ; the 697-500hb . is it a newer model or the same . thanks so much.. 
how noisy is this compared to a small a c unit 
what are the dimensions ? 
how hard is it to clean the inside of the unit ? 
how many sq ft will it cover 
how often do it need to be filled ? can you add a small amount of water daily ? is the plastic body strong ? 
one review said the water spilled easily when filling , but i can not even see from the photo where you add water . do you take the top off ? 
has anyone had any issues with the remote ? i purchased one to go with the unit and it only works when it wants to . 
will it work on two story homes 
how high can you get the humidity in the room ? i want to use it in a walk-in humidor to maintain 65 to 70 % humidity . 
do you have to use the super wick ? i have a pure water filter for my water 
would the top of this humidifier support 45 lbs ? 
how stain-resistant are these silicone spoon rests ? cheap silicones stain easily and permanently . 
are these made in usa ? 
each set came with a pouch marked `` bakeware gadget '' and a little red item marked `` kitchen meister '' . what are these used for ? 
each set spoon rests had a plastic pouch labeled `` bakeware gadget '' with little red item labeled `` kitchen meister '' -- what are these ? 
can you stack two of these together or will they slide off ? 
are the drawers removable 
i need this primarily for my jewlery.. earrings , bracelets , chains , etc . will this work ? ? 
i 'm confused . is the photo we see there what comes for that price ? 
how long did it take to receive the item ? i saw ships in 2-3 days , and it has been shipped , but my order info says it wo n't be here for a over a month 
can you take out the black inserts ? 
how tall are the droores ? ? ? 
how tall are the drawers ? my mineral pods are 1.5 '' tall . 
where are these made ? 
how tall is the mug ? 
is this mug microwavable ? 
what 's the diameter on this bad boy ? i want to make sure my hand blender will fit before i buy , thanks ! 
is the mug dishwasher safe . 
what is the exact height ? i 've seen 5 '' and 4 5 8 '' ... i need precisely because this affects whether it will fit under my dispenser . 
can this be used in a conventional oven for heating liquids in a home setting ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is inside seamless ? 
does anyone know if these can be used with the sillisipper tops ? http : www.amazon.com silisipper-sili ... 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
how does this work on hardwood ( laminate and tile ) floors ? i have a dog that sheds so much that i sweep twice a day ! 
does anyone with parrots own this vacuum ? how does it handle feathers , seed , wood chips , dander , dried droppings food , the occasional small toy part ? 
is there a kind of crevice tool included too . ? for corners , baseboards , ceiling fans , over doorways , around cords behind computer desks or other tight spaces , like car seats , etc ? please advise.thanks 
how loud is it ? 
is this easy to use ? 
kenmore 
confused . reviews say it does n't work on carpets and that you need to buy hard floor tool for hardwood floors ... then what does it do out of the box ? thanks . 
how is the cord stored ? i 'm really looking for a small vac that stores easily and that means the cord must retract . 
what accessories come standard with this unit ? 
do you have to hold down the trigger to turn the brush off while on hard floors , or does the trigger lock ? 
hello . just purchased the dc 41 animal . is there two different versions ? mine did not come with the tangle free tool . 
are you an authorized dealer so the warranty is valid ? and is this a previous year 's model ? everywhere else i look this item is a minimum of $ 450 . 
what tools comes with the dyson dc41 animal complete ? 
where does the turbine tool mount or does it not ? 
how does it do for pet hair on hardwood and is there a good attachment that works well for pet hair on furniture ? 
will it work well on my thick shag carpet ? 
is there a release button to relax the coil hose so it is n't impossibly tight to use ? it seems that it will pull the vacuum with it . 
what is the width of the cleanerhead ? is this the animal complete ? 
what is the voltage about this product 
hi , does it vacume carpets well from dog hairs ? thanks ! 
is the color blue or more of a turquoise ? 
do you know the mesurement 
is the blanket soft or more just for looks , i want a blanket that is soft 
is this a warm blanket ? how warm is it ? 
can i used for twin xl since you do n't have the twin xl.. ? 
does it fit well on queen size bed ? 
is the comforter more on a aqua blue or teal ( more green than blue ) ? 
what is a coverlet 
on the listing it says the color is blue , but in the picture it looks teal . is it in fact teal ? 
can this be used on the gray side or does the teal show on that side ? 
can i order two sets of twin extra long in blue ? you do n't have in stock ... .and how long this will take if i can order it ? 
is this machine washable ? 
hello , i have ordered this twice , and i got an email yesterday saying it was out of stock . you now have it listed again . do you have it in stock ? 
dose it come with all the things in the picture ( the 2 blue pillows , the blue and gray striped one , and the other grey one ) ? 
i wan na know am seeing in the pic the other side it 's gray , can we used it as two faces or just the pink side ? 
i need this in a full queen size . where can i find it ? 
what are the dimensions ( height , length , width ) of the pillow ? 
is the z-gel on both sides of the pillow ? 
how soft firm is this ? is this pillow or the z zoned dough gel-infused memory foam bed pillow softer ? 
how big in inches , is the king size vs the queen vs the standard ? ? 
how much does it weigh 
is this the high loft or the low loft pillow ? 
how did you air it out ? 
i have a king bed with king pillow cases wll this king pillow be smaller 
the product has a 5 year warranty , does this warranty cover the product going flat or losing it 's shape ? 
what are the measurements of this pillow ? ? high , wide , deep . 
if used w o a cover , would the gel channels on the pillow leave marks impressions on your skin , or is the surface smoother than it appears in photos ? 
removable cover is cleanable but not waterproof . how do you clean the pillow itself exactly ? 
does this stay cool all night ? my number 1 priority is a pillow that will stay cool for as long as possible . 
how thick is this pillow ? 
i 've read `` in pursuit of the perfect pillow '' , is this pillow good for stomach sleepers ? is it thin and soft , plush or firm , high loft or low loft ? 
how thick is this pillow ? from bed up i sleep on my side with neck and back issues and fibro 
how far does you head sink in when it settles ? 
how many pounds is it ? 
i am a side sleeper and use the bottom and sides to support neck . the the squishy gel feel bumpy or interfere with sleep ? 
will the bonded color prevent them from being used on a magnetic knife rack ? 
do these come with the sleeves ? 
can they be sharpened 
does this unit contain a thermostat . that is , will it shut itself off when the room temperature reaches a specific temp , and will it turn back on ? 
is the flame realistic ? also , can i put the heater on carpeting ? 
is the stove metal or plastic ? 
is this model the same one that is sold through home depot ? they look the same , same price ... 
does it have a fan , and is it hot to touch ? 
does it have a remote control 
do you think the burgundy color takes away from the look of the flame ? if it was black , would the flame show up more ? 
does this unit have to be 36 '' from the wall on all sides or just the back ? does anyone know of a heater that needs less clearance ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
what are the dimensions ? ( it 's not mentioned in the ad . ) 
does this come with ml markings ? 
why does oxo specifically mention metric measurements when this item only shows imperial units ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
will multiple oxo angle metal jiggers stack nest ? do they stack nest with the oxo angled mini measuring cup ? 
will this hold up to fragrance oils ? 
after many trips to the dishwasher , do the markings fade ? 
will these disks work in an old mirro cookie press ? 
in the autumn set ... the disk shown on the bottom , what on earth is that ? lol i ca n't figure out for the life of me what it is . 
will this work with a wilton cookie decorator kit ? 
what is the diameter of the cookie disks ( in the oxo good grips springtime disk set ) ? thank you . 
does anyone know if these will fit the wilton cookie pro ultra ii cookie press ? 
will these fit the wilton comfort grip cookie press ? 
exactly how much liquid volume does each cup hold ? 
what is the diameter of the cup at the base ? 
are these 100 % silicone ? ? ? 
can these be used as an insert in water bottles to keep beverages cold ? 
when i ordered the title said there were 10 , but the description said 5. i asked to clarify and everyone said they got ten . i only received 5 . 
how many molds are there ? the title says 10 , but the description says 5 . 
what are the measurements 
will all three choices of this rack rust if placed outside ? 
what is the weight limit on the shelves ? 
what is the height between shelves and are the bottom shelves deeper than the top ones ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what ounce does the scoops have ? 
how difficult are these to clean ? i plan on using for baking not ice cream and cookie dough can be sticky . should mention - i wash by hand . 
does anyone know the size or circumference for this set ? 
what is the manufacturing origin ( country ) ? 
is this item dishwasher safe ? 
hi what quality are these scoops are they of sturdy or flimsy material . i read one of the answers where a buyer mentioned about a broken one . thanks 
what is being sold ? the description says 3 scoopers , but the image is of 1 red scoop and the package qty options are 1 or 2 . 
hi , will the size of one of these work to scoop filling for ravioli ? thanks ! 
i ordered this item and only received one scoop 
will this tamper fit a delonghi ec860 ? 
can a different-diameter base be fitted to the handle ? 
does it fit the mr. coffee ecm160 4-cup steam espresso machine ? or is 49mm or 50mm better ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
is the 51mm inside diameter or outside diameter 
will this tamper fit a delonghi ec155 ? 
is this good for a krups 972 il primo expresso maker ? 
tamp for silvia rancillo 
will this tamper fit a krups xp1500 machine ? 
will this fit the portafilter for a breville 830 ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is this a baby blue or a greenish blue ? 
the comforter has the blue it or it is just the pillows 
what color is the reverse side of the comforter ? 
where can i find the blue version of this comforter set ( madison park vanessa ) ? 
does this come in a full size set ? 
can i get window valances for this set ? 
is it machine washable ? 
how do you ship ? do you need my street address or po box ? 
the color does n't look blue . is it a greenish blue ? 
i have been searching everywhere for a sea green comforter set . not sure if this set is actually that color ? 
does this fabric have a sheen to it or is it more of a linen matte finish ? 
what brand for best matching sheets greenish blue to match best with this comfort ? 
what are the care instructions for this set ? 
where is this made , what country ? 
is this machine stainless steel ? 
can we clean the machine with wet towel then dry it 
can i make tube shapes , like macaroni or penne ? 
which cutting heads come with the machine ? 
can it make ravioli 
can you use it to roll down pizza dough ? 
has anyone used this to roll clay ? 
can you use this to roll out fondant 
can i make the lasagna sheets with this machine ? 
what size is this cutter ? 
my wife is looking for a cookie cutter to make rice krispie cutouts with . do you think that this item is thick enough to make the treats with ? 
what is its actual size ? 
hi , how wide is the opening to the bottle ? thanks 
would a lego frog fit though the hole ? 
could i fit m & amp ; ms in these as a favor ? 
how large is the opening . some answers say a # 2 pencil size while others say 11 mm which is a bit larger . can i get a confirmation ? 
can these hold polymer clay items like are they big enough for that ? 
are the glasses white or are they completely clear ? they look white in the picture . 
if i put liquid in these & amp ; sealed the cork with e6000 superglue would any liquids come out ? and how sturdy are the corks will they fall apart ? 
will these bottles fit small lucky stars ? 
how many oz do they hold ? 
do they come with the hooks to make them into key-chains ? 
where are they made ? 
what are the dimensions of these bags ? 
how many bags are there in a package ? 
does the vacuum stay upright or easily fall over ? 
consumer reports ranked this bagless at number 35. does that sound right or do you think it should be higher ? 
how wide is it at the base ? 
does it work on high pile carpets ? we have a hoover vac that 's only a year old and it worked great on our old carpet . but , we replaced our carpet last week and at its highest pile setting it 's very difficult to move on our new carpet . does this one ... 
how long is the hose ? 
power 
will this vacuum clean shag , sculpted shag and plush carpet ? 
how does it work on hardwood floors with lots of dog hair ? 
does this vacum include attachments 
is there any adjustments that can be made for scatter rugs 
what is its capacity volume in ml ? 
what does it mean by `` do not microwave the divider '' ? which part is its divider ? 
does it come with the rubber strap which secure both containers ? 
does it keep the food hot ? and so how many hours ? 
does it hold liquids ? 
can you just use the bottom or just the top container on its own . will the covers stay on without the belt ? 
how big are the sides of the bentgo in centimeters inches ? 
are they easy to clean if you put cooked food with sauces ? other plastic containers i had in the past would leave an oily residue after wash . 
do these resist stains from foods such as spaghetti sauce ? 
after 1 use , the top white lid no longer `` clips '' together with the upper divided container to form a seal . what am i doing wrong ? 
why is this categorized as leak-proof if it is not ? 
does it fit in a pack-it 
the strap on top . could a 4 almost 5 year old open it on their own ? is it a buckle ? 
what are the mearsurements ? 
does this keep food relatively warm , say for school lunch ? 
why do you not disclose that the lid will not fit after the first wash ? 
microwaveable safe ? 
can you take out the divider in the top piece so you have one large compartment instead of two small ones ? 
will this fit in a kids lunchbox ? the interior measures 7x4.5x2 in the bottom part , and 7x4.5x4 in the top compartment . do n't care if banded 
what is the total volume of food that could fit inside ? 
does this bento box leak , meaning does it have a good seal ? 
what are the dimensions of the bento box ? 
how well do normal sandwiches fit ? 
does it come with the elastic ? 
i have had 2 bento boxes for almost a yr and didnt use much but somehow both the boxes hav a big crack on top of the lid in center , is it common ? 
does this keep food warm ? how long ? 
will this stay together if i put it in my backpack ? or does it really need its own carrying case ? 
what are the dimensions of this product ? how many inches by inches ? i want to get a carry bag for this . i know they have one available but it 's huge . 
can these be left overnight in refrigerator and or the freezer ? 
made in japan ? or u.s.a ? 
what are the dimensions of the product ? 
can you put salad dressing on your salad , put on the lid and it does n't leak ? how about liquid from olives , fermented foods . ? 
is this leak proof when food items like soups are filled in it ? 
how bright is the green ? is it like lime or neon or a more modest color ? 
can a whole apple fit in it ? 
is this bento microwave safe ? 
after dishwasher use , do the lids warp ? i 'm seeing a few people complain about warping lids , but i am curious if they microwaved with the lid on . 
how long would food stay hot in these boxes ? 
is this *really* safe to microwave ? i thought that when you microwave plastics , harmful chemicals leach out and get into food . 
are the sides solid , or do they `` collapse '' down . we 've bought other boxes , but when we put the lid on , the sides fold down like an accordion . . 
are there any grays in this quilt , perhaps in the shells or on the throw pillows or is it all taupe ? 
is in comfortable ? 
is this set machine washable dryable ? 
does this set come in queen size ? 
is this coverlet quilted ? 
would the king size be ok for a queen ? i like it to be a little oversized but i am concerned about the shams being too big . 
i need a king single size 1.5x 1.9 and can the item be shipped to montevideo uruguay 
does it wear well ? does it develop little pills from wear and tear ? 
i am glad to hear the coverlet is lightweight . is it washable ? 
it says that it is cotton and then in the description it says it is microfiber poly mix . i am looking for a quilt that is cotton on the outside . 
i 'm not sure how close in size a king and cal king are ... but if i ordered a king , would it fit on a cal king nicely or would it be too short ? 
i have a queen size bed with wooden frame around the sides ( so no bed skirt needed ) . think the king size would give better coverage ? 
im confused by the name coverlet . is this like a duvet of an actual comforter ? 
is this rug machine washable ? 
does the pile of the rug matt down after awhile of walking on it ? 
what color is this ? 
could this rug be used in kitchen too ? 
does this show the sagittarius constellation ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what does the packaging look like ? does it come in a box of some sort ? 
where is the mug made ? 
how many ounces does this mug hold ? 
is this mug microwave safe ? 
how many ounces does this mug hold ? 
are the quotes on one side only ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what are all the movies that have quotes included ? 
does this fit both 11 oz and 8 oz presses ? 
is this a 3 cup replacement 
what are the dimensions ? 
can this work with a starbucks french press by bodum ? 
does the temperature switch to warm automatically after the heating time is finished ? 
what is the depth of the inside ceramic cook part ? 
is this crockpot round or oval ? ca n't tell by the picture . 
can you set the slow cooker to cook for 2 hours on high then automatically switch to 6 hours on low , for a total of 8 hours of cooking ? 
what is the watt usage ? is it 120v ? 
does it turn off after it has been on warm for the specified time limit ? 
my lid does n't seem to fit right , it does n't seal like my smaller one and does n't seem to be level . anyone else have this problem ? 
does it have a plastic gasket around the lid ? 
does this device have a lid holder ? 
is the door under the cooler larger enough to fit an extra bottle ? 
is the like a standard water cooler for an office ? or much smaller ? 
when i plugged my unit in after following instructions about running water through it etc . why am i not getting any electricity.lights do not turn on 
can u tell me the height ? 
i just received this cooler . why did water splash out of cooler when i put the water jug in place ? 
how do you get the cold water to flow normal ? it just drizzled out and now it 's not doing anything . 
can you get parts for them ? 
does this have switches to shut off the cooler and heaters ? 
how tall is the unit with a bottle in it ? 
do you have to take off the whole cap off the 5 gal bottle or does it puncture the cap ? 
will this allow a slight swivel from left to right of the tv ? 
will this hold a 60 inch tv 
what are the dimensions of the shelves ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
does the screen swivel ? ? 
are these trays bpa free ? 
are these trays marked `` 2867 '' on the underside ? i 'm trying to match the 2 i already have , so they 'll stack properly . thanks in advance . 
where are these made ? 
do they stack , not nestle ? i would like to place one on top of the other while freezing . short on space . 
what is the country of manufacture ? i am leaning toward rubbermaid but if it is made in china then i will purchase the sterilite item instead ! 
how tall are they when stacked on top of one another ? 
odor free ? 
when filled with water ( not ice ) , can they be stacked ? 
are these ice trays the same as the `` rubbermaid easy release '' ice tray ? 
do they stack ? 
is there a way of correcting the crack that i seem to always get down the middle ? 
has anyone figured out how to stop the silicone from leaking into the ice and then into the drink ? hate the waxy residue they leave in glass . 
what is the diameter of these molds ? 
has anyone used these to make bath bombs ? if so , how did they turn out ? 
do they have a flat bottom ? not the ice but the mold to keep it upright . 
does anyone know where these stone cask ice rounds are made ? 
why would you need ice balls ? 
i need a mattress for the daybed in my guest room , will not be used much do you recommend this mattress ? what do you like about the mattress ? 
i am building a bed and thought this would go good under a memory foam only mattress . would you recommend ? 
can i use this mattress on a bunk bed ? if so i can buy two . 
how many coils in the twin mattress please 
can i use this mattress on a frame without a box spring ? 
do you like the mattress-in-a-box ? 
how does weight does the twin hold ? 
what is the box size for the full ? need to know if it will fit in my car . 
can this mattress be flipped over to the other side and used that way also ? 
are there any capsules included when buying the machine ? 
does this come with milk frothier . 
does the milk frothe come with this bundle as picture ? 
can i just make regular coffee with this ? is the tray removable so i can put a tall cup for brewing ? thanks . : ) 
what coffee do you like 
does it work with 220v ? 
is it plastic 
i read a review on this nespresso which stated that `` ... .love that the pods are reusable ... '' has anyone had success with that ? 
can you make an americana ? basically a full cup of coffee ? 
can this machine use nespresso compatible pods from other manufacturers such a hiline ? 
hi , i am from china , and i want to know how much voltage of this product , 110v or 220 ? thanks 
does this come with any coffee pods ? 
does it come in other colors 
can you use soy milk in the frother ? soy milk is a bit thicker than cow milk . thanks . 
my wife also likes hot chocolate-can you make it in this machine ? 
hi , can it be used in singapore with 250v ? thanks 
can you use coffeeduck refillable coffee capsules for coffeeduck refillable coffee capsules for nespresso -c121 
are there supposed to be two attachments included for the aeroccino ? 
one review stated frother does n't heat milk hot enough does anyone else seem to have that problem ? ? 
how does the frother work ? there is a more expensive model with a removal milk tank . is this similar ? 
what is the voltage rating for this machine please ? 110 vac to 240 vac or 110 vac to 120 vac ? thanks ! 
besides the machine what 's in the box ? 
is the nespresso auto volt 110 220 v ? 
what is the difference between the c-120 ... and the c-121 
i am confused- how exactly does the milk frother work ? is it connected electrically to the machine to make hot milk ? 
is the frother able to heat the milk to a hot temperature . lot of reviews claim that the aeroccino is only able to get the milk luke warm . 
i bought this machine few months ago , but then the coffee doesnt come out very well . i already cleaned the machine one time . what should i do ? 
how often does one have to clean the aeroccino . can i put the aeroccino in the fridge after use and then use it again the next day ? 
does this item provide the international shipping service to china ? 
does the frother work with soy milk 
if i am keeping little people detained in perfect mason 's , would 4 or 5 holes punched in the lid suffice to provide oxygen ? 
are thease good for storing my pot ? 
did anyone else find it odd that the dates on the jars list 1913-1915 ? the miss-stamp should be considered an error . ball palming them off ? ? ? 
are these made in america ? 
what is the size of the individual jars in this 6 pack ? 
you say they are `` 1 pint '' , `` 16 oz '' , and you also say the are `` the size of a standard regular mouth mason jar , 12 oz '' . what is it , 12oz or 16oz ? 
could i use these jars to store dried beans to keep them from getting moldy 
are the jars actually this pleasant pale blue color in real life ? and secondly , is the company name ( ball ) on both sides of the jar or just one side ? 
the lids comes in two pieces , right ? 
will the 2 3 4 '' daisy lids fit these jars ? 
are these legal in all 50 states ? i do n't want to get pulled over on the ice road and find out i am not supposed to be drinking and driving . 
so the actual wine glass inside the tumblr does not come out ? 
are these bpa free ? 
can these be washed in the dishwasher ? 
how many ounces do each one hold ? 
will these glasses fit in standard cup holders ? 
do they come packaged together or individually ? 
can these be personalized ? 
do these come out of the packaging pre-filled with wine ? 
are they see through or are the contents concealed ? 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
how much space will just the chair take up ? i want to put inside playhouse tent , do n't know if it 'll overwhelm the space . it 's 58 '' x58 '' x48 '' high . 
can this chair be pumped up by a foot pump ? how big is the hole at the bottom of it that you pump air into ? do i have to buy an electric pump ? 
do you know how much weight this product will hold ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
i have a space that is about 44 '' x34 '' and the hight does n't really matter but , i was wondering if this whole thing would fit in that space ? 
there is no hole in ottoman . do i need to make whole and pump air in to ? 
how comfortable is the seat ? i have back problems and if the seat is not comfortable i will not be able to use it . is it padded ? 
can the throttle stand be put on the left instead of right side ( like in the picture ) ? 
hi i know the monitors dont come with the chair but does the yoke and pedals ? 
how do you assemble the seat ? 
up to what size monitors will the stand hold ? 
how effective is this product on carpet ? i would use it frequently for cat litter in carpet . thanks . 
can you tell me if the charger that plugs in the wall is rating just for 110 volts 60 hzor if it is rated for 110-220 volts 50-60hz ? 
is this safe for a car ? like to pick up small pebbles without any damage ? 
will this pick up cheerios ? need something convenient and small to clean up after kiddy meal times . 
does this thing have any attachments to narrow the opening etc . 
type of battery ? nickel-hydride ? lithium ? 
i want this for insects . will a spider be able to crawl out if suctioned ? 
is this vacuum more or less noisy than a regular vacuum ? as it is smaller and closer to your head , ear pain is a concern of mine . 
is this a good vaccum for the car ? 
i need a vacuum that will pick up hair from the floor , will this work ? i know some vacuums are not too good on hardwood or tile . 
is the inside all wood ? no plastic or metal ? how many shelves are there ? are they adjustable ? 
when installed , is the cabinet flush against the wall or is it only partly recessed ? 
is this a mirrored cabinet ? 
if i purchase 2 is the shipping $ 84 or $ 42 ? 
could you measure the outside edges of the back of the cabinet so i can know what size wall opening is needed ? ( the width and height of back ) . i appreciate it . thanks ! 
what are the dimensions , width , height and depth ? 
can the door be made to open the other way ? 
do they work on those white plastic hangers ? 
how do you put them on ? i was wondering if they would work on our white plastic hangers that are like a triange . 
what is the shipping rate for hawaii ? 
no problem , just ordered . please ship asap ! : ) thanks 
do you combine shipping for these ? why is it $ 20 to ship two boxes of thes ? 
i want to know if the power light is supposed to stay on when the heater itself is turned off 
how effective is the `` man control '' function of this product ? my boyfriend has been getting out of line lately ... . 
can you hear the fan ? i need something quiet . 
several people have said the blower is loud , is it too loud for discreet office use ? 
does anybody else have a problem with cold air coming out of their heater instead of hot , after a while ? 
what color is the power cord ? 
the heater does n't automatically turn on and off as stated . i followed the instruction manual . 
does this have an auto turn off it it tips over ? 
does the heater smell when you first get it or first turn it on ? 
does it work as a fan only - with no heat - to cool a room slightly ? 
what are the dimensions of this item 
how do you remove brush and replace with new one ! 
about how often do the brushes need to be replaced ? 
what is the length of this brush ? 
how long is this brush ? 
dimensions ? dimensions 
how thick is the cedar , and how thick is the ply ? 
2 people posted 2 different dimensions . what are the real dimensions ? 
what are the proper dimensions ? 
when is amazon going to change the advertised dimensions to actual dimensions ? 
the size `` 7 x 12 x 12 '' is impossible . that 's a box , not a tray . what is it really ? 
what are dimensions of this tray ? 
does it require distilled water or can you use tap water ? 
i wonder if this vacuum is at 220v 
i was wondering if the pads are reusable or do you need new pads everytime you use it ? 
my mop just quit . the light comes on like it is heating up but no steam develops . it is less than 2 yrs old . how can i fix it ? 
can this be used on hardwood floors ? 
can it be used on an outdoor covered patio , and is it effective at removing stains ? 
are pads included 
does the mop work for laminate flooring ? 
can this unit be used on laminate floors ? 
does this come with a triangle shaped head to use on floor ? 
does it work under 220 230v ac ? 
voltage 
does it come with a carpet glide ? 
does this disinfect without having to sit on the surface for 15+ seconds ? 
is available in 220v ? 
can this be used to clean bath tub 
lifespan ? 
how long is the cord ? 
what is voltage is it 110v-240v 50 60hz or what ? 
can this be used on carpet 
mine did not come with triangular pads or the triangular head as noted ... did anyones ? 
can you use the handheld part to steam your furniture ? 
how many users find it difficult to push ? one reviewer said it made her arm sore . i have laminate and tile , any difference ? 
what is the voltage is it 220v - 50 60hz or what ? 
how does this work on cleaning grout ? 
is it compatible with 220 240v power ? 
can you clean the oven with it ? 
i 'm considering buying this steamer to help me loosen and clean dried bird poop from wire grid at the bottom of parrot cages . would it work for this ? 
i want to clean small greasy auto parts with something like this . does it have a concentrated nozzle attachment to work on small areas ? 
does it have a trigger lock so you do n't have to keep holding the trigger with your finger ? 
will the steam from this crack thin glass ( say , on an inexpensive mirror ) ? 
can it be used to get rid of bed bugs , at what steam temp do bed bugs or their eggs die , does it produce the required heat 
can you also use this on clothes to get wrinkles out ? cotton etc 
can this unit steam fabric like fine garments ? 
what temperature does it reach ? 
how does the upper tea pot stay warm on the golda stainless steel turkish tea maker ? 
i broke the small glass kettle , can i buy a new one ? i dont want to buy the whole stainless steel tea maker 
just to clarify - do you heat water in the bottom pot , add that hot water to the top pot to steep the tea ? 
i see in the add that you say stainless steel . what is the strainer for the tea pot made of ? is it also steel or aluminum ? 
is the descaling filter on the base bpa-free plastic ? there is no information about the plastic that comes in contact with the boiling water 
where is this product manufactured , please ? 
how well does the `` warm '' function work ? does it bring the water straight to boiling once in a while ? 
i lost the stainless steel lid . is it possible to purchase a replacement lid ? 
will the power for this item will be able to use in uk . i live in london 
is this product bpa free ? 
is it possible to purchase a matching bedskirt ? is the comforter long enough to cover an oversized mattress ? 
does this set come with pillow cases and the decorative pillow ? 
does it fit comfortably a queen size bed or does it fall a bit short ? 
does this bedding look `` tumblr '' in a teenage girl room ? 
1 comforter 2 shams 1 pillow - ''shams '' what 's this ? 
how warm is the comforter ? is it canadian winter type warm ? 
is this a true `` tiffany '' blue colour ? i am looking for that specific colour 
is the colour like the `` tiffany '' blue ? 
is this moe like turquoise in color ? 
how heavy is the queen size ? 
are the the lids glass ? and the handles , it seems like it would be an inconvenience to be putting them off & amp ; on . also with the handles , do they attach securely , no loose connections ? 
are the lids glass ? 
what is the diameter of the pots ? or at least the largest and smallest diameter ? thanks ! 
what are the sizes ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
why is there a picture of a light and a meter or some electronic thingy with it ? 
are these pans no stick finish inside 
can i order additional handles separately ? 
once all of the pots are nested together , how tall is it ? 
can these also be used in an oven ? 
please answer.. `` does each set come with the screw and washers ? '' thank you 
i would like to know the pole dimensions so i can determine the plate weight and sizes that can be used ? 
do these tarnish or scratch easily ? 
are the components metal ? 
i bought 3 sets of hardware , but did n't receive the drill bit . was the drill bit supposed to come with the product ? 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
did the cake plates come with the product ... because that 's what i 'm expecting ? 
i ca n't figure out how to use this . thought the plates were part of it - now see is says they are not . but where can i get the plates ? 
does it work on 220 volts ? or it is made for 110 volts only ? 
my old crockpot slow cooker keeps food boiling even on `` warm '' setting which is unacceptable . what about this cooker ? does it just keep food warm or continues to boil it ... 
are the crock and lid dishwasher safe ? 
does this unit have a rubber ring on the lid ? 
how long is the cord ? thanks 
is the insert stoneware or some other material ? 
does this model ( 33453 ) come with a cookbook ? 
does the exterior of the slow cooker get too hot to touch ? 
is there a way for this cooker to not work on a timer ? sometimes i cook meals on a low or medium setting for more than 10 hours ... 
does this slow cooker automatically switch to warm after the timer runs out ? 
is it bigger on the inside ? : ) 
i would n't mind paying this price for a solid item , not printed cardboard , does anyone know how to find a life-size tardis made of sturdy material ? 
can you actually go inside of it 
do you have and plans to reduce the scale maby to 7 8 scale so the tardis will fit under a standard us 7 foot celing ? 
how many feet are this tardis 
is there anything inside ? 
i have to respectfully ask how you justify charging $ 245 for this item when it is made out of printed cardboard , breaks easily and has awful reviews ? 
what is the model number for extra trays , screens and fruit roll trays ? 
is this bpa free ? 
do the trays for the nesco snackmaster fit the gardenmaster ? i 've had two snackmasters & amp ; have several trays that i want to keep using . 
do the trays for the nesco snackmaster fit the gardenmaster ? i 've had two snackmasters & amp ; have several trays that i want to keep using . 
how loud does the machine run ? 
how easy is it to clean the trays ? 
what is the usable depth of the trays ? 
what comes with this food dehydrator ? does it have mesh screens and or fruit rollup tray 
how loud is the motor ? ? thanks ! 
does this come with a cookbook ? 
what are the dimensions of the lock ? some bottles have necks that taper faster than in the picture . what 's the smallest size bottle that would work ? 
i need a lot of locks for my bar 50+ ( all sizes ) . can i the the locks with all 1 universal key or i do n't have 50 different keys laying around ? 
would it fit on a bottle of svedka ? they have short necks , a wide mouth , and a producing lip , so i 'm guessing it wo n't fit . 
does the locks fit a half gallon bottle 
do these locks work for wine bottles ? 
does a recipe book come with this bowl and what sort of ingredients are needed to make the ice cream ( heavy cream , lots of sugar , etc . ) 
we have the bem800xl ; this wo n't work with it , will it ? 
does this mixer come with steel wire whisk and paddle attachment ? 
does this bowl have to be put in the freezer to chill it prior to use ? 
how does this mixer compare to other mixers for power 
how long on average will these filters last assuming normal residential use ? 
do i need to use both filters ? 
does anyone know the shelf-life of unopened ( not yet used ) propur proone g 2.0 filters ? 
when you order the propur big - what filters come with it ? there are pictures of the dome filters and all in one . thank you . 
can you use a propur filter in a berkey container ? 
does this water taste as good as freshly distilled ( stainless-glass ) water ? does it taste as good as grocery store vending machine water ? 
are the propur filters as good as the berkey black filter+fluoride post filters ? will they get out exactly the same ? ? 
can propurone 7 '' replace black berkey filters ? ? 
can propur replace black berkey filter ? 
does this product come with 2 additional proone g 2.0 7 '' filter elements for a total of 4 ? how many filters come with it ? 
i would like to know what exactly it removes and how much of it - preferable from the company that makes these filters . they must have a lab report . also : is there a gage that will show you the water levels in the top and in the bottom part ? mina 
does this product filter out nasty smelling sulfur from well-water ? 
i looked at propur big systems about a year ago , and there was a propur big for city water and one for well water . have they stopped making those ? 
does this remove all beneficial minerals ? 
does this system remove living organisms like amoebas and cryptosporidium ? does is remove voc 's ( volatile organic compounds ) ? 
the top does n't seat right into the bottom of my unit . i wonder if i assembled it wrong or if it 's a possible defect . my kitchen was drenched . 
how long does it take to filter the water from empty ? 
probably a silly question , but does it make any dripping noise ? it would drive me crazy if it did . 
is this made by keurig & amp ; bpa free ? 
will it fit keurig b130 ? 
does it fit bvmc kg1 
does the lid screw on , or just push down ? 
will it fit k130 ? 
does it fit my mini , model b30 ? 
does this fit the keurig k40 ? 
does it fit keurig 2.0 550 ? 
does this work with k10 ? 
will these work for hot chocolates & amp ; fit in a k10 brewer ? 
what is the smell people are talking about ? ? 
is the whole thing 100 % memory foam or just the top inch ? i found the intevision wedge too hard too sleep on . 
i have a terrible snoring problem and ca n't find a suitable pillow ! will this help ? 
did this pillow smell ? 
does this come with the small pillow as in picture ? ? 
is this product made in china ? 
is the whole thing made of memory foam or just the top inch like some of the other wedges ? i have the intevision foam wedge with the thin memory foam 
is this pillow only for back sleepers ? 
can this pillow be returned ? does this pillow have a strong smell ? 
is a bag necessary ? could one skip that and just clean it after each dumping ? 
what are the dementions ? 
is the mounting hardware included ? 
why is the shipping cost so high ( 50 % of yukchuk price ) for something made of lightweight plastic ? 
how is this any different from a regular bucket with a tight fitting lid ? 
i am curious - why is shipping only $ 8.57 through the yukchuk site but $ 10.99 through amazon ? 
what is the capacity of this container ? 
how is it to use if you do not mount it . does it tip over easily ? will is stand up when it is empty and the lid is open ? 
how deep are the mounting screws ? 
what is the height of the bucket with the lid open in the vertical position ? 
how often do you have to change this filter on a keurig 
how often do you have to change the filter 
is this a replacement filter for the keurig b150 , b200 , b3000 , b3000se , deluxe filter kit ? 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
is this sink strainer have a stopper with it 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
the product is in stock and qualifies for amazon prime . so why a ship date of oct 20th against an order date of oct 15th . of 
is there a zippered pocket to fit a mac pro computer 
is the bag tea approved ? 
how much weight can this bag handle ? 
is this bag big enough for a beach bag ? 
does this bag have a longer shoulder strap than the one shown ? 
does this bag fit a lot ? i want to use it as a handbag school bag . 
is it waterproof ? if something spilled in the bag , would it leak out of the bag ? 
did you have any trouble with color bleeding from the material ? 
how big is that outside pocket . would it fit a 3rd generation kindle ? 
are the dimensions wrong ? 
can the strap be tightened to act as a handle to carry in hand 
will this hold a hand towel and water bottle ? hand towel and two water bottles ? 
has anyone tried this with a planetbox launch or rover ? 
country of origin and does it pour without drips 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
would it work with 220 volts in europe ? 
is this teapot lead-free ? 
is this tea pot can put on tea pot warmer ? 
can you use the pot without the infuser ? 
can use an stove ? 
is this teapot oven top safe ? 
does it shut off automatically when it comes to a boil ? 
i have a platform bed , i think its called a captains bed , king size . will this work on top of the platform with no legs ? ? ? 
i ca n't seem to get ahold of anyone at the company . seems like they might be challenging to work with . any thoughts ? 
i have a tall bed frame so i would like the base to be as high as possible . what is the maximum height of the base ? can the 4 '' & amp ; 7 '' legs be combined ? 
is there tax in ny on this mattress ? 
what is the cost for the split king mattresses without the adj bed ? 
a bookcase headboard works much better for me than a nightstand . could i get a one use it with this ? or do i have to use theirs ? 
how long does it take for the new mattress smell to go away ? 
can each twin frame of the split king be carried up a stairway separately ? our stairway hall is not tall enough to have a king frame carried up them . 
how heavy is each piece , mine has to go to the second floor around a staircase ? 
do the 2 pieces tie together ? or is there a gap between them ? 
does this product have a carved-out handle on the front face , i.e . the one w the 45 insert logo ? other online images show that but this one does n't . 
are they stackable ? and if so , how high ? 
just got these , and the sticker is obvious and kinda ugly , not at all like the photo ... is that normal ? 
how easy is assembly ? not very good at assembling furniture , etc ... 
the dimensions suggest this is 1 2 too tall for the kallax from ikea ... .has anyone tried it 
is there a protective bottom ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
will this fit an oster bvcb07-z ? 
will this fit oster model # 6838 ? 
will this jar base work with the ice blade ? ( 4961 ) 
will this jar bottom also fit a regular mouth mason jar ? 
will this fit a 564a base `` '' beehive '' retro blender . purchased a base on ebay that promised to be `` universal '' ? but the seal `` smoked '' in 60 sec . 
will this fit a classic osterizer imperial viii model 542 ? the original jar bottom is cast metal . 
will it fit an oster model bccg08 
what material is this made of ? my blender came with a polish alumimum one . 
will this fit the 'classic ' model ? the one that has only 2 speeds ( bar quality ) . 
will this base fit on oster blender model # 238 ? this is not identical to the one i have 
are these bowls microwaveable ? 
we are going on water rationing next week . i want something to keep at each sink and collect the cold water as the water heats up . would this work ? 
are they made of soft plastic or hard , melamine-like plastic ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
capacity 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
other than pasta , can it cook grains ? and veges ? 
for 1 2 lb angle hair , how much water ? so far using a enough to cover the pasta and an inch more does not work at 1100 watts . tia 
if mw wattage higher than 800 should full power be used and adjust for time or use a lower power to approach the 800 ? tia 
my pasta always comes out stuck together . what do you suggest to prevent this ? 
for how many persons is the pasta cooker ? 
can you salt the water like when cooking regular pasta , and can you cook with broth , etc ? 
how does it work ? is it different from cooking pasta on the stove , aside from the location change ? 
can you cook spaghetti for 2 , or boxed mac & amp ; cheese with this ? 
what is the background color ? is it white or cream ? 
does the king quilt come with king shams or standard ? at the top of the page it says king shams and further down it says standard . 
found this quilt on amazon & amp ; kohls.com- would you mind looking at its picture on both amazon & amp ; kohls & amp ; tell me which one color is more accurate ? tks 
what are its exact measurements ? 
what is the size of the quilt ? 
how well does it wash up ? 
i ca n't tell from the picture but are these green and ivory rowland shams quilted too ? 
is that secondary color a bright white , ivory , or oyster ? 
would hunter green sheets be too dark to go with the green in this quilt ? 
does anyone one know where i can buy the sheets in the photo ? 
is this quilt true to size . i have a queen size bed 
could i connect this to a kitchen sink ? i do n't have access to an outdoor garden hose outlet . any suggestions for adaptors , etc ? 
i have a 5 gallon pot ( 10 inches high , 11 inches diameter ) . would i be better off with a 25 ' coil or would this 50 ' coil work ? 
for those who have had this for a while , have you had any leaks ? i made one myself , and it almost consistently leaks . ( and looks like butt ) 
how tall is the coil not including the arms ? is this copper tube 3 8 in outer or inner diameter ? 
will this reach all the way into a keggle ? or is it to short ? 
what exact characters will i be getting and how tall and wide are they when cut ? when can i expect them to arrive 
are these shipping from within the us ? would arrive before xmas if ordered today ? can you confirm what characters will be included in the set ? thanks ! 
the picture and the description of these cookie cutters are different . which cookie cutters are included in this sale listing ? thanks . 
can distance from attachment screw centers to handle stop be moved ? my old cable is 5 1 4 inches . total wo handle is 35 1 4 in , 4 3 4 to z bend . what do you recommend ? 
the length on the exposed cable that i 'm replacing is 7 '' from the spot your picture shows the measurement of 6 '' . do you have one w a longer cable ? 
what is the overall length of this cable ? 
what tools needed to replace parachute style release handle 
i have a people lounger sofa and i pulled the handle off . how do i figure out which cord to get to replace it ? it appears there are different sizes . 
we have a recliner from rooms to go we tried a 38.25 total cable length and z tip 3.25 ? the mechanism would not retract to click foot ! 
did yours come with assembly instructions ? 
what tools attachments actually come with this listing ? 
hello , will it work with 220v ? 
i see that your machine comes with the hardfloor tile cleaner . can it be used on a hardwood floor ? also , do you have the sander attachment ? 
how does the 5 year warranty work if i live 2000 miles from your store ? do i have to ship it at my expense or can i take it to local repair facility ? 
is h2go the same as waterman alkaline purifier ? what are the differences ? 
i use a pur on my faucet . do i even need this for this product ? just want to get water as clean & amp ; alkaline as possible . 
does it filter out flouride ? 
water from h2go seems cloudy and is giving me a headache . new filter was cleaned as per the instructions . how do i fix this ? 
what size is this product and how much water does it holdl ? 
i brought a purifer , and i like it . i have a `` total dissolved solids ( tsd ) '' tester . the water reads about 170 ppm . other waters that i have tested ( tap and bottled ) are reading lower , anywhere from 25 - 50 ppm so far . would this have anything to do ... 
how often should the filter be replaced ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
up to what number does it go to ? i tried a 9 and it gave me a headache . 
where can i buy the replacement filters ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
i need a soft mattress topper because my camper mattress is too firm . is this one soft ? 
the descrption says `` short queen '' but the dimensions say 80 x 60 x 3. a short queen is 75x60 ? anyone know which measurement is correct ? 
how thick is this ? is the foam gel infused memory foam , vent holes or latex ? i am trying to compare with another , you do not provide many facts . 
could you tell me how thick it is ? thanks . 
how comfortable is the mattress ? our rv mattress is very hard and we are looking for a cooling memory mattress that will assist with comfort . 
how many are in a pack ? 
how many come in a package ? 
how many come in a package ? 
is there a paper liner between each foil liner ? 
can you reused them ? and can i used them in the refrigerator for cold desserts like mini cheesecakes ? thanks in advance , monica 
does it include the lid ? 
does it include the lid ? 
can you put one of these foil cups inside a party colored paper cup so you still get to have fun with colored paper cups for birthday parties ? 
what is the height of these liners ? 
use on hardwood floors 
how reliable is the rewing feature ? does it have a normal manual hook if the rewind breaks ? 
is it easy to use and reliable 
is there a warrantee and how long ? 
how loud is the vacuum ? on a scale of 1 - 5 maybe ? 
how good is this vacuum at sucking up kitty litter from the carpet ? 
does the brushroll turn off on the hardwood setting ? 
how do you connect the hose to use the attachments ? 
does it hot blow dirty air into the room 
does it blow dirty air into the room or is it a closed system ? 
can anybody tell me the weight of this and what the warranty is ! 
i want to make sure this hoover will not groove my wood floors . i had an older hoover that chewed up everything with its roller brush despite repairs . 
how does this machine do removing pet hair from carpet and furniture ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
how does this do on high pile carpet ? 
can it be laid back low enough to get under furniture ? 
how loud is it ? 
my mother is disabled & amp ; is having trouble using her old vacuum - she has 3 cats and persian rugs + hardwoods - would this work as her sole vacuum ? 
how much is the power supply of 110 or 220 ? ? 
what is shipping size and weight ? thanks 
how well does this vacuum pick up pet hair ? i have a corgi and there 's a lot of 2 inch hair . 
does the beater bar turn off when it is in hard floors mode ? 
i want a quiet vacume as pssible . 
how well do you like the furniture cleaning attachment ? ? ? 
does this have a retractable cord ? 
does the handle fold down or does it remain as pictured ? 
i have a 1800sqft home mostly carpet ( kitchen bathrooms and hall ways are tile ) would this vaccum be good for the size of my home ? 
pet har 
how heavy is it 10 lb. ? ? ? ? ? 
does it vacuum wood floors ? 
what size is this ? 
i bought one of these . i thought that it was supposed to have specially shaped foam . mine looks like shredded foam . why is this ? 
are these pillows the yellow , white , green or blue size as advertised on the mypillow web site 
how do you wash or clean the my pillow ? 
how long does it last ? i bought a very comfortable , and very expensive bamboo pillow . it broke down within six months . 
is this the `` white '' firmness ? 
what is the difference between the classic and the premium king size my pillow ? 
what color is this ? white , green ? 
is this a medium-firm ? 
is it for those who sleep on their stomach 
i 'm purchasing this for hotel rooms when i travel . can you adjust the angle ? hope so because the picture is showing it pointed up . 
what kind of usb adapter can you use with this fan in my car ? 
what kind of batteries do this take ? 
hi , i 'd like to know what is the height from the bottom of the table to the middle shelf . i 'd like to use this to put my cable box on . thanks . 
i have a 32 '' flat screen tv , will this support it 's weight ( approx . 20 # ) ? 
the table comes disarmed ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawer ? 
the width is 11 '' and the height is stated by no length 
how long is the table ? depth of shelves 
what is the maximum weight this table support ? 
36inches height or length ? 
is the back still espresso wood color ? 
size ? 
has anyone had to wash the thing yet ? i mean theres always a little wine leftover in a glass , which may dry . any success ? 
what country was it made in ? 
who is the shipper fedex or ups ? 
can you get it without the writing ? 
is it glass or plastic 
does this product come in a box ? i would like to buy a couple to raffle at a wine tasting event for a charity . thanks 
can i drink water out of this ? 
does the wine glass detach from the actual bottle part ? 
does it come in a box 
i ordered this item before christmas . instead , without warning , i was shipped your complaints department mug . is this available ? 
that is it plastic and that there are 4 of each color plate bowl 
was thinking of ordering these but am hesitant as there is a warning to put in the top of the dishwasher . have you tried these on the bottom shelf ? 
microwave safe ? ? ? ? ? ? 
can you wash them in dishwasher 
is product microwave safe ? 
is this microwavable 
how many filters are there in the box ? 
are these filters compatible with the filtramax water filtration system ? 
is this compatible with dupont wfpf13003 universal whole house ? 
will this filter fit a kinetico model 517 system ? 
is this compatible with ge houehold sediment filter 
can i combine carbon and other filters in 3 filter system 
are they made in the usa ? 
what is the spigot made of : plastic or stainless steel ? 
how much clearance is under the spigot ? 
is the base separate from the body ? 
how tall is this dispenser ? 
where was this made ? 
does this dispenser have a metal spigot ? 
do you have 1.5 gallon available ? 
what 's up with the description ? 
are they made of plastic 
are they made in china ? 
the description is whacko ! it sounds like it is describing suede shoes ? ? ? 
1 ) is the masala dabba stackable ? if i order two , can i stack one container on the other ? 2 ) is the lid easy to get off ? 3 ) do the spices stay fresh ? 
how many spoons does this come with 1 spoon or 7 ? i see both quantities mentioned . 
is the top glass or plexiglass or plastic ? 
what is the length of the spoons included ? 
what 's the diameter and height of of the containers ? ( small containers and the big box ) can you close the lid with the spoons in the spice containers ? 
would like to know how deep the seat is and how long and the height from the floor to the seat . 
does it have a sleeping bag attached ? 
love this but it 's dirty and my zipper does n't work to wash it ! can you buy replacement covers ? anyone have the same issue ? 
my son is 40 in . tall , how well would he fit on this couch - on the seat and folded out ? 
is it durable enough for an adult to lie on it when folded out ? 
does it have a slee ping bag attached ? 
how long is it when it is folded out ? 
what is `` ceramic infrared induction '' cooking ? ! i know what induction is ( magnetic ) - and i assume that `` infrared '' is like the smooth glass-tops ... but 
i want to buy this for my mother who like to do asian hot pot dishes . can i put this cooktop on a wood table ? i do n't want to burn the table . 
how large is the heating surface ? thanks 
does it have a cook-time limit of 2-3 hours like an induction cooktop ? or can i use it to make stock - 18 hour simmer ? 
if i wanted to use this cooktop as a warmer , would the lowest setting be too hot and melt a tupperware bowl of leftovers . 
how to reset error message of e7 ( relay cutting-off ) 
are 12 temperature levels enough ? seems like it might be frustrating - ca n't get things to just siimmer , etc . or maybe it 's sufficient ? 
right now i have a nuwave . would this be better than what i have now ? 
how much does it weight ? considering this for traveling . 
hi , where is this item made from ? 
what are the delivery options for this item : on a set day of the week , such as thursday or friday ; and , brought up one flight of stairs ? 
is the top of the table a veneer or is it solid wood ? 
can just the bench be purchased if the set with 9 chairs is purchased ? 
is there any way to order extra chairs ? 
is there any way to order extra chairs ? 
what kind of material is on the chairs ? 
what kind of solid wood is it ? is everything , including table top , sitting base leg of chair is solid wood ? 
is this item delivered in multiple boxes ? 
when the table extension leaf is added , is there enough room for 4 chairs on each side for a total of 10 people ? also , can additional chairs be purchased ? 
bought the bench to check out the finish . the table finish appears to be far more variegated in the photos than on the bench we received . true ? 
can you tell me how much assembly is required ? 
would like to know exact height . thank you ! 
main description shows depth as 9 '' ; your answer to a question is 14 1 2 '' .. which is it ? 
can you tell me if an overweight person would be able to sit on this stool for several hours because they have problems standing for long periods of 
you say the barstool is heavy duty.what i want to know is how much weight can it hold and for how long a time ? . 
what is the overall depth of this stool ? 
is it possible to buy just stool ? 
how much does one stool weigh ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat part for these stools ? 
what is this made out of ? is it actually stone ? if so , what kind ? 
can i use this in a kamado joe cooker that goes up to 700 degrees ? 
hello joe , my cook-air grill . gets to 1,000 deg.in 5 min . is fast heating a problelm ? do you make a 12 inch round stone ? 
i have a kamado joe grill do you need to place the stone directly on the diverter plate ? 
what is the warranty - specifically in regards to cracking 
what types of instructions , if any , come with this stone ? 
is this made in usa ? 
i 'd like to heat my stone under a broiler to 900f . can this stone handle that ? 
is it worthwhile getting hte hepa filter for this s83890 vacuum cleaner ? 
do the parts that you carry up stairs to vacuum rugs really total 28 pounds ? seems heavy . 
if i purchase this vacuum through amazon.com will miele honor the warranty ? 
can you purchase the handheld pet brush for any of the cheaper models ? a $ 450+ price difference just to get that toool seems excessive ... 
how often do you change bags on average ? i have 2 golden retrievers . 
my home has alot of carpet , i have 6 cats in my home , how well does it work on carpet ? i 'm wondering if this would clean as well as the miele s 8990 ? 
what is the voltage ? 110v or 220v ? 
does the s8380 come with or need additional hepa filters and does it come with bags . if necessary , , which bags or filters come with the vacuum ? 
how much does this vacuum weigh ? 
is this vacuum overkill if i do n't have any pets ? 
how does the marin compare to others in the s8 series ? we have dogs and cats , mostly hard floors , some area rugs . 
how many filters does this vacuum have other than the hepa filter ? do they need to be changed often ? 
what is the length of the cord on the miele s 8590 marin ? 
which marin s8590 has lighted power head 
does it have headlights on the seb 217 ? thanks . 
how much does the miele marin weigh ? 
is there `` power '' to the cleaning head brushes ? 
is suction excellent 
can i buy a marin with seb 236 here in amazon ? 
what is the warranty on this vacuum ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are they odourless ? 
how big are they 
do they float ? 
are they food grade safe stainless steel ? where are they made ? 
a little concerned about the customer that wrote `` only 6 came in the set though the box says 8 '' . is that true ? 
is it fda approved ? bpa free ? what 's the food grade classification of this product ? 
what liquid is used inside the cubes ? 
what is the finished size 
what is the measurement from the floor to the seat ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair when folded ? 
how do you carry this chair ? does it have backpack like straps ? 
how is the pocket holding capicity 
will this chair handle 250 pounds and what is the width of the seat ? ? ? ? 
how many inches from the ground to the seat ? 
is the back removable for embroidery 
can i use this to clip my pants on to my suit hanger so i wont find my pants on the floor when i get ready to wear my suit ? 
how do they attach to the hanger ? 
can these clips be used on any thin hangers ? 
do these clips work with the joy mangano huggable hangers ? 
could these clips fit over a 1 4 '' round rod ? 
can you supply these clips with the black velvet finish . the photo seems to be the basic black plastic with no velvet . 
can these be used on the thin metal hangers that come from the dry cleaners ? 
do these clips leave marks on your clothing or are they smooth on the inside ? 
you answered that these re difficult below . can you explain what is difficult when hanging pants using this product ? 
i have shirt dress hangers and not the suit hangers ( triangle shape ) ? can the clips be used on these w out the horizontal bar ? 
what is it 's blade size ? 
can this be wall-mounted ? 
my remote control stopped working . what to do ? 
do you have the option to turn the oscillating function on and off ? thanks ! 
size of the fan ? 
size of it ? 
anyone know what the sleep function does ( breeze sleep ) ? there are seperate timer buttons , so that is n't it . manual only states breeze . quieter no ! 
is it quiet ? 
quiet 
does it support 220v input power ? 
does this fan have a timer ? ( can i leave it on all night without it automatically turning itself off ? ) 
what kind of remote , round or rectangle ? ? 
can this fan do exhaust intake ? i 'd like to have atleast one fan exhaust air out of my room 
what are the noise levels for each speed setting ? 
if you use the fan vertically are there vertical extenders to fit a slim tall window ? 
for the manual control fan : i 'd like to run this from an electrical timer . when running , if you unplug it and replug it , does it start running again 
what is the size ? 
what 's with the temperature control ? i do n't see a heating element . does it do anything ? 
expanders for 42 in window 
how long is the power cord ? 
what is the height , width range , and depth of this product ? 
is there a simple way to clean these fans ? ie : do the balde covers come off so that they might be washed and the blades cleaned ? 
can water spill out from the lid ? it seems there is no cover on the lid to prevent water spill out from the outlet . 
hey is this cup ovenproof ? 
is this silicone ? 
can it fit under the kuerig spout ? hubby needs one for work that i do n't mind him taking out of the house . 
this product is from starbucks or strabucks ? 
is the logo on both sides ? 
ca n't you get these for a dollar at starbucks ? ? ? 
is this the same cup that is available at any starbucks location for $ 1 ? 
what is the material 
what is the material 
is the material like feathers ? i want to make sure they ca n't come off and possibly be eaten by a child ? 
hi , i am a bit nervous buying this item since there are no reviews . is there anyone that can help me determine its quality ? thank you ! 
can you use it like a step stool , and store something inside ? 
hello i am interested in buying two of these ottomans . are they a true bright white or a creme ivory color ? 
buying this as a ottoman for sitting at a dressing table but people saying its bean baggish is pushing me off does it sink in like a bean bag ? 
are they made of real egyptians or some sort of cotton or microfiber ? 
are these microfiber sheets 
where are these made 
are these italian sheets made of egyptian made in italy , egypt , or china ? 
are these made of cotton ? 
is there elastic all the way around the fitted sheet or is it just on the fitted corners ? our mattress is 10 inches thick might these fitted sheets be too loose ? 
elastic ? 
which product do i need to use to push the air out ? i cant find it anywhere . 
can bags be reused ? 
do clothes come out wrinkled ? 
we have a cottage on the bay and have mice ! when we are gone , they like to nest amongst the sheets , comforters , etc . are these bags mice proof ? ? 
do pillows fluff back up to normal size ? 
sorry for not being clear , of the 15 bags how many bags which size are vacuum sealed and which once are roll up bags ? i am looking for roll up bags . 
are the bags resusable ? 
what kind of vacuum can we use with it ? 
i have a king size comforter , would that fit in one of the bags ? 
can you use a shopvac with these instead of a normal vacuum cleaner ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many cards does this box hold ? 
is this a sturdy box , or is the wood thin . i am decorating boxes for gifts , and i do not want them to be flimsy or break with use like hobby lobby 's 
will it hold 4x6 divider cards without bending them ? 
are you now shipping to johannesburg south africa ? 
what wood is this made of ? we are looking for one in walnut 
does it fit 4x6 index cards ? 
what are the internal dimensions of this box ? 
i need a box that will hold cards that are 6 1 4 '' wide x 4 1 4 '' tall . will they fit in this box with the lid closed ? 
does this fit model 550 
i 'm confused . can you put your favorite coffee in this to make your coffee or do you still use a pod ? 
what is this made of ? is it plastic and is it bpa free ? 
does the one cup have a cone shape to fit the gevalia dual cup traveler machine ? 
does this fit the keurig vue machines 
does the filter fit in the b30 single serve keurig ? 
does this fit into the holder of keurig reusuable filter codffee 
can they fit around small burners or are the holes one size ? 
what is the thickness of foil 
what is the length and breadth is it 8.5 ? 
what is the diameter of the hole in the foil pan ? 
what is the thickness of the liner ? 
will the hole fir over all gas stove burners ? i f not could you give me the size of the hole in the foil pan ? 
does this machine have dual boilers ? 
1. what is the temperature of the espresso ? 2. when using top quality beans would you get the crema on top ? 
can you make a macchiato that uses less milk than a cappuccino ? 
is it necessary and a good idea to use the water filter for this machine ? 
the dimensions are stated as 13.4 '' x 10.1 '' x 17.5 '' . is this in the order of length x depth x height ? 
hi there , would like to know if we purchase it from amazon , does it come with a warrenty ? and how many year is it ! thx a lot 
does it work with 'oily ' beans i.e . the very dark roasts 
can i use this machine in england ? or it is only 110 ? 
what is the voltage ? i need 220v . 
what are the power voltage ? is this 120v or 220v or dual ? 
what is the weight ? 
what are the dimensions of the table and how tall are the chairs ? 
does anyone have this espresso table and the kidkraft espresso toy box ? wondering if the colors match . 
i would like to transition my 14-mos-old from his high chair to a table setting . can this table stand up to food spills and daily cleaning wipe-downs ? 
does the espresso stain have a strong chemical smell ? 
what is the max weight for the chairs ; i want it for my 4 year old twin grandsons ? 
is this table good for a 6 yr old ? 
can you order additional chairs ? it shows only 2 chairs but i want 4 total 
does the espresso stain have a strong chemical smell ? 
is the color black or espresso ? says espresso but looks darker than that from the picture . 
we have a smooth cooktop and can only use certain pots and pans and am wondering if this is okay to use ? my old pressure cooker says not to use it on smooth cooktops so need to find another one that will work . 
does this product have a gasket ? 
will this work with an induction cooktop ? if not , who makes one similar in size and price . maybe i 'll have to get a manufacturer to make them for me . 
can you use a induction cooktop ? ? 
will half gallon jars fit in this pressure canner ? 
i just bought this and when it arrived i realized it does not have a pressure gauge ? how are you supposed to know what pressure you are at ? 
all my recipes call for a certain pound pressure for a specific amount of time . where is the gauge to know what pressure it is at ? 
can this be used on an electric stove ? at a high altitude ? 
how come no one has mentioned that this is not made in the usa ! 
what is the recommended size of trash bag should be used on this wastebasket ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it come in a bigger size 
is this made of plastic ? 
i just want to know the dimensions ... .length and width . no one answers this question ! 
what are the dimensions of throw ? [ it seems sellers often fail to provide this necessary info ! ! ! ] 
how predominant is the pink vs red in design ? 
is the background beige or white ? 
what are the colors ? 
is the orange a bright orange or a peach color ? 
is it machinewash and dry ? 
i want to know size of this item 
what is the size of the throw ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this stainless steel or aluminum ? 
will this valve fit to 1.5 litre prstige cooker ? 
does this work for prestige 4l alumnium cooker ? the value number is 12 . 
i have an old prestige pressure cooker and have melted the safety plug will this fit ? 
will this fit 2l nakshatra plus pressure cooker ? 
does it fit for 3l prestige pressure cooker ? 
will this valve can be used for pigeon cooker as well . 
does it fit an aluminium 5 l pressure pan ? 
do you have another parts for electric pressure cookers ? i am looking the air outlet valve for montel living well pressure cooker . 
does the pack contain only 1 safety valve or more ? 
which pressure cooker safety valve will fit myhawkins 1.5 liter cooker ? 
will it fit hawkins contura 3.5l hard anodized cooker ? 
how do i find the tool to change this valve ? 
right now i dont have anything else toorder so can i order only the valve 
do i need tools to fit the safety value ? 
how many pounds of pressure does it allow ? 
i have a hawkins 3 liter classic pressure cooker . will this valve fit my cooker ? 
is this one will work for 2.5l hawkins pressure cooker 
does the pack contain only 1 safety valve or more ? 
what is the fusing metal ? lead ? aluminum ? 
how many cups does it hold ? the dimention is ? thank you . 
how does the top open ? i have troublesome hands and wonder if this will be hard to open . thanks 
in what way is this modular ? your ambiguous non-sequitur angers my wife . 
bpa 
how many times have you poured your cereal from this thing only to have the awesome experience of the top coming off , cascading cereal bits all over ? 
is it airtight so cupboard moths ca n't get inside ? 
i 'm looking for something to store dry cat food in that wo n't open if they knock it off the shelf . do you think this will do the job ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
how tall is this item ? my cabinet shelves are a bit more than 10 inches tall , and i want to make sure it would fit . 
homedepot is selling these right now for $ 17 ... is this price for a set of two ? 
is the top removable ? 
on your website it says they are sold in sets of 2. so it is $ 28 for one or for 2 ? 
why is amazon charging almost twice as much for these ? 
really ? ! it 's $ 26 for 2 straight from rubbermaid . 
can you tell me how heavy it is , in ounces ? 
does the comforter have loops or buttons on it to connect to the inside of the duvet cover ? 
it says it 's covered in microfiber fabric . is that really hot or even stiff ? 
does this comforter make crinkling noises as you move around ? 
using it in a duvet insert , has anyone had any trouble with it moving around and not staying put ? i have a pottery barn duvet . 
does it make noise ? 
what is the size of this product ? 
one gallon port wine 
i have a one gallon jug similar to the one advertised but need the plug and airlock . can you sell that piece separately ? 
can you also let me know what the exact weight is of the item ( without the shipping materials ? ) thanks so much ! 
ann from us again : our kettle will plug into a grounded 110 volt ac outlet . does this item come w appropriate plug or adaptor for us ? 
how long is the cord ? will use in our travel van and need an electric kettle at & lt ; =800 watts to spare our inverter . other kettles to suggest ? 
is the inside body stainless steel or plastic ? also , how to descale the mineral build-up inside kettle ? 
i am in the us and want to buy this , the included adapter is the only thing i need , right ? also , do the cups spoons pictured come with the kettle ? 
is it bpa free ? another viewer had asked this but the response was `` uncertain '' . 
hi , what volume does this hold ? ca n't seem to find that in the description . thank you . 
which side should be on top ? the hard or the soft ? 
how much does the queen mattress weigh ? 
is the cover removable ? 
what are the messurements for a queen and a full ? i ; m not sure what i need . 
can you use this mattress for an adjustable bed frame ? 
7 inches deep ? 
does the item cum floded in a box ? and if i order now by when will it arrive ? 
can you please tell me the country of origin 
what 's the dimension of this mattress ? 
length and bredth 
what is visco latex ? i have never heard of this combo . i am familiar with all latex and am familiar with visco memory foam but never a combo of them 
what is the country of orgin ? 
can this be used for sleeping on the lower back instead of the neck ? 
can anyone tell me what color the foam is ? i have a similar pillow with green foam that is very firm but i ripped the tag off and do n't know the brand 
what are lumbor rolls dimentions 
where is this made ? 
the dimensions above are 16 x 16 x 4. is that correct ? ? ? 
what are dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is this `` furry '' or is it the same feel as a t-shirt ? 
poliester or cotton ? thank you ! 
is it actually soft furry or is it cotton ? 
will this item be back in stock ? 
is the picture of this comforter an accurate description of what it actually looks like ? 
are there curtains available to match this bedding ? 
what is the shipping box size , thank you 
does it comes with the 3 pillows ? 
is it really faux fur ? it does n't look it in the picture . 
is the bedskirt in a leopard print or a solid colour please ? 
what is the length , width , circumfrance , etc of this pillow and the petite one ? 
what is the diameter in inches ? 
is the diameter 6-1 4 '' or 7 '' ? 
hi , i 'm thinking about ordering these in the `` beige '' . would you say the beige is more of an `` off-white cream '' or tan ? 
how long is the pillow ? 
does it have autostart after poer interuption 
can i have this drain into my sump pump ? 
is the built in pump warranteed for more than one year ? 
how many square feet does this unit dehumidify 
has anybody used this dehumidifier in a crawl space ? 
is a drainage hose included with the unit ? 
what size is the tubing for the built-in pump and is it provided ? 
i have a drain near the location i want to put my dehumidifier . does the pump function have to run , or can i just let it drain using gravity ? 
will the pump still go on if you drain directly into a floor drain ? 
is the hose a separate purchase or is it included 
how deep is the unit from the front of the unit to the back including room for the hose to bend 90 degrees to flow into a sink ? 
does it use a standard garden hose for continuous drainage ? 
what angle does the warm air come out the top ? straight up or forward , and can this be adjusted ? 
is the sound pretty noticeable when it starts back up after cycling off ... would it be hard to sleep in the same room or one room away ? thanks . 
how many watts does this use ? the brochure claims 240 watts , which seems low , especially since it also states that it uses 4.5 amps . thanks . 
what 's the capacity of the tank ? 
moisture that collects is basically distilled water ? there 's a drought here , though humid near ocean . the water would work for watering houseplants ? 
can this unit be positioned basically flush against a wall ? seems like the air intake is only in the front and the exhaust at the top ? 
does this unit have a continous run fan ? looking for this feature to keep air circulated , even when it is not dehumidifying . 
does this unit come with a drain hose that connects to the rear drain opening ? 
does this unit put off much heat ? thanks , mike 
does it come with a manufacturer 's warranty ? 
what are the details of the lifetime warranty ? anyone used the warranty ? 
what is the correct way to clean this pan ? thanks in advance 
does this work on induction cooktops ? 
will it make my food turn red ? 
how to clean burnt food 
has anyone had any problems at all with food getting stuck to this pan ? 
hello guys ! what is the proper way of cleaning this pan ? thanks in advance 
are refurbished juicers guaranteed for 12 years ? 
description says 12 year warranty but box says 15 year . which is it ? 
what voltage is this machine . i am on european 220v is this machine the same or is it usa 120v ? 
the product description clearly states this comes with a 12 year warranty , yet all i received was a limited 2 year warrantly . how will this be fixed ? 
where can i find the upc code for the juicer ? 
when i 'm juicing tougher things like carrots or apples the drum moves slightly , is this normal ? 
i love juicing tough root vegetables like beets and carrots . can this juicer handle it ? if not any good suggestions ? 
concern about one reviewer stating auger scraping off bits of plastic from dispensing wall . was this a defective model or does this occur on a regular basis with this juicer ? 
can you juice wheat grass with this juicer 
why is the revers and on function backwards . the auger goes the right direction when i hold down the revers button and backwards when `` on '' 
how does it act as a food processor ? does it chop and slice , etc . like one . 
what is the advantage of this juicer over a good blender ? i have a bosch blender . 
are the same accessories included with this machine as with new machine ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
the same seller 'juice blend dry ' is selling one refurbished juicer for $ 178 and another for $ 199 . has anyone bought the cheaper one and had issues ? 
is the motor voltage 110or 200v ? ? 
amazing juicer ! one question : the locking mechanism on mine ( locks in the auger and tube ) comes away from the base about 1 4 in . when locked . is this normal ? 
i want to know how many volts the 8004x has ? was thinking of going with the 8224 but needed 2 know the difference . 
what is the warranty for this reconditioned item ? is it the same 15 year as new ? 
i live out of u.s and my concern is . does it works ar 220 volts ? 
does this comes with round and pasta nozzles , two-stage juicing screen , blank cone , drum , hopper , two bowls , cleaning brush , pusher plunger sieve ? ? 
this would be my first masticating juicer . how long does it take ( minutes ? hours ? ) does it take to produce the juice ? 
does it juice carrets , apples , and spanch and veg . good ? 
whats the difference between omega j8004x and j8005x ? which model is the latest ? 
does it come with all of the nozzles , or do i have to purchase those separately ? 
hi , can you make smoothies with this extractor ? 
hello , can you tell me if this item is compatible for france please ? 
is the plastic part of the juicer bpa-free 
if any of you had to do it over again would you still buy this one , or opt for the 4 square 
what is the wattage ? 
where was this machine made in ? ? ? 
to oil or not to oil the baking surfaces . any thoughts or experiences ? 
is it possible to make one waffle square at a time ? if so , would the same number setting as for two squares be used ? any experiences ? 
how do you clean the waffle plates 
are the waffles crispy on the outside and chewy in the inside ? 
does the handle stay cool ? 
is it possible to make one waffle square at a time ? if so , would the same number setting as for two squares be used ? any experiences ? 
can it have a commercial use ? can you be making 100 waffles per day ? 
is sole plate stainless steel ? 
the iron came with a unique plug . where do i get an adapter so i can use in the us ? 
can the handle of the iron fold down or go flat 
what are the dimentions ? 
what is the wattage of this iron ? 
is there a warranty with this ? 
a tamper is also necessary with this machine . does it come with a tamper ? thank you ! ! 
i like to add protein whey to my juice to make it a meal replacement , can you add powder in the shut while juicing so that it is mixed in with juice ? 
how loud is this juicer ? would it wake up my roommates ? 
i want to know how many volts is this machine . i need it to 110 volts . 
does the juicer come with the 2 catching containers ? thanks ! 
what does 'non-standard ' battery mean , i.e . what kind and how much does a replacement cost ? 
which symbol is male & amp ; which is female ? is the triangle tip pointing downward the female or triangle tip pointing upward the female ? it does n't say . 
what is the weight capacity of this scale ? 
does this scale display the weight as well as the other functionality ? 
what is the maximum weight this scale is rated for ? 
will it do bigger knives like the bk 9 or the kabar potbelly thanks 
what is the difference between this and the apex 1 ? 
will this produce mirror edges ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does it work with `` premier wonder table top wet grinder `` ? 
can this attachment be used for any other food processors ? 
does this coconut grater work with the ultra 1.25 liter model ? 
can you set the strength of the coffee ? i do n't see any `` setting '' for that ... on this unit . 
what is the height of the coffee maker ? it needs to be 14 inches or less in order to fit under my cabinets . 
does this unit have a carbon filter catridge ? 
can you please tell me all of the dimensions ? 
how to remove dust catcher 
how many ams does it have ? 
how does it work on hard wood floors ? ? ? i have 90 % hard wood floors and am looking for the most practical bagless vac . 
where can i buy filters for this vacuum 
does this vacuum have a removable roller brush or a way to turn brush off ? 
download owners manual 
is it support 220v ? 
how long is the wand extend to ? the picture looks like she is hunched over nd does the carpet brush do edges 
how to remove canister 
when red light comes on 
is this 110v only or is it a 110-240v device ? 
is this a 220volt or 110 volt cooker ? can it be used in the u.s. without a convertor 
does the `` non-stick coated teflon pan '' have measuring line for cooking 1 2 cup or 1 cup rice ? how about a measuring line for cooking porridge ? 
does it cook brown rice 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
does it have an on off switch so power cord does n't need to be removed from outlet ? also , does pan that holds the have a handle for removal when hot ? 
how long does it take to cook the rice ? 
does it steam the side dish contents , or just warms them ? 
how long does it take to warm up or cook ? does it automatically shut off ? 
hello , could i cook my steel cut oats in this ? 
is the inside of the kettle also stainless steel ? 
how long is the cord ? 
hi is this tea kettle bpa free ? 
is this kettle bpa-free ? 
does it have a measurement window so you can see how many cups of water it is holding ? the pictures do n't show anything like that . 
does anyone know for certain if the base heats by itself ? could it be used alone , like a hot plate ? 
is this electric kettle dual volt ? will it work outside the us where it 's 210-240 volts ? 
do the base and the bottom of the kettle stay cool , just heating the water from inside ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
does it have a removable spout filter ? 
i need deep , narrower stainless steel bowls to fit inside pressure cookers . need outside diameter & amp ; depths of these bowls , please ? 
are these really stainless steel or are they aluminum ? 
where are these manufactured ? 
what are the sies of these bowls 
what grade stainless are these ? 
where can i get an inexpensive frame for this ? 
i too was wondering what is the size ? since it has 2 different sizes mentioned 
what is the size of lid , diameter measurement ? 
will this lid fit model 3351 003 ? 
i have old rival crock pot `` removable server '' serial # 308 ? model # 3350 165-250 watts . my old plastic lid has split . cost to replace it ? 
will this fit my rival smart pot slow cooker model scc658 6qt oval ? 
will it fit a model 38501-w-np crock pot ? i 've tried to find the exact one , but it seems to be out of stock everywhere . 
does this fit model # sce502 ? thanks for your time ! 
i ca n't really tell from the picture ; is this lid round or oval-shaped ? 
will this fit my west bend # 84356 ? it measures between 10 3 8 to 10 1 2 . 
we have model 33511 5qt slow cooker and need a new lid 
will this lid fit model 33511 ? 
someone said this is n't grey , it 's more of a cream color . i 'm looking for grey , 100 % grey as the base color . is it like the picture ? 
does the flower pattern appear on both the left and right side of the comforter or does it only appear on the side shown in this picture ? 
looking to buy this for our guest bedroom & amp ; having a soft , comfortable comforter is a must-have . would you say it 's soft comfy lightweight ? 
hi will these set fit full size bed ? 
what about dimensions of total set for shipping ? 
does it come with sheets ? 
can you hide the price when you order ? like a gift ? 
is the color purple or plum ? plum referring more to the regal color rather than kiddie purple . it appears plum on my computer screen . 
will it fit a full size bed ? 
does it come in twin or full 
my bottle arrived without a lid cap . it is pictured with a cap . how can i get a cap ? its not usable without it . 
does this come with a lid ? 
is it made in the usa ? 
the picture has words etched . is that how it will be . 
will a carbonator cap fit on this ? 
what sized lids do you put on the growlers ? 
do you really have to shake it ? would n't it be sliding off the burner of my gas stove ? 
no need to shake popper ? at all ? 
can you make kettle corn in this ? 
can this be used on a regular cal rod electric stove 
will it work with 2 tablespoons of oil and 1 3 cup of popcorn instead of the instructed 3 tablespoons oil and 1 2 cup popcorn ? 
can this be used on an induction cooktop ? 
is this aluminum or stainless steel ? 
is there a reusable senseo pod available for this unit ? 
attachment so you can use your own ground coffee on the single side or do you have to sue the pods ? 
does this work with keurig k cups ? 
i received the emulsifier but i cant lift or move the ring ... how does this work ? : ) 
do you have to hold the ring ( like on the photo ) to poor the dressing ? thanks 
is it bpa free ? 
how much does it hold ? 2 cups ? 
what volume does it hold ? 
i got this for christmas from my mom and she purchased three and all are locked in the closed position . how do we `` unlock '' it ? 
is the mixer made of glass or plastic ? 
what is the actual height of this item ? i know amazon says 9.1 inches , but i 've noticed that sometimes their mesurements include the packging . 
are these chip resistant ? i have three kids ! 
is this set square with birds on them 
do you have a picture ? i 'm trying to find the set that is mostly turquoise with birds on it . thank you 
is the weight of these like phaltzgraph or like corelle or in between ? 
what is the background color on the dinner plates ? cream , yellow , etc . ? thank you ! 
do you know where it was manufactured ? thanks 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
are these stoneware or porcelain ? 
can you use them in the microwave ? 
is the red in this set a true red or is it more burgundy ? i am looking for more of burgundy tones 
in inches , how large are the plates ? 
does anyone know if the set has accessories available somewhere , such as a butter dish , salt and pepper shakers , etc . ? 
what do i do if i want to keep the sets but have one cup , one bowl and one breakfast plate that has chips or missing some of the color ? 
does this come with two pillows & gt ; ? a pair ? 
what material are the pillows n do they have feathers ? 
is the red true red 
is the color brown or black ? 
is this for a queen size bed ? 
is this a curse back headboard or will it laid flat against the wall ? 
how are they cleaned ? can they go in the dishwasher ? 
does anybody know if these bottles fit in the large compartment of a goodbyn lunchbox ? 
what is the height of the bottle with the cap on ? 
is there a spout or do you drink from an open top once the cap is removed ? 
what is the diameter of these bottles ? 
is it leak proof if left on the side ? 
i have read mixed reviews about these giving off a plasticy taste . that is my main concern . what do you think ? 
do these leak if put in a lunchbox ? 
can i boil these bottles to steralize ? i did , now they smell like plastc . 
do they sweat if you use ice in them ? 
i 'm confused about how thick this board is . answers have ranged from1 '' to 2 & frac12 ; '' . i need to know how thick it is when opened up . thands . 
we need to get rid of the boxspring on our daybed . is there a reason to buy this instead of putting plywood on top of the bed springs ? 
this does n't require any assembly , correct ? i have a daybed and i am in desperate need of more support for my bad back . 
what are the measurements of the bunkie board ? 
will this and a mattress support a grown person up to 200 lbs ? 
is this a solid wood board , like a plank ? or a wood framework ? may i sleep on it without a mattress ? 
college student twin long bed allegedly is 36x80 . college strongly urges parents to purchase a board for the bed . is this going to fit ? 
if i purchase 2 of these , can i use them for a king sized bed ? 
dimensions ? width and length ? 
what is the thickness of the bunkie board 
where can i buy the accent pillow 
what is the size of the king comforter ? 
is this bold red or a maroon 
what material is the bedding made of ? 
does it lay all the way back 
what is the weight limit for this chair ? 
i see that it lays back almost flat . does it do it using the remote or leg power ? 
what is the floor to seat height ? 
width from armrest to armrest minimum to maximum height ... height from seat to floor depth of seat 
do you know what the recommended weight this chair can hold and lift ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat ? what is the maximum weight and height for this lift chair ? 
any other colors 
did anyone have a problem getting this chair through their doorways ? 
my father in law is 5'10 '' will it be long enough for him ? 
does this chair fully recline back ? 2 positions or more . ? 
what is the width of the chair ? arm to arm ? 
is it a wall hugger ? how many inches from wall ? 
how much weight will chair hold ? 
what is the seat width ? 
what is the weight capacity on this chair ? 
can you raise the footrest up without reclining the seat ? 
where does the battery box with power cord store or does it lay on floor 
what is the total length ? 
what is the total weight upon shipment ? 
how wide is the cubby whole for electronic component 
what are the measurements of the drawers ? 
is this a lacquer piece ? will you ship assembled ? 
are the dimentions like standerd queen ? ? ? ? 
do you sell the poker dot pillow and do you have curtains to go with it and do yor shams fit standard size pillows 
what color are the sheets ? 
is it machine wash 
what is the thread count on the cotton 
do this set have two decorative pillows or one ? 
what kind of fabric material is this set ? 
i want to order this but where can i get the decorative pillows to match ? 
what are the dimentions im having a hard time find any ? 
is the comforter washable 
what is the thread count on the sheets ? does the shams come with it ? where can i find the decorative pillows to go with it . r the flowers pink or red ? 
what color is the sheet ? 
2 pieces pillow cases is listed in the content area . are the two decorative pillows included with this 8 piece ? 
are the flowers burgundy or maroon or are they more red ? i really hope they are n't red ! thanks ! 
what kind of fabric is the comforter and is it machine washable ? thanks ! 
it 's 100 % coot tan this bedding sets ? 
what is the fabric ? 
what is the thread count and material of the sheets and pillow cases ? 
what are the materials for the comforter and shams ? 
what is the color on the other side of the conforter ? 
dimensions ? 
is the bar adjustable 
how mayup right poles come 
how much does it weigh ? 
why the shipping so high and can you low shipping about $ 10 or $ 15 if so let me know . 
does this rack collapse when it 's not in use ? meaning is it easy to store ? 
how to assemble wheel casters - received with no directions - in what order do the washers stack ? 
can you decrease the height to 66 inches ? 
does this have plastic parts to hold it together ? 
can you use height extensions on this rack ? 
does this hold a giant roll ? 
how many screws does it take to mount this on the wall ? 
how far apart are the mounting holes ? just trying to replace one without having to put more holes in my cabinets ( or the holder ) . 
can this stand alone horizontally on a counter ? 
what is the length and width ? 
is the bar spring loaded ? 
how is it mounted ? 
does it allow to rip off a sheet with one hand ? 
will this hold an extra large roll ? 
can this be mounted vertically ? 
does 10 x 9 x 15 inches mean 10 inches tall or 15 inches tall ? how deep is it ? 
how do you get hot coffee ? i pre-program start time the night before , therefore pre-rinsing the carafe with hot water and filling the reservoir with hot water is n't an option . i also use the 1-4 cup button although i make 6 cups . 
filters 
does it work on 240v ? does it need only a plug adapter or is a power converter necessary ? 
is the comforter gold or grey ? it does n't look gold in the picture . 
does this wrinkle ? i need it for my b & amp ; b guest room . 
what shade of gold is it ? i have tanish gold shiny curtains was wondering if they would match ? ? anyone have a picture to post of product ? thankyou ! 
is it gold in color 
is this set gold in color 
how many come with a purchase ? 
how many does the thing have ? 
how do you dispose of them 
how do you triger them 
how many smoke grenades come with the $ 17.95 purchase ? 
how long did the smoke last 
does it rotate ? 
will it cook 10lb . turkey breast 
can i cook a 5-lb chicken in this oven ? 
does the chickens need to be all strussed up with buchers twine & gt ; 
is it hard to clean 
what are the demensions other than the height ? 
can you cook a turkey in this rotisserie ? 
my new rotisserie was used today for the first time and it cooked the chicken fantastic but , it was so noisy . is it supposed to be real noisy ? ? s 
i do n't see this on ronco 's website . can you tell me what kinds of things ( besides chicken and turkey ) you can cook in it . only rotiisserie foods ? 
can you cook a 15 lb turkey in this ? 
does this product work well on leafy veggies ? 
how many rpm ? 
have you ever tried to make almond milk or nut butters in this machine ? does it work ? 
i want to leave the rine on my watermelon pineapple etc . i guess you can not do this with this ronco 
do i have to peel the oranges ? 
where is it made ? 
how large is the feed shoot ? 
what is the size of curtain 
is the bathroom window curtain waterproof or water-resistant & amp ; rod pocket ? i too want to know the width & amp ; how many panels . 
is all of it together $ 22 including shower curtain trash can clenex box soap holders towels ? 
what is the lenth and width of the window curtain and how many panels ? 
what exactly comes in this set ? 
what comes in this set ? 
does it come with everything in the picture ? 
does the set come with everything pictured ? 
is there a serrated blade for this model , which may help cutting the frozen meats ? ? ? ? ? i already got one and it 's very hard to cut frozen meat 
good , is made in china ? thank you 
can you slice frozen or semi frozen meat 
where can i purchase new sharpening stones ? 
i purchased one of these from you last year - one of the two whetstones cracked and broke . what is the cost for replacements ? 
what is the differnece between the wfp14s model and the wfp14sw model ? 
does the 14s come with all blades and the shredding side feed tube ? 
i have had numerous issues with the blade getting stuck in the unit and recently the bowl not engaging , what is your warranty on these items ? 
how many cups does this hold ? does the 14s have a stronger motor then the cusinart 14 cup ? thank you 
how can i get a instruction book for my waring food processor ? 
how large is the `` extra-large feed chute funnel and food pusher '' ? and how much work is it to clean this food processor ? 
will this unit mix things very thick like cookie dough ? 
does the bowl comes in metal ? 
does this product knead bread dough ( yeast ) , if so , do you have to use cooler ingredients so as to not kill the yeast , does it come with a dough blade 
is the plastic food bowl bpa free ? 
is this a 64-oz container ? it 's not clear from the product description . 
do you have a 48oz version ? i have a vitamix model # 36019 with a sound enclosure so need smaller . 
is the cac90 stainless steel container compatible with the vitamix 5200 blender ? 
i 've seen pictures of this carafe with a blue nsf label , `` waring commercial '' and max hot fill max fill line markings . what about the item here ? 
does it work on the maxi 4000 vitamix base 
does this stainless steel jar includes the blade and the driven gear ? the old plastic jar seems leaked . replace the bearing seal ? thanks a lot . 
is there a tamper that fits this unit ? i own this container but without a tamper it is very limited in what it can do . 
does the inside of the stainless steel container get scratched up from use over time ? 
will this fit the ninja blender ? 
will this container fit on a vitamix 6300 model ? 
does the bowls center hole ( for the attachments ) have a low lip or a lip that goes to the top of the bowl ? 
what do you suggest for shredding a lot of cabbage for church dinners ? 
where is this food processor made ? ( china ? ? ) what is the warranty ? 
how long can it runs on its own before it stops ? i am looking for a mixer which could run for hours without to be reset . any suggestions ? 
will it shred 25 lbs of cabbage without over heating ? 
will this unit mix things very thick like cookie dough ? 
can it handle the task of making thick products like hummus , without bogging down or running the risk of damaging or burning out the motor ? i have a commercial waring blender ( mx1000xtx ) that i love . it has incredible raw power , but it seems to work ... 
is there a way to order extra bottles tops please ? i 've ordered 4 sets of the kids watterbottles ( love them ) , but am down to only 10 tops . 
how tall are the bottles ? thank you . 
how `` spill-proof '' are these ? i am looking for water bottles to put in my kids lunch boxes , but they will need to lay side ways . will they leak ? 
can you put warm liquids ( such as cocoa ) in these ? 
does this bottles have straw for 4 year old kids convenience ? 
how would you wash these safely if you do n't want to put them in the dishwasher ? 
how many ounces are they ? 
on regular use , 3 of 5 of the bottle caps have developed splits in them and water spills out . can i get replacements ? 
is the diameter of the bottom of the bottle really 3.5 inches ? seems a little too wide than is represented in image ... thanks ! ! 
what type of plastic is it ? is there a recycling number or pp or ldpe stamped on the bottom ? 
is the quality the same on the red seat as the gray one ? 
what is the lowest height to which it can be adjusted ? 
are these suitable for an outdoor kitchen ? 
is the powder coat finish more black or gray ? 
do these stools swivel ? 
do you know where i can buy extra parts to this chair ? i need more foot rests and ends of the twisting lever for my stool collection . 
i see that the height goes up to 33 '' , but are they sturdy & amp ; stable enough to use at 33 '' `` bar height '' rather than at the lower `` counter height '' ? 
can they be stacked to have 6 vertical ? 
what are the exact measurements of each cube ? i 'm hoping 10.5 in fabric drawers will fit 
is it possable for cd 's ? i am looking for something i can hang on a wall . 
what is the overall size of the jetmax 6 cube unit ? 
has any one used these for paperback novels ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of each cube ? 
can you give me the shipping dimensions of the box ? thank you ! 
do you ship to maldives and how much does it coast to shipping ? 
so is this machine any good 
i have one of these grinders and the switch broke off pretty easily - do you sell replacement switches ? 
what kind of grease 
need 110 volts outlet or 220 v ? 
is this an `` end grain '' bamboo cutting board ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
do i need to oil the board before using and at any time after that ? if so , how frequently and what should i use ? 
how deep are the grooves 
can you stack them 
is the surface smooth 
will this crate stand outdoor elements under a covered porch ? 
is the bottom , right , and left side of the create a solid piece of wood or planks . i need the bottom to not have gaps . 
do these ship to canada 
can this crate be a stand for a 49 pound dehumidifier ? 
what are the internal measurements of these crates ? 
what kind of warranty does it have ? 
what is the amp ? 
does anyone know where i can get a replacement filter for this vacuum ? 
are most of the parts made of plastic ? if so , is it good quality or cheap plastic . have a hoover and parts are made from plastic and break . 
i 've had an oreck xl for many years but i 'm intrigued with the bag less ; does anyone know if it picks up the pile as well as the regular xl ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
how long is the electrical cord ? i know it 's more then the stated 8-10 ft 
what kind of warranty does this product have ? we bought one about 10 months ago and it has stopped working . 
how long is the cord ? 
why was it discontinued 
what are the dimensions of this jar ? 
what is the size of the opening for the cookies ? how big of a cookie will fit ? and does one 's hand fit in to grab a cookie ? 
is it red or burnt orange ? 
how tall is this cookie jar ? 
is there an airtight seal on the opening of the cookie jar to keep cookies fresh ? 
is it supposed to turn on every time you shut it or does it have set times ? 
can it be used to sterilize oral-b style toothbrush heads ? ? ? 
how long do the batteries last if you are brushing and cleaning twice a day ? ? 
does it come with any toothbrush ? or is the one shown just for illustration ? 
can i use it to sanitize my oral b brush head ? 
the power supply could be 220 volt in china ? 
what kind of bulbs do the different models use ? leds ? 
is the portable version long lasting ? i saw on another similar product it stops working properly after a few months . 
batteries included ? which battery ? 
is the portable one 's uv light weaker than the family size one 
are the attachments dishwasher friendly ? and , does it have a retractable cord ? 
dimensions ? 
is it also available in white ? 
what are the length of the beaters ? 
how much is it weight for a machine include all attachment and box ? 
how is the slow speed ? will it splatter liquids all over ? our current blender throws mashed potatoes all over the place on slow . 
this product free volt ? 
does this mixer comes with all three attachments shown of the picture ? according to other websites out there it does not . 
1. does it have beater eject button and quickburst button ? 2. is it true that it only weighs 2lbs ? thanks ! 
is it cordless ? 
does it fry fresh fish 
what comes with the unit ? ie cook book , 2 trays , mesh tray , lifting tongs , ring extender , cooking guide ? 
what is the voltage ? i live in brasil . 
does a frozen pizza fit in this oven ? 
can you get a replacement for glss bowl 
what if any oils an fats are used 
it is 110 and 220v ? ? ? ? 
does this fry just as good as the tfall fryer 
how exactly are you frying the chicken , are you still using flour ? 
can you get a replacement for glass bowl 
can you make french frys from scratch in it or only conveience foods ? 
does this product have the extension ring as does the silver one on the same page ? 
is there a recipe book ? 
does a 1300 watt fryer have to have a dedicated electrical wiring outlet ? 
it advertised as it can cook roast , foods that will be crispy , just about any food you would want to cook . is this true . what are the faults of the 
can you roast vegtables such as carrots , califlower and broccoli ? 
what is the largest size turkey in lbs will it cook ? 
what does this come with ? 
i ca n't get the big boss oil-less fryer to cook anything , what am i doing wrong . 
will breaded food still be crispy for instance fried chicken and fried fish ? 
width of blade ? 
does this knife come with a stand ? 
can these knives be sharpened with a chef 's choice sharpener ? thanks ! 
sharpen 
what type of steel is this ? ... if stainless , what grade ? is it double or single-bevel cut ? this is for my friend 's birthday & amp ; he 's left handed . thanks 
will this work for a left handed person ? 
are these knives made in japan or taiwan ? 
what is rockwell hardness ? 
what are the six knives that are included in this set ? 
how do they clean up since they are not smooth ? 
are these knives for ambidextrous ? 
i 'd really like to get an edo knife block and have found only two options , including this . however , i note this particular set includes herb shears . i 'm wondering if shun 9 '' kitchen shears would fit the shear slot ? thanks ! 
is this product has warranty ? 
can this cabinet be recessed into the wall or is it only surface mount ? 
anyone know if 755272 ( 24x24 ) is same product ? actual sizes of box and mirror ? thanks . 
i just want to be sure that the left and right side doors open to face each other , i.e . face in and not out . a pic would be great ... 
is this medicine cabinet 24 0r 25 '' wide and 30 '' high 
how wide is this cabinet ? 
can someone take a picture of the exterior and the inside of their medicine cabinet ? i 'm curious what the interior construction is like . 
how high is cabinet 
glass internal shelves ... how many and how thick ? 
will the inside shelves hold a roll of toilet paper ? 
is the mirror hinged on the left or right or is it reversible ? 
how many interiors shelf are there , and what are they constructed of ? 
would this be just the mirror is showing and no protruding body ? 
does this cabinet have piano hinges 
is a wall mount an option ? the description says recessed ( only ) . thank you . 
the actual size of the mirror ad frame ? 
who can tell me please- how much shelves inside and how much mirrors ? i try to decide what cabinet better- this or kohler k-3073-na . who can help ? ? ? 
hi . can u tell me if in this model door can be mounted with left or right hand opening ? 
describe the total of 91 pieces . your math does not add up to 91 in the description . thanks 
i want to know if birch hall is on the heavy side . is it rather substantial in your hand ? 
are the handles , bowls , tines , blades 18 10 stainless steel or are they a lesser nickle content ? 
are these marked `` made in china '' or anything ? thanks ! 
were is made 
is it all gold plated or is it silver plated or is it gold and silver plated 
did the flatware come with a warranty ? 
is this paint color white 
do i need to sand cabinets prior to applying the paint ? 
what comes in the kit ? do you have to apply a protective clear top coat over it ? 
is this white ? 
hello . how 'knock ' resistant is this paint ? thanks . 
hello . is the final surface matt , semi-gloss or high-gloss ? is it water clean-up ? thanks . 
what are the colors of the giani granite tops 
what 's the benefit of using this kit vs any regular paint ? is it stain resistant ? i 'm only asking because i have some regular white paint already . tx 
what are the measurements of the cabinet ? does this cabinet have to be painted ? 
can this paint be spray painted ? any best practice procedure recommendations ? 
the description says it has a semigloss sheen , but the picture on my screen looks like it has a satin finish . what is the actual sheen ? 
do you have to sand the cabinets down first , or just wash them down . 
whats the difference between this product and latex semi-gloss paint 
will this paint on cabinets that is made of particle board ? 
can i use this product on cabinets that are already painted with wall paint ? if so , will i need to remove sand the existing paint ? 
how dark is the cocoa brown because it 's hard to tell on a computer screen . i want a brown that is as dark as mohagany . 
can the finish stand up to light scrubbing for cleaning ? 
can you spray this instead of painting it normally ? 
does it come with only one piece or you can find the complete set 
does this product work on laminate cabinets ? ? ? ? ? 
thickness ? 
does this fit a standard tub shower combo ? 
how hard easy is it to keep clean ( for those who 've had it a while ) ? 
how can i detach the milk frother to use the egg beater ? pulling the attachment at the base did not detach it . 
how durable is it ? anybody having one working for more that 5 years ? 
does the ozeri deluxe milk frother heat up milk as well as frothing it ? 
is this good for making cappucinos ? i am confused because some reviews mention that it is not good for hot drinks 
how hard are the attachments to remove and have they fallen off like some reviewers expressed ? 
if i want to make fruit milkshake can i do with this product ? 
how long does the frother last ? most break after a couple of months . 
how dependable are the attachments ? 
how do i change attachments ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
ok maybe i am just missing it but i have read description several time and nowhere do i see anything about the size of these `` wonderful '' knives . 
do these come in some sort of carrying case so you can take them to work ? ( my son is a chef ) 
do these come with any sort of blade protection storage ( ie . a plastic sheath ) ? i presume not , or it would say . i think all ceramics should . [ edit : scratch that ... i see from the customer video review that they do not . thanks . ] 
can these knives be put in the dishwasher ? 
how sturdy are these knives ? i have had ceramic knives before and the tips have broken off and the last one , the handle and the blade separated . 
can you put them in the dishwasher 
has anyone used the kyocera diamond ceramic knife sharpener with the ozeri knives ? reviewers say that it does n't work with some brands . 
did anyone else receive knives that feel dull to the touch and have trouble making initial slices into things like tomatoes ? or , is mine a dud ? 
what size are the knives ? 
are these good to use on lettuce and fruits to prevent browing ? it looks like there is some metal on the blade and that it is n't 100 % ceramic ? 
does this insert have corner attachments snaps ? 
does this have weights or snaps in order to use it with a quality duvet cover ? 
can this be used as a comforter on it 's own ( i.e . without a duvet cover ) ? 
can you easily turn the flow of steam off and on . 
i am going to use it in azerbaijan ? will it work with 220volt ? 
does this steam cotton blouses , etc . so they appear to have been ironed ? 
what is the hight of the telescopic part ? 
does this have a metal head ? 
how long can i expect this to last ? 
what is difference between is 9100 and is 9200 ? 
what is the width at the widest part ? 
what is hose length ? 
could you please let me know the voltage of it ? 
worried about the vacuum base . will it really stick ? tks bp 
why the mechanical clamp if it has a vaccum clamp base ? 
where is it made ? thanks ! 
where is it made ? thanks ! 
the lever with the blade came off with the spring and small lever , how do i find how to fix it ? i did not drop or wash the product , it just fell off 
what is the footprint of the stools ? the seat dimensions are listed ( 9 '' deep ) but are the legs wider ? we have 11 '' under the counter . thanks 
is the actual color close to the color on photos ? 
what is the weight limit for these stools ? 
how tallis the stool ? 
are there any markings on the tops of the stools ? 
was there any tracking information available to you while the item was in transit ? 
latest review says there are only 4 stretchers instead of the advertised 6. has this been everyone else 's recent experience ? 
do you ever do black 
how is the max . volume made each time ? 
is there a trick to getting it to heat ? got one as a gift and frother works great , but does n't heat at all , need to warm milk in microwave first . 
have you used it with soy milk ? if so , does it froth soy milk well ? thanks 
is this frother easy to clean and are there attachments that come off to clean ? 
does it make a basic cup of coffee ? 
can it use the keurig pods 
what is the power line ? 220 or 110 volts ? ? 
does it make single shot of espresso ? 
can i use the capsule from starbucks ? 
what are the measurements ? 
i 'd like to know the voltage and frequency . 
what is the measurement across the total top 
what is the overall width of the desk 
how far does the keyboard tray come out from the desk ? 
will a 27 inch monitor fit and clear the raise printer platform ? 
what are the dimensions of the elevated printer shelf ? thanks 
what are the dimensions of the slideout kb m shelf ? 
what are dimensions 
i mounted these rails to the bottom of the wooden cabinet that is sitting over the sink . what 's the max weight load will each rail hold wo bending it ? 
are these strong and durable enough to hang multiple heavy pots pans off of ? 
how do you install this on the wall ? i would prefer to install it using command strips , would this be possible ? i would only be hanging cooking utens 
would this work to hang mugs on ? 
will this rust ? 
what screws that match the metal are used to hang these ? 
are these strong enough to hold wet bath towels ? 
can the round mounting base be rotated so that the mounting holes are horizontal ? 
what is the diameter of the round mounting base ? 
what is the diameter of the rail itself ? 
are these textured on both sides , or is one side smooth and the other textured ? i 'm thinking of using them primarily for their non-slip qualities . 
what is a head phone winder that comes with these pot holders ? and it comes with ear buds caddy ? all this with a pot holder ? am i missing sarcasim in reviews ? 
how thick are they ? 
are these microwaveable ? i see they are used to pull food out of the microwave , but i thought of using them as splatter guards in the microwave . 
i have a glass top stove and i am looking for a product that is heat resistant enough that i can cover the burner after i turn it off ... 
can they be used to pull hot items from an oven or mainly to set hot pots on it once out of the oven ? 
can you use any type of soap or only the green foam ? 
it 's the bag soap ? if so every bag is a ltr ? 
what kind of soap goes into the dispenser ? 
how does it stand ? does it stick on wall ? 
thread count ? 
is the plaid black and white 
what are the colors that make up the plaid design ? 
threadcount ? 
what is the sixe of the pillow case delivered with the twin xl sheets ? 
do these sheets match the port elizabeth blue and white zig zag comforter ? 
what is the dimentions of a fitted xl sheet 
are these sheets deep pocket ? 
how deep is the fitted sheet ( queen ) ... ..17 '' or more ? 
is this product compatible with keurig 2.0 ? 
is this compatible with the k40 elite 
will this k- cup work with the keurig 2.0 ? 
can this be used on the new 2.0 version 
can they be used for the mr. coffee bvmc-k65 series ? 
can i use this for tea ? 
will it fit k60 special edition 
will this fit or work on a k65 special edition ? thank you 
are you sure this works with b131 mini ? this is an actual keurige products ? thanks 
is this a genuine keurig my k-cup holder and filter and does it fit k75 ? -- thanks 
are they from costco ( stated on box ) ? 
are they imported for costco ( stated on box ) ? also is this a new and unopened box ? 
can i hang wet clothes from the washer on them to dry then put into my closet ? 
do these glasses have visible seams on the sides ? 
do these have the embossed logos ? 
is the word `` pint '' and `` m13 '' printed on the side of the glass ? 
will a guinness can ( 14.9oz ) perfectly fill the 20oz glass if poured correctly ? 
how tall are these glasses ? i have too many beer glasses that are too tall for the tower of my kegerator . 
are the glasses dishwasher safe ? 
do these have `` brewed in dublin `` printed under `` guinness '' ? i 've seen pictures where some glasses have it and some do not . 
are these guinness glasses dishwasher safe ? anyone experienced fading of the guinness logo after washing them multiple times ? 
hello , this set of glasses has the raised glass harp ? ? is the same as it looks in the picture ? thank you ! ! 
do these glasses have the numbers in the circle like the ones in the pub 
how long does the battery last before it needs replacement.. ? 
who long does it take to full charge for next usage 
does it clean the stairs 
durability 
how well does this gtech airram compare with the hoover air cordless series in terms of practical performance ? has anyone owned seen both in action ? 
can i get a second set of filter pads ? amazon does n't appear to sell them . 
are there any attachments ? i use attachments to vacuum lamp shades , window sills , furniture ... etc . 
does it scratch hardwood floors ? 
is there a way to do furniture or places where i now normally do with a hand extension ? 
how does it work on carpeted stairs and wood stairs ? also how close to the wall does it clean ? 
may i know the size of the spatula ? 
is the spatula handle firm all the way to the end with the hole in it ? if not , how far from the hole end does the internal structure stop ? 
re : the white spatula - has anyone had problems with it discoloring or staining ? 
what country is it made in ? 
is the finish on the spatula smooth glossy or is it grainy like some other silicone spatulas ? just want to make sure debris does n't stick to it if out 
what makes this stiff ? is there a metal core ? i want to know whether it can go in the microwave at all . 
how do you send the picture ? 
i have edited some text onto the picture i want to use using photoshop . would that picture work in a canvas form ? 
can i print a collage ? is there an option to create one ? will it cost extra ? 
can you use this in a bathroom ? 
your ad : product dimensions : 20 x 16 x 1.2 inches . is that a 1 inch or a 1 1 4 thickness ? can you do a 1 1 2 ? my wife is really specific thickness . 
what size file is recommended ? ( mb ) 
can you print a canvas 16x20 vertical ? is there any extra charge ? 
can you do a 24x30 with 1.5 '' stretchers ? and how much would that be ? thanks -- 
is it possible to get a 16x20 gallery wrap ( 1.5 '' stretchers ? ) and how much is that ? 
hi , do you have to use compost bags , or can the compost go directly in the bucket ? will it lift off easily from a wallmount ? 
i wo n't purchase this item without first knowing the dimensions ! what are the dimensions ! 
is it a locking close lid for a tight seal ? 
is the sign on the front printed on the plastic or is it on paper that is then glued to the bucket ? 
how much does this caddy hold ? a gallon or more ? 
how often does the carbon filter need to be changed ? 
made in the usa ? 
are the bags necessary to use , or can you use without ? 
any fruit flies ? 
how good is the seal around the edges of the lid ? i just received one as a gift and it seems kind of loose , considering returning it without using . 
is this comforter really big enough for a queen ? 
does the comforter use down or poly fill . 
what shade of blue and yellow are in this set ? is the grey light , medium or dark ? 
do you need a bed skirt with this comforter when using it on a full bed not a queen 
what are the true colors ? grey , red and white ? or something else ? 
can you describe the colors it is hard to tell with just a picture , what is on the reverse side 
can you machine wash or dry clean 
does n't look at all brown in the picture . looks more maroon ? 
what color bed skirt should i use ? grey or white ? i have white sheets but i want to be sure the box spring of the bed is covered . thanks ! 
are there ties inside duvet to secure a duvet insert ? 
does anyone know what size the queen is ? 
does the duvet wash well or does it need to be ironed ? 
what 's the thread count ? 
is the interior non-stick ? 
do the bottom heaters light up when in action ? 
will a 9 by 13 pan fit ? 
will it rotisserie a 5 lb chicken ? 
made where ? 
where is this product made ? 
can i buy replacement pans and crumb pans as mine are really full of grease hard to get off . 
can the beeper be turned off ? 
does it get hot on the outside when cooking ? 
will this toast 6 english muffins at once ? and how does regular white bred toast come out ? 
how much tilt can it have ? 
how high does it go ? 
what is the height please of the base - clearance to slide under ? 
what is the total width on this desk ? is it 72 5 8 ( 39 1 4 '' w for the desk , 33 3 8 '' w for the connector ) 
is the pull-out keyboard large enough to put both a average size keyboard and a mouse with mouse pad on it ? 
what color ( material ) is the frame ! does the pull out keyboard function smoothly ? 
are 23.5 '' x 83.2 '' x 29.6 '' the dimensions of the box it 's packaged ? 
can the keyboard tray be mounted on either desk ? 
can you interchange the sides 
what is the length of the desk , from corner to one end ? i am seeing conflicting answers . one person said 62.75 '' and the other said 59 '' . 
is there room to place two chairs : one for each desk ? i plan to have two children work at this desk . 
can the corner unit be removed once the item is purchased ? 
can you use the two large sections as 2 stand alone desks without using the corner piece 
hello , can you please tell me the height from the bottom of the keyboard tray to the ground ? thanks ! 
the weight is 28 pounds , but what does shipping weight 52.8 mean ? 
how wide is the keyboard tray for the cherry version ? looks like it is wider than the chris cross cherry version but only 1 dimension is given . 
thank you for the response ! however , i need to know the height from the floor to the bottom of the keyboard tray so that i can fit my pc under . thx ! 
what is the height from the floor to the glass ? 
how much weight does it support ? i have an all-in-one computer and it is pretty heavy , heavier than the ordinary computer monitor . 
are the keyboard dimensions correct ? the desk is 39 2 8 long and the keyboard 23.625 but the kb looks only a few inches shorter than the desk . 
i own this table and want to add to the setup by making it into an l-shaped table . can i possibly only purchase the additional parts ? 
is that the depth with the keyboard pulled out ? if so what are the specs for the top surface ? 
how tall is the table surface from the floor ? 
what are the dimensions of the desk , especially width ? 
does the wood color closely match the photo or do you guys think it 's something else ? thanks ! 
besides the desk and `` l '' shape unit , are there any other pieces one can purchase for this set ? 
is there an additional part for adding a monitor shelf . 
on this unit , what is the overall dimensions ? on the `` l '' shaped unit , what is the `` '' total '' '' length assuming up against a wall , including corner ? 
i am trying to connect the keyboard pull-outs to the black metal but the screws dont seem to fit . help ? 
does 27 '' imac fit on this desk 
how long and deep ? 
does the package include screws ? 
how long and deep ? 
how tall is it and does it fold ? 
there seem to be many complaints about glassware arriving shattered . has this problem been addressed ? thanks ! also , when do you expect to get more salad bowls in stock ? 
how many oz . does it hold ? 
can they be soup bowls also ? 
are they microwavable ? 
how wide and deep are the bowls ? to hold 48 oz sounds like a serving bowl ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is this desk open on both sides ? 
what is the measurement between the bottom of the glass and the wood desk below it , and how wide is the opening on the front of the desk ? thank you . 
does the part under the glass slide out ? like desks for keyboards . i need to be able to slide the keyboard out . 
how are the legs attached ? could other legs be substituted ? 
how do the legs attach to the table ? 
is this desk difficult to install ? 
what is the black shelf housing made of ? wood or metal ? thank you . 
can the lunch bag collapse after it is emptied to fit into a backpack ? 
can a 3 sectional tupperware lunch plate fit flat in the bottom of this lunch bag ? 
what are the dimensions of this bag ? there are no measurements in the description . 
do i need to buy an ice pack to go inside this bag ? 
which is the heighth and which is the width of this desk table 
what is the `` spread '' on each of the a-legs ? the strut on each side forms an `` a '' if looking from the front . how far apart is the bottom of the legs of the `` a '' ? 
do the legs attach to the top , or does the top just lay across the legs ? 
the description says that the color is `` brown , cherry '' . which part is brown or cherry ? 
how much weight does this desk support ? 
is it 27.5 '' or 31.2 '' tall ? 
is it made completely of metal and glass - no wood ? 
what size is the desk ? 
what kind of tools is required for assembly ? will this desk take up a lot of space ? 
any idea if glass is tempered ? wondering how safe it is at this price . i would have a dual monitor setup on it . 
are these glasses dishwasher safe or not ? 
how many ounces does it hod 
what are the ounces it holds ? they look more like regular old fashioneds ( 8 oz . or so ) - which is what i 'm looking for . 
what is the diameter of these glasses 
are these crystalline or crystal ? 
can someone who has had this furniture for a while comment on how well they hold up over time and with use ? saw some awful pics online of poor wear ... 
is there a wedge to turn it into a sectional ? 
it states it 's on a steel rocker base . does that mean it has dual rocking recliners ? also , do the storage areas contain the usb and electrical outlets 
for the third time ! can you get the `` chair '' separately ? ? ? not the love seat , not the couch ... 
i notice there is a single recliner chair in one of the photos , where is that available for sale ? also , are the pieces available anywhere separately ? 
durable ? real leather ? 
is the set authentic leather or bonded leather 
is it a power recliner or manual recliner ? this information will be very helpful . 
are the arms of this chair black ? 
what is the height of the seat ? 
what is the width of the seat cushion ? 
how much weight will this chair hold ? 
is the change comfortable and wide ? 
does it come with the ottoman ? 
is the chair real leather ? 
what color are the arms and legs on this chair ? is that black or dark brown ? 
does this chair come in a reclining fabric style 
the ad states the stool is 24 inches high but the product details note it is 29 inches high . which is correct ? 
is the wood a rust brown accented with darker brown , and is the height 24 inches to edge of the seat or to the top of the leather 
why first say 24 inch ? and the dimension in the bottom say 18x29x18 
are they available in 29 inches high ? 
can the fabric be changed from brown to black ? 
i would like to purchase the entire bedroom set option but i do n't need a queen mattress . can i buy without mattress ? 
does the bed require box spring and mattress ? 
how many pieces does it come in ? particularly the headboard . 
how many pieces ? headboard , footboard and sides ? 
are you able to use a box spring with this frame ? 
how firm is the sit on a scale of 1-5 where 1 being soft and 5 being extra firm ? 
does the loveseat actually rock ? the description states that it has a `` steel rocker base '' but nothing else anywhere mentions rocking . 
is it a wall hugger ? 
i would like to hear from someone who has owned this loveseat for awhile . how does it hold up over time ? fabric discolor easily ? 
is this a wall hugger recliner or does it have to be a ways off the wall ? if so , how much space is needed behind it in order to recline ? 
does the back come off to get it through doorways ? please answer thank-you . 
is this recliner available in any other colors 
what is the weight capacity of this love seat ? 
what kind of warranty does this sofa carry 
does the back of sofa come off so that could fit a door 
how many pieces ? 
i want to buy this recliner but do n't want to have it delivered until august 1st 
how far fron a wall does it have to be to recline ? 
need length with leaves folded , please 
are the dimensions accurate ... it looks taller than it is long , yet dimensions say it 's 41 '' long ? ? ? f'shure ? 
what are the dimensions of the bottom center opening ? in the product image it shows an ice bucket being stored there . will it fit 14inw x19in h item ? 
can it be pre assembled 
the height is given as 35.5 inches . is that with the wheels installed or without ? thanks . 
how do you remove it from the can when it is stopped and will not run ? 
what size cans will it work with ? 
is the battery compartment where you can change batteries if it stops on top of can ? 
please tell me how to get to the battery compartment of this opener ? the one i have has tiny plastic lever at the bottom and a phillips screw at top . 
is this the same design as the original one touch can opener ( as seen on tv ) , and does it work as good as the original ? 
does it work with square cans ? 
how do i get this to work ? i threw out the instructions ( i know it should be easy ) but 2 of us ca n't figure out how it works . it has batteries and w 
will this open cans with a pull top lid . my mother ca n't open those either but always seems to buy them . 
does it stops automatically after the cut is done ? 
what is the warranty on this chair ? 
what color and material is the seat cushion ? 
what color is the metal ? bronze ? green ? 
i need a chair that 's about 26 to 27 inches from the floor to seat area . 
does these come in a set or just one chair ? 
what is the seat height ? ? 
what is the weight limit for this chair ? 
could this chair be an outdoor ? 
does the 43 inch height refer to the seat or the back of the chair ? 
what color is the metal frame ? is it black or bronze ? 
hello , how does it adjust ? are there 2 seperate parts ? do you remove a part to lower it ? is there a button or lever to adjust the height ? thank you ! 
does this come with 2 stools in the package ? 
how much darker is the actual color of seat 
trying to assemble and the swivel does n't swivel . i see a plastic ring between the 2 plates , does it stay ? 
how many inches form the floor to the seat position ? 
what tools are needed to put this together ? 
can any one tell me how much this stool weighs approximately ? 
what is the weight limit for this stool ? thanks ! 
what materials are the seats made from ? 
what color is the metal frame ? 
is it comtemporary style furniture or traditonal style ? 
can the pillows be purchased as well ? 
what type of warranty does this have ? 
can i buy two love seats instead of a couch ? 
are the cushions leather as well ? 
are the cushions to the couches attached to the couch or can they be removed ? thanks 
i live on the first floor . i was wondering if these couches are delivered into my home or just the curb . thanks . 
are the cushions attached or are they removable ? 
is your 10 '' stone earth pan also ptfe free ? 
is there a difference between this pan and the green 10 '' ozeri pan aside from the color ? 
why does the description say that batteries are required ? 
is this pan heavy ? it looks heavy . 
why are the the 2 cr2 batteries in the product details needed ? ? ? 
does anyone have the care and use instructions ? mine did n't have any with it and i 'd hate to have to return it or destroy it by doing something wrong 
is there a lid for this pan ? 
can you put this in the oven ? the handle looks like a piece of plastic . is it going to melt ? 
is this pan for induction cooktops ? 
is this pan also ptfe free 
are the feet plastic or wood ? 
the wide of the sofa is 93 '' , measure from front of back or from one arm to another arm of the sofa ? 
since this comes pre-assembled , how hard is it to get it into an apartment ? will it fit through most `` standard '' doors ? 
concerned about shipping . i live in an apartment complex ( 3rd floor ) , will the shipper bring the couch to the door ? ! ? 
is it a 2 seater or a 3 seater sofa ? 
the sofa came with four parts that look they are supposed to be screwed on the bottom . however , there are no holes that allow it to be screwed in ? 
does it have zippers on the side of the cushions which allows you to take off the cushion covers ? 
what is the seat height ? ( distance from floor to seat ) 
anywhere know where i can find the area rug in this picture ? 
can the seat or back cushions be remove ? 
what type of fabric was used for the seat cover ? 
what are the dimensions of this bench ? 
dimensions ? 
what is the weight limit 
how powerful is this one ( watts ) ? 
looks exactly like the farberware one which i just found the rim of plastic housed with the boiling plate inside . this one ? 
is the kettle detachable from the heating element and cord ? 
where is this kettle made ? 
is it hard to clean ? the hole at the top seems very small . 
for a drawer 19 '' x 20 '' how many of these would i need ? i ca n't tell if these are sold as a single or a unit . please advise . thank you . 
can you tell me exactly how big this is ? i need one that fits my drawer that is 20 inches long . do i need to purchase 1 or 2 ? 
can the organizer be trimmed to fit a shorter drawer ? ( mine is 16.5 '' in depth ) 
is it just the ( one ) two row insert for $ 13.65 or is there more than one included ? 
is the mounting plate approx . 7.75 x 7.75 in . ? 
is there a way to lower the height of the base ? when attached , it makes my chair way too high off the ground . 
how high is the base ? can it be lowered ? 
does this rocker base have ball bearings 
i want to convert my rocker recliner into a swivel rocker recliner . how do i know if this will fit ? 
how tall is this item - distance from floor to bottom of chair ? 
how much weight can this hold ? 
how long are the legs ? 
how high is it ? 
this is 20 '' wide ? i 'd like the height of my chair to be about 8 '' high . is there a way to add height to the base ? 
what is the mesurement between the bolt holes . 
i was hoping that someone might know the rated load limit ? 
does this come with all the hardware 
how tall is this swivel base ? 
does this or another model fit a chair with 9 '' x 12 '' bolt pattern ? 
my recliner has 9 '' x14 '' bolt pattern , & amp ; i will make a plywood adapter for this 8 '' x8 '' base . anyone know if the plywd should be 3 4 '' or 5 8 '' thick ? 
i have a recliner which is not swivel , and need to add a swivel to the present recliner ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
will this fit a la-z-boy legacy rocker recliner ? thanks 
is this for the original magic bullet ? ( not juicer or nutribullet ) 
i thought the bigger cups were 20oz not 16oz ? 
where do you screw the lid on to ensure the drink opening is facing away from the handle ? every position puts it at the handle . 
we use straws for smoothies , is there a small opening just for that ? 
does the cross blade fit on this mug ? seems like this should be understood , but i do n't see it stated outright anywhere . 
do these taller mugs fit the cup holders in a car ? the original cups do not . 
will this also work with the nutribullet ? 
what is the diameter ? 
what model # and voltage do the cups fit ? 
my son needs one 4 '' across . will this fit ? 
are these cups compatible with the baby bullet ? 
are these cups for the mini magic bullet ? 
do they come with the tops ? 
are these compatible with nutribullet 900 ? 
is the magic bullet same as baby bullet ? will the parts fit ? 
what is the capacity for the tall cup ? 
will your product ( magic bullet tall and short cup original replacement parts ) work for nutribullet and if not why not ? 
will this fit model oster model # bccg08 thanks 
my jar base has 6 knobs on the outside of the base and this one has 5 around the outside . is this correct ? the outside diameter of my base is 2 7 8 . 
does it fit oater 6026 ? 
the blades wo n't rotate on my model 6859 when the unit is screwed together securely ; they work when only when parts are ( very ) loosely assembled . 
have you ever a threaded jar nut just break on you 
will it fit model old 6641 ? what diameter are the o-rings ? 
my blade and base are one part . will this rubber ring fit ? 
will it fit the oster model 6878 ? 
need replacementbottom cap for model # 6859 
does this have auto shut off ? 
bought this for use overseas . does it require a surge protection ? 
does it come back on immediately if you unplug it and plug it back in , or do you have to hit the power button again ? 
does it have a filter to replace ? 
how hard is it to clean this ? 
can you turn the light off ? 
does it leave a weird film on things in the room it is placed in ? i 've had this problem with humidifiers 
have misplaced instructions , how do you clean this ? 
how do you refill it ? i want to buy it for my 80 year-old mother and need to make sure it is easy to do . 
what is the tank capacity of this product ? 
is this heater quiet or does it make a lot of noise ? 
could someone tell me how tall this unit is ? thank you ! 
can you stop it from oscillating if you want to do that 
roughly how much does this unit add to your elctric bill ? 
does this unit have tip over shut off 
how thick is the plastic ? 
how thick are the bags ? 
i have a caso sealer how are the bags on this machine 
where are these bags made ? 
has anyone used these with a food saver v4880 ( automatic seal , not clamps ) ? ? 
will these work with a food saver vacuum seal unit ? 
are these bags bpa free ? 
has anyone used these in seal a meal devices ? it seems all reference has been made to `` seal a meal machines '' ... and seal a meal bags do not work for me , 
i saw these have no white area to write on the bags . will a perm . marker work on these bags or will i have to get freezer labels ? thanks , 
where are these bags made ? 
can these bowls be put in freezer 
what sizes are the bowls ? 
are these lightweight compared to a ceramic or glass bowl ? 
does anyone know the maker ? i love these but have lost one lid . i really would like a replacement . 
who manufactures these bowls . i dropped one and it cracked . i would like to replace just the one i cracked . i love these bowls . 
are these microwave safe ? 
what are the sizes ? how many quarts ? 
what is the diameter of this pan please ? also how long is the handle ? i have a small stove ( product info says 24 x 13 x 6 '' which makes no sense . ) 
is it induction ready ? 
is this # 440465 all pan useable in the oven 
can you clean it with bon ami or barkeeper 's friend ? 
how wide is the actual cooking surface ? 
can i use it to make pancake or should i get a frying pan ? 
will his pan fry eggs without burning ? 
how deep is the skillet without the lid ? thanks ! 
how deep is this pan ? 
what 's the size of the bottom ? 
your user manual does not have the symbols that appear on the water heater , example there is a symbol of a clock and what looks like a flash light . what is it ? ? and what should i do about it ? ? . 
i set up the aqua bed warmer yesterday afternoon ( 2 p.m est ) and , the heating blanket has not yet warmed up . how long does it take to get warm ? ? ? 
what type of motor is used ? any boiling noise ? 
can this operate from 12v . battery , perhaps with 120 inverter -- or what does power this if there are no wires ? 
should i order a king size for my queen size bed , i heard they run small 
is it machine washable ? 
do you ship the item to canada ? 
what is the drop length ? 
are the corners cut on the end where a footboard would be so that it fits properly with a footboard ? 
what is the drop from top to floor for this bed skirt ? 
is this four-sided , so that the skirt drapes on all sides of the bed ? 
it looks more white in the picture , how deep is the ivory color ? closer to a white or closer to a tea color ? 
does it have a 22 '' drop or is it 14 '' ? 
is this four-sided ? 
would it work with a white bedding set and furniture trims ? many thanks ! 
does it have split corners to go around bed posts ? 
are these sheets a wrinkled mess when they emerge from the dryer ? 
did they feel like sateen or cotton ? 
can you buy standard pillow cases for this set separately ? i ca n't find them on amazon . thanks ! 
what is the size of the fitted sheet pocket ? 
how many screws come with this rod , and will i need to drill holes to install ? 
i 'm confused , do you need to buy the sockets too or does the rod itself come will all that 's needed to install into the wall directly ? 
will this product work with http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b000hmb ... ? 
what is the diameter of the rod ? 
what is the height ? 
what is the maximum weight they will support ? 
can casters be added to the bottom to make this a rolling bar stool ? 
what is the width of the seat ? 
it says 11 '' high . our temperpedic bed is 12 '' . would it stretch to fit ? 
i want to use a waterproof mattress cover on my futon where my grand kids sometimes sleep . i did n't want the vinyl type . what material is this ? 
i want to encase my box spring too . will it fit ? a box spring is bigger and blockier . i do n't know whether to order two or not . 
is it breathable ? 
is it see through ? will it hide stains ? 
does it stay on a memory foam mattress correctly or does it end up being on a diagonal after a few nights use ? 
is it fully waterproof 
anyone know if there was a warrenty on this one ? others have it on description . this does n't say . please answer if positive not `` i think so '' thanks 
will it fit a queen size with a pillowtop ? 
queen size says it is 11 '' deep but wondering if anyone knows if there 's enough extra room to get around my 13 '' mattress ? 
will it fit a 10 inch mattress 
is this deep enough for a pillow top bed ? 
does it protect the sides of the mattress ? 
the top layer , does it have a smooth finish ( where it 's easy to wash ) or it 's like a tower ( furry and difficult to wash ) ? 
what is the country of orgin 
it says 11 '' high . our temperpedic bed is 12 '' . would it stretch to fit ? 
i want to use a waterproof mattress cover on my futon where my grand kids sometimes sleep . i did n't want the vinyl type . what material is this ? 
i want to encase my box spring too . will it fit ? a box spring is bigger and blockier . i do n't know whether to order two or not . 
is it breathable ? 
is it see through ? will it hide stains ? 
does it stay on a memory foam mattress correctly or does it end up being on a diagonal after a few nights use ? 
is it fully waterproof 
anyone know if there was a warrenty on this one ? others have it on description . this does n't say . please answer if positive not `` i think so '' thanks 
will it fit a queen size with a pillowtop ? 
queen size says it is 11 '' deep but wondering if anyone knows if there 's enough extra room to get around my 13 '' mattress ? 
do you know if there is a warranty associated with this product ? if anything leaks through the cover and ruins the mattress , does the vendor cover this ? is this type of warranty common ? 
are the sides waterproof ? 
does the elastic go around the entire circumference of the pad ? 
so does this have a bed skirt too ? 
has anyone had any issues with the sides tearing ? all fitted mattress pads i have bought in the past have had this problem . 
does this cover have a terry top ? 
instructions on use 
how do you set the temperature up ? 
does anyone else have a problem with the buttons working ? im not able to turn the temperature down at all . the only option im allowed is 212 degrees 
where do you buy filter 
does it show current water temp inside ( ofcourse , when seated on the base ) ? 
is the plastic lid bpa free 
how do these work versus the disks ? 
can you use the sugar saver in any other food goods besides brown sugar ? and how about regular sugar too ? 
does each bear come its own package , or are the two bears in one package ? 
directions on how long & amp ; temp to keep disk in oven or microwave to heat bear to get crackers crisper or warm bread. ? ? thanks . 
what are the dimensions of the bear ? i bought brown sugar discs and the dimensions were different from what was on the website . thanx 
can anyone give me the `` real '' dimensions ? i bought the discs and the dimensions in the description were wrong and did n't fit my containers . thanx 
can these be used as essential oil diffusers ? 
are they lead-free ? 
are there directions with the bears ? 
made in the usa ? 
is this clear glass or does it have a bluish tint ? 
does anyone happen to know where these are made ? thanks . 
help ! the lid got crooked wo n't come off ? ? 
do they say mason on the item ? ? ? 
how tall is the seat 
what is color of the cushion ? customer photo looks more rust oxblood than brown . 
metal comfort . never owned a metal backed and armed chair . is this actually comfortable ? 
the arms will eat up a lot of space from my relatively small kitchen countertop . can i not assemble the arms ? would the chair be flimsy without them ? 
do they swivel ? 
how tall are the arms ? will they fit under a 40 inch counter when the chair is tucked in ? 
how tall are the arms ? will they fit under a 40 inch counter when the chair is tucked in ? 
what is the width of the seat ? have a big husband ! 
what is the weight limit . i 'm looking for 400 pound limit 
what is the height to the top of the arm rest ? i am checking to see if they fit under my bar . thank you ! 
what is seat height ? 
is the swivel very sturdy or is a fixed seat preferable ? i have seen swivels that sort of wobble after some use . 
height in inches 
can these be used outdoors 
in the description you mention `` the wood seat '' but also describe the chair as having a foam seat . which is it ? 
just ordered these and want to get felt pads for baes of the chair legs . what is the dimension of the base of the leg ? 
how much weight do they hold ? 
will this work with a bar that is 42 '' high and can they be used outdoors ? 
how many inches from the floor to the seat ? i do have a table with 36 inches height . 
how many pounds does it hold 
what is the metal gauge of this product ? and when will it delivery ? 
are these 30 or 31 or 32 '' high ? a lot of confusion on this ... .thanks ! 
what is the the width and depth of the seat and at the widest part of the legs by the footrest ? 
what kind of material is on the bottom of the legs . will this hurt my hardwood floors ? 
how do i order these chairs with the mentioned vinyl seats and how quickly can i get them ? i 'm in tampa florida 
i would like to order 4 but the shipping is close to $ 90 . is there any discount on shipping for ordering that many ? 
if you order 4 , is there a break in the cost of shipping ? 
do really wish they made these in 24 '' seat height : ) ? 
how much weight does it hold ? 
does it come in a 24 inch 
what is the height measurement from seat to floor in inches ? 
does anyone know the weight limit on these stools ? 
in the picture , you can see under the seat where it is attached to the legs . can you see this when you stand and look at the bar stool ? 
what is the height of this chair 
are these chairs sold each or set of 2 ? 
picture shows a burgundy seat when i add to my cart ; but i want black . what color is the seat ? 
my bar measures 44 '' high . will these chairs be tall enough to comfortably sit and eat at my 44 '' bar ? 
would these stools be suitable for outside use ? 
are the feet smooth , rubber capped or what ? we have hardwood floor in kitchen . 
what is the height from floor to seat ? 
we have a travel ; trailer with a small sink and no counter space . is this strong enough to put over the sink and use as a cutting serface ? 
what is the thickness of this board ? 
when using the cutting board do you get line marks of scrapes from the knife while using it ? 
are these boards dishwasher safe ? 
can you use the reverse side ? does that side have a groove as well ? 
can someone take a tape and measure the thickness of this board ? thanks 
since you have been using the board do you find that knives leave grooves behind ? is the surface now all criss-crossed with slice marks or is it still solid ? this is my biggest issue with my current cutting boards and i never feel they are getting ... 
is this cutting board dishwasher safe ? 
where is it made ? 
is this cutting board bpa free ? 
is there a filter available for this model , allowing you to use coffee of your choice ? 
is this model black ? the description says it is , yet the picture shows silver . 
is this the same as the k-fee ? 
please give me the height , width and depth of the coffee maker . this would be an addition to our keurig and i am looking for something pretty small . 
can i use ground espresso coffee instead of the pods ? 
so you can not use like the k cups ? 
does the verismo only take starbucks pods 
is this the same as the 580 model ? 
can you use keurig pods in this machine 
is it real leather ? 
does it comes already assembled ? 
if i buy 4 chairs- would you charge 20 $ each for shipping ? ! thank you 
what is the actual height of the seat ? 
what are the dimensions for this product ? 
dimensions 
how low is this chair ? how easy is it to get out of ? especially someone with hip problems ? will be used in a clinic waiting room . 
can the cushion be removed from the seat or is it attached to the seat base ? thanks 
can you flip the seat cushion , or is the pleather one-sided ? 
how high is the seat ? 
how durable are these chairs ? 
what are the dimensions of this chair ? ( height , width , and depth ) what color are the nailheads ? 
does it come in black 
how many lbs . can accomadate on this chair ? i 'm 5'10 do you thik i can fit on the seat dimension of 19x19 ? thank you . 
when you assemble this chair is the only assembly putting the legs on ? 
what is your return policy ? 
is the elastic all the way around 
is 76 '' 80 a king size ? 
has anyone tried this on a standard 76x80 king ? if so did it fit tight ? 
does it fit snug over a 13 inch king mattress ? 
does this fit a normal size king ? not deep pocket 
how badly does this sheet shrink if washed in hot water ? 
does it fit a 15.5 deep memory foam mattress ? 
are you going to get this item in grey ? 
the price is rite but does it fit a cal . king ? 
does it fit a king mattress that is 11 inches high deep , not 15 '' ? 
is it really 100 % cotton with no additives . i do n't want no-iron ! 
will this sheet fit an 18 '' mattress ? 
do these sheets come with 2 pillow cases ? 
does it pill ? 
what is the thread count of this sheet ? 
is the sheet crisp , heavy duty or not ? so many differing opinions . 
where are these made ? the tag on my fitted sheet i just bought does not say where . 
does it come with pillowcases too ? 
is it gon na be good tight enough for a 8 '' mattress ? 
it this a shallow or deep pocket sheet ? 
what is included ? 
has anyone who bought the darker colors ( dark brown black ) had issues with color bleeding ? 
is it deep pocket ? 
are these sheets 100 % cotton , not slippery , not sateen ? i really want muslin sheets . 
is this a 1 ply or 2 ply bed sheet ? 
does the elastic goes all around or just the corners ? 
i 'm looking for some thick white sheets to turn into a duvet cover . are these thick ? can you see through them easily ? 
is it one or two sheets ? 
the details say the size is 66 x 104 inches . is n't that xl ( extra long ) ? 
how deep are they ? 
does it comes with pillow sheet ? 
could i use it with gum paste or fondant ? 
is the fondant hard to get out of the mold ? ? ? ? 
about how big is the flower its self ? 
pin reviews person refers to price paid as 64.00 yet it is asking 86.00 ? 
is this very soft ? 
is the underside of the comforter smooth cotton ? or is it ruffled on both sides ? 
is both sides of the duvet cover cotton ? and the inside has a microfiber lining ? or is the top cotton , and bottom microfiber ? 
it this a bright white duvet or an off-white ? 
does this cover duvet have the comforter ties inside ? 
what kind of cotton is it ? 
how thick is it - i 'm planning to put it over a bedspread that has color to it just to have a change ... . do you think it will be easy to see through ? 
if you have a queen devet and queen bed would you recommend a king cover for a floor length on both sides , more inviting look like one of the reviewers ? 
would liked to know if this is a duvet cover or duvet please ? 
would this be good for steaming tamales ? 
will this fit in the power pressure cooker xl 
would this fit a 6qt presto pressure cooker ( model 01362 ) ? 
would it support 4-quart size canning jars ? i need to replace the canner rack that rusted . 
is it stackable ? ? ? if i put one upon the other , will the top one stand perfectly on top of the bottom one ? 
can this be used for the 8 qt fagor duo pressure cooker model 
are the legs smooth on the bottom ? i do not want to scratch the non-stick coating of my rice cooker . 
do you need to drain the oil after every use ? if not , how long can you leave the same oil in the fryer ? 
does it smoke much , ie is it suitable for a kitchen with minimal ventilation ? 
there were several different answers for 'what is the minimum amount of oil that can be used ' . is there a manufacturer 's minimum ? 
okay to steam in this ? ( ca n't see why not ... ) 
does it have the 2 position basket holder ? one position for frying and another for draining ? 
what are the actual dimensions of the unit ? 
can someone confirm the temperature settings are accurate ? aka , set it to 375 & deg ; and put a thermometer in it to confirm it 's actually getting there ? 
where is this fryer manufactured ? 
what are the dimensions of the basket on the breville smart fryer 
how many chicken wings will fit in the basket to fry together ? 
can you use bisquick or another commercial pancake batter and get good results ? 
does it cook on top of the gas stove or is there an electrical heating connection ? 
what ingredients are needed for the recipe that is included 
is it bivolt ? i 'm living in brazil and here we use 110 volts . 
what kind of non-stick coating is used with the bubble waffler ? does it need to be wiped with a damp cloth before first use ? 
does this include recipes for the batter ? 
can i buy replacement ( empty ) jars ? 
can you change the spice labels on the top of the jars , or are those permanently labelled . 
what are the dimensions of the 20-bottle rack ? how much counter space is required ? 
is there an expiration date on the spices ? 
it says that the words are etched into the tops so this means they cant not rub off , correct im looking for permanent words on each jar 
what spices are included ? 
sid the company remove old mattress and box spring ? 
does the set have a box spring ? 
what size is this set ? i need a set king , thanks . 
what model is this ? meaning what 's the `` name '' of it ? 
what kind of warranty do this set have ? 
gardner white price $ 699 . they call their model `` simmons & reg ; beautysleep & # 153 ; grand rapids plush queen flat set '' . is this the same model ? 
what is the rating for firmness ? 
would you class this mattress as firm , soft , or in between ? 
i know it is part of the beauty sleep line , but is there a more specific model name ? 
can anyone say whether this comes with a base or is it only the mattress ? 
even thought this is a plush `` soft '' mattress does it still provide lower lumbar support ? or is not recommended for those who need the support ? 
this is a queen mattress , right ? does it come with a frame too ? 
can you use both sides of the mattress ? 
does it have box spring . 
is this a queen sized set ? 
is this a shoreview plush 
i 'm looking for mugs that really hold in the heat ... keeps the coffee hot . do these fit the bill ? 
are they stackable ? 
where are they made 
we have a memory foam mattress that is 14 '' thick . will it fit ? i have already purchased 1 mattress cover at kohl 's and the elastic at the bottom did n't stretch far enough . 
are the sides of this pad stretchy and is it easy to put on 
would this pad fit a 9inch deep mattress ? 
i want this for a sofa bed . the mattress is thin . would this pad be too deep ? 
my mattress is only 8 '' deep . will this fit ? thanks 
does this add comfort to your mattress ? 
a reviewer mentioned a `` plastic smell '' , , , ,has anyone else experienced this ? 
what type of fabric is the backing ? is the filling polyester or cotton ? is the quilting stitched or fused ? 
where is this made ? 
does it say where this is made ? 
is it 'breathable '' -as cool as w out a pad- or are you more likely to wake up 'sweaty ' & amp ; hotter than w out any pad or mattress-cover ? 
does this mattress pad contain polyester ? or anything other than cotton ? 
how thick is this ? 
would this fit on a10in tempur mattress ? 
does this pad creates a plush sensation to the bed ? 
will it fit on queen size blow up mattress 
does it fit in the washing machine ok ? 
does this mattress pad stay on the mattress ? we have children who walk on the bed and our current pad always comes off ... . 
is the top layer made of cotton ? if so what is the filling made of ? tia 
comparing options ... how thick is the padding portion ? 
can i just buy this and sleep on it , i mean can i place on top of the rugs and just sleep comfortably on it 
machine wash 
where did you find a frame to fit this dimension ( 81.9 x 58.2 cm ) ? 
are the countries outlined once you scratch them ? also , is each country in a different color ? includes capitals ? 
shipping question - any input is appreciated - how many business days from order to receipt ? 
is this a scratch off map by luckies ? 
what are the dimensions of the map ? ( thank you . ) 
are the 50 states of the united states labeled or at least outlined on the map ? 
i ca n't find the dimensions of the map , how big is this ? 
how do you scratch off the map ? 
what if you accidentally scratch a country can you unscratch it ? 
what are the demensions of this table ? 
what materials is this table made of ? 
can you describe the actual color in more detail , is it more reddish than brownish ? 
my box was missing instructions . can you help ? 
how is the table delivered ? all in a box ? what assembly is required ? 
what is the maximum weight this can hold ? 
can the rear cross bar be left off ? i 'm thinking of using this as a console table . 
is the color really cherry ? it appears more like oak . 
what are the dimensions of the inside of the drawers ? 
does it come in a lighter color ? 
when opened is the top strong enough to support , say , a laptop ? 
is this table solid wood or something else 
do you offer replacement parts ? our part d came with a big chip , but we already assembled the whole coffee table , so it is too much trouble to return . 
can someone please post a picture of this open ? does it just open up ? or does it angle out towards the user ? 
is the cherry finish very `` cherry red '' or more of a walnut color ? looking for something more brown than red , thanks ! 
how much weight can the table top handle when it 's open ? 
cound you put casters on it to make it easier to move ? 
can one control the height when top is lifted ? what height does top extend to ? 
does anyone know the dimensions ( height and depth ) with the desktop opened ? 
want dimensions ? 
what are the dementions of this table ? 
if i did not install the door and shelf . what are the inner dimensions ? i 'm looking to purchase three to store computers inside of . 
is table assembled 
how do you make the door work from left to right ? thank you ! 
does this piece have a charging station for electronics 
there was no assembly instructions in the box ... ... ... .where can i get a copy ? it was the sauder carson forge side table 
is this item solid wood or veneer ? if so , what type of wood ? is the back of the piece finished ? are both sides the same ? thank you ! 
why does it say free shipping but when i go to check out it charged $ 22 ? 
the color looks more like early american than cherry . cherry is more of a red color.if its early american or walnut i would like to purchase 4 . 
what size is the sauder carson forge side table 
how far is it from screw hole to screw hole on the swivel plate ? 
recliner-handles - you sell to swivel bases , one 24 in and the other 25.5. the 24 is 5 in high while the 25.5 is only 3 in tall . is this correct ? 
installation of round swivel base flexsteel 
my recliner is a bulldog glider swivel . the ring is 24 ' and the plate is 10'5 inches will this replacement fit my recliner ? 
what size swivel ring do i need for a 29 '' sq . club chair . i do n't want the ring to show . i am having reupholstered 
hello , i have a leather lazy boy recliner that is on a non-swivel wood base . i would like to convert it to a swivel base . will your base work ? if so , what size should i order ( 22 , 24 , 25 ? ) thank you 
i have a swivel recliner that is sitting on a 10.25 metal plate with an 8 '' grove in the center . i 'm looking at the 24 '' ring w swivel plate . correct ? 
center base is larger than original and holes do n't line up . would like to see video on how to install 
we want to add a swivel base to recliners in our rv & amp ; they have to be moved when we are traveling . do the little feet make it hard to move on carpet ? 
how do i measure my lazyboy recliner to know which swivel base to order ? 
is the chrome base a shiny one or more like brushed nickel ? 
just to confirm ... the price ( ~ $ 125 with shipping ) includes 2 chairs , correct ? 
how wide is the seat ? 
what is the weight limit on these stools ? 
i just put these together following but the `` adjustable hydraulic '' function does not work , i ca n't adjust them and lever does not work ... any ideas ? 
can the arms be removed ? i 'm using these mainly to sit at my breakfast bar for meals . i think the arms might get in the way . 
what is the width of the base ? 
does the circular foot rest rotate with the chair when you swivel , or can you use it to push against to turn around ? 
how tall is from top to bottom ? 
1. what is pu leather ? says brown they look like burgandy . 2. is it closer to brown or burgandy ? 3. are there any other colors ? 
when humidity setting is reached , does the whole unit turn off or just the compressor , meaning does the fan always run ? 
how many amps does it use and is a special plug required ? 
what is the decibel rating ? is there a similar model thats quieter ? 
what is the warranty 
will not be able to use the hose so must understand how easy [ or not ] it is to empty the bucket by hand . thanks ! 
for a 3 car garage will this or the 70 pint unit be better suited . i have fish tanks in the garage and it 's causing a lot of condensation on the doors 
how loud is it ? can you hear the tv if your in the same room with it running ? 
is this unit adequate for a space 24feet x 15'-8 '' x ceiling height 115 inches . ? ? ? thanks gary 
can the wheels be locked or removed ? i want to use it on a boat and do n't want it to roll while we are gone . 
this unit looks very much like the edgestar unit . is there a difference , and if so , what ? 
what is the noise level for various levels of operation in db ? 
how noisy is it 
is it quiet 
how much electricity does it use ? 
is the bucket open on top or is it partially covered to help stop spilling 
can this work in 'cold-ish ' basements w o the coils freezing ? i 've read that for unheated basements one needs a special 'basement ' designation ? 
can we use general garden hose attached to it for drainage 
how many cubic feet per minute of air does it move , at various operating levels ? 
warranty ? 
does the fan run continuous or only when it is dehumidifying ? ? 
can this be heated on the stove or does the water need to be heated first then poured into the pot ? 
is this tea pot blue or purple ? it looks purple but says blue . 
hi , where is this item made ? thanks ! 
is the inside of the pot cast iron or enamel ? 
what is the measurement of the top opening when you lift the lid off ? i 'm looking for a pot that will accommodate a pour over coffee dripper . thanks . 
does the teapot come with the handle attached ? mine just got here and the handle was n't attached and i ca n't figure out how to attach it . defect ? 
can the infuser be removed from the pot ? 
is this a cast iron teapot that can be used on top of a wood burning stove indoors with water to humidify the air ? 
is this safe to keep on a gas wood burning stove to disburse moisture in our dry colorado climate ? 
the 4th picture of this item shows it in a basket with someother items and a tag that says `` peace '' on it . if i gift this will it look the same ? 
i put my kettle in the dishwasher and now the paint is peeling off . it 's a great kettle , but now it looks horrible ! what am i to do ? 
is this compatible with induction cooktops ? 
i do n't like the whistle . can it be disabled or does the spout cover lock open to prevent the whistle ? 
is this tea kettle suitable for use on ceramic or glass cooktops ? 
when i try to purchase the teal color it says red , and when i press the red one it says teal but stays red- how do i purchase the teal ? ? ? 
where is tea kettles made 
is this kettle 's interior lined ? 
is the cord detachable and how long ? 
does the ultimate package contain 2 cookers ? 
are these 1800w or the 1600w the burner is marked with a sticker on the bottom 
is this auto volt or 220 volt 
does this package come with 2 burners as pictured ? 
has anyone had a problem with the handle popping out of the vacuum when they pull it towards them ? i returned a different model because of that issue 
does it have a retractable cord ? 
what does the el8902a weigh ? ? ? 
how much does this vacuum weigh ? 
what is the differene between this model and the green one that is a little cheaper ( and seems to have a lot of negative reviews ) ? 
can it be used on cermaic tile 
i am fixing up a spare bedroom for my granddaughter when she comes to visit . my twin mattress is thick . do you think the fitted sheet will fit ? 
could anyone tell me if the elastic on the fitted sheet is all the way around or just at the corners ? does it stay on the mattress well ? 
i wan na know which measures package ? 
do you post it to australia ? 
maybe a stupid question ... can you sip from it without the lid ? 
how tall is the tumbler without the lid ? i 'm trying to figure out if it will fit my travel-cup coffee maker ( black & amp ; decker , not a keurig ) . 
is there a thin resin coating on the inside or outside ? also , is there a hole in the bottom that 's been filled with lead , as indicated in a review ? 
what is the diameter of the opening of the cup ? can an aeropress coffee maker fit on top ? 
does the cup have a rolled edge , blunt , or sharp ? 
doe the cover leak down the front when drinking especially if condensation forms near the cup rim on the inside ? 
how large is the lid opening - i ca n't tell from the pic . is it a small sippy hole , like most disposible coffee tops ? 
1 ) how strong are the handles ( welded , riveted , both ) ? 2 ) what 's the diameter and height ( w o lid ) of the pot ? 3 ) what is the thermo probe length ? 
is it possible to use this pot with an induction burner ? 
how many gallons of water need to be in the pot in order for the thermometer to be submerged offer a good reading ? 
will this work with the k10 mini plus brewer ? 
does this filter system work with the k75 platinum brewer 
will this fit my mr coffee bvmc-kg1.machine ? the lower part is removable on my coffee maker . 
will this work with the keurig b45 elite ? 
does it work with keurig k-cup k40 elite ? 
i apologize for sounding like a complete moron , but can someone tell me exactly how to use all 3 pieces ? i have keurig single cup brewer . thx ! 
i have keurig model b31 . has anyone purchased this replacement filter for that model ? 
i 'm planning a different use for this and would like to know if the filter cup is stainless steel mesh , or if it 's plastic . thanks ! 
does this work on the k45 ? 
k45 
will it fit the sodastream i have now ? it 's the one that cost $ 79.99 in most , if not in every store . 
will this one fit ? http : www.amazon.com sodastream-foun ... 
what size of bottles does it hold ? can it hold ( 3 ) one liter bottles ? the picture looks as if they are 1 2 liter bottles . 
will this hold the sodastream dynamo lx 
does the kitchenaid sparkling beverage maker powered by sodastream fit ? 
will this work with the revolution soda stream ? 
will this product fitsodastream source home soda maker starter kit , black ? 
will the soda stream model soda stream 1016511011 crystal black silver soda maker fit ? 
i love the looks of this organizer ! will it fit the revolution model ? 
does this work with the sodastream lx model ? 
how long does it take to make a full pot of iced coffee from start to finish ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how do i get a replacement for the glass piece that holds the water to drip ? in spite of my incredible gentleness , mine broke on my first try to use . 
are you us seller ? how long will i receive if i order ? 
is the dripping mechanism spout made of metal or plastic ? 
what filters does everyone use with this ? has anyone found a permanent reusable filter made of stainless or ceramic that fits and works with this ? 
i also need a replacement part for the very top piece that holds the ice . where can i get one ? 
can you ship to australia ? 
what about the packaging ? somebody experienced broken pieces ? 
hello , you can send me to mexico ? 
will the bottom shelf hold a standard mccormick spice jar ? 
what is the diameter 
how high does it stand with both trays ? 
how much weight will the top shelf support ? 
is the entire product made out of stainless steel , including the 3 supporter rods ? 
how tall is shelf , empty ? 
how many standard sized spice jars does it hold ? 
is it 10 inches or 10 and a half inches ? i see both dimensions in the info . my cabinet door wont close if it is more than 10 
does anyone know where the product was manufactured ? 
how far apart is the top tray from the bottom tray ? ( how tall can the items on the bottomshelf be ? ) 
is correct that it weights 5 pounds ? i think is too heavy to be wafer paper . please confirm asap . thanks 
how thick is this paper please ? i am looking for a thinner paper that is .3mm thick for flower making . 
is the paper smooth or does it have a texture ? 
we use these sheets to photo cake , does not lose its shape when printing with edible ink ? 
this sheet is the same `` rice paper '' ? use for pastry ? thank you 
date of expire ? 
do you sell these by the 100 in grade 0 ? 
can you use this for making party invitations would it be able to go on a printer or is this only use for cooking 
what grade paper is this please ? 
why do n't you ship to turkey ... i ca n't complete my order 
is there space for name email address ? 
will these stickers adhere to ocean kayaks with the bumpy surface ? 
how soon after application of stickers can you go diving ? 
would these be ok for `` boat name '' and `` town '' for the back of my boat . they would have to be on a legal size ~1.5 '' in height ? i have the artwork ! 
hello ! i want use my custome logo , . can i know your email.. ? and i want 2type name.. is it possible ? actually , my name and my husband name . 
i placed my order with amazon yesterday and have not yet received an email with `` customization instructions . '' is that email coming ? 
can you provide info on how to upload a custom logo ? 
hi , how much is the shipping fees to singapore ? 
where do i put in the text i want on my stickers ? amazon did not give me the option to personalize them . 
how many tea bags does the box hold total , or how many will fit in each compartment ? 
does the lid have a hinge so that it can stand upright when open ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
what are the inner dimensions of the squares ? specifically the height ? 
how many tea wrapped tea bags can this hold ? 
could you turn this box vertical and store the tea that way ? i am wondering if it would fall over or if the tea bags would keep falling out . 
will these compartments hold mighty leaf bags ? they are a bit larger than tazo twinings . 
what width of teabags fit ? tazo ? 2 3 4 x 3 ? 
dimensions of box ? 
the pic shows maple rack not bamboo . is it bamboo ? 
hello , anybody have the dimensions of this shoe rack ? thanks ! 
has anyone had this shoe rack long enough to know how the finish stands up to wet shoes ? 
can i stack more of these on top of each other ? 
is this one of those you have to iron when you open ? i really hate that . 
is the red a burgundy red or a red-red ? i am looking for a deep red , almost burgundy red and hoping for some black to accent in blacks . 
what is the width ? 
size length 
please tell me what the dimensions are for this vanity table ? ? 
hello , can someone please tell me the length , width and height of all the drawers ? i have already purchased trays & amp ; i hope they fit ! thanks ! 
may i have the dimensions for just stool ? can i buy just the stool 
the stool is not included , right ? 
does anyone know the shipping box dimensions ? i will need to transport this by car ( unassembled ) and i want to make sure it will fit in my small car . 
looking for a vanity for our 6 yr. old grandaughter ... would this vanity for her ? 
is the mirror removeable ? and if so , does it show a hole if not attached 
what is the width of the mirror ? 
does it have a veneer or lamenated finish ? if not does it leave stains n scratches ? 
what are dimensions ? 
does the bed skirt cover the back too , or only the front and sides ? 
is it sage with white or cream ? 
we are ordering this for a twin daybed we just bought , this set is listed as a `` queen '' . is it really a queen ? 
how big is the package this comes in ? ... i will have to ship it to someone and i need to know how big it is inside the package 
is this machine washable ? 
is it queen sized ? 
can we confirm this is a commerical grade and allowed in manufacturing buildings for osha use not household use stamped on the bottom ? 
does this use the regular k-cups from keurig 
can you use distilled water and not do the dirtecb hook up , which means you do not have to buy and change out filters ? 
how high is the unit when the coffe pod is open ? i want to place cabinets above it . 
is there a stainless steel reusable cup that i can use with this brewer ? 
what size water filter does it need ? 
does the plug have 3 prongs ? 
what type of reusable cup can i purchase for use with this machine . 
can i brew my own ground coffee 
what 's the chair capacity ? my son is 280 lbs . 
what 's the chair weight capacity ? 
i am 6 foot tall and have a 34 '' inseam , will this chair adjust heigh enough to accomodate my height ? 
i 'm sadly a fat person , and i do n't wan na buy a chair that does n't fit me . so can any please tell how wide that chair is ( cm ) ? 
what is the dept of the seat ? is it good for short people ? 
what is the width and depth of the actual seat ? 
where do i find assembly instructions ? 
what on gods green earth is a leatherette seat 
i 'm buying 8 of these chairs for christmas presents for my office . what size is the box ? trying to decide where to ship these items . 
does this chair offer good lumbar support ? 
are they full tang ? 
how sharp are these knives ? 
what is spreader usedfor 
are they dishwasher safe 
what is spreader used for 
can i store these knives safely on a magnetic strip ? 
what is the actual size of the mirror on the 20 '' x 27 '' cabinet ? 
anybody know the rough opening would be nice if they told ya 
what are the dimensions for the recessed part ? 
does this pillow come with a washable cover ? 
weight and dimensions 
can it be easily packed in my carry on ? 
is the snap metal , or plastic ? want to use in mri . . . 
is it washable ? 
is the pillow and or cover machine washable ? 
does it have a zipper along the back edge or is it stiched ? zippers tear up leather on couch 
does it have a zipper along the back edge or is it stiched ? zippers tear up leather on couch 
is it washable ? 
does it really have one fabric on one side and another type of fabric on the other to suit preferences ? 
what is the cover fabric ? 
is it easy to open side to remove half of the beads.. to make pillow thin ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is there a chemical smell to these ? i have had that problem with other 'microbead ' products . 
will this work in a recliner ? 
can you wash and dry this ? 
was it a big or heavy packaging ? or it was more like sheets packaging ? 
what includes in this set ? 
the weigh ? 
will this fit a full size bed ? 
does it come one twin pc 
is the doc mcstuffins just the comforter or does it include the sheets and pillowcases 
hi there was just wondering if you could tell me the dimensions of the product once its packaged up 
how do i get the sham to match this comforter . 
what is the thread count on these sheets ? 
includes quilt and sheet set ? 
can someone tellme the size ? 99x66 ? ? 
can this be used without a direct water line , i.e . self fill ? 
where is this made ? 
i lost my instruction book how do i set the clock and timers ? 
can you use a gold metal filter 
is a culligan ez-1 filter acceptable for the brew express bec-110 ? 
two questions , first , anyone know what the water temp is as it comes out ? are full , half and single the only brew options ? thanks ! 
is the adaptor plate included to replace the be 112 that this model replaced ? 
can i hook this up to bottled water ( no water pressure ) ? 
how long does the coffee stay hot in the carafe ? 
anyone else have great success with the units life span ? 
is it dishwasher friendly ? 
can you put hot liquids in the cup like hot cocoa ? 
is this a double tumbler cup or just one ? 
is this cup bpa free ? 
is the image printed on the plastic glass ? or is it a paper insert ? 
can you tell me if the casing is wood or plastic ? 
does this unit come with all the filters ( carbon fil+hepa +photo cat filer + per-filt ) as listed and does it come with the ozone plates ? 
can this be used in an occupied area such as a living room ? 
is the hepa filter washable ? 
how well does it fit a king size ? 
how tall are the stands ? how tall is the bed from the floor ? 
is it easy to adjust if you decide later that you want to change it from a twin to a king or queen ? 
does the height from the floor include the wheels ? how high without them ? 
what are the dimensions when assembled for a queen ? 
do you need spring box for this item ? 
does the frame have a weight limit ? 
does it fit a california king 
do you have to have a headboard and or a footboard with this bed frame ? 
do i need anything else to be able to attach a headboard to it ? 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
is 40 oz for one or 40 oz for all three ? or , please state the amount of cups in each one..thank you 
how many cups in each one 
how does this fit a king size bed ? 
i have a queen with a bed skirt do i need a king or queen , like to see a bit of the skirt 
what colors are on this quilt 
what colors are in this quilt ? 
do you have this in a king size ( cal king prefered ) ? 
is there matching curtains ? 
does this quilt have green blocks or gray along with the red or burgandy ones ? 
it does n't say what the reverse side is like or i missed that . i ordered it anyway , but will someone let me know ? 
what colors are in it ? 
is this a king size quilt bedspread ? 
does it come in white ? 
what are the dimensions ? i am after the smaller one that is 3.5 '' deep . 
is this cabinet need to be assemble in any way ? or is it ready for hanging ? 
what are the dimensions of the closed cabinet part of his unit ? 
is the back of the cabinet thick enough to hang up securely ? 
what type of material is on the back of the cabinet part ? 
is this cabinet made out of wood ? 
can this be painted with minwax for a darker color 
does this come with hanging support , screws and panels ? 
what 's the dimension between the bottom of the cabinet and the shelf ? 
how many rolls of toilet paper would fit behind the cabinet door ? 
what is inside the cabinet ? shelves ? also , do you think it is easy to take down ? i might be moving in less than a year . 
what is the depth of this cabinet ? 
what are the measurements height & amp ; width ? 
is this dark brown or is it more like black ? 
what are the dimensions inside the door ? 
has anyone else had extreme trouble trying to screw the hinge onto the upright ? the screws seem too big . i 'm thisclose to smashing the thing . 
how faux is the faux granite ? what 's it made out of ? how hard is it to tell it 's fake ? 
does this unit come with the decorative shelf on the bottom ? 
what are the dimensions ( height and depth ) of the bottom , faux-granite shelf ? 
does this have an inner can that you can pulll out ( to clean ) ? 
what are dimensions ( outside ) ? lgth x width x ht . 
does it have a plastic piece that will hold the plastic trash bag inside the can ? 
is there a way to lock the lid to prevent a dog from trying to open it ? 
can you use generic trash bags and if so , will they show ? 
do these have openings on the side for sprinling and or measuring access ? 
how many oz . of spice do they hold ? 
do these have a good seal on them when closed ? 
are there slots to turn to shake the spice out instead of lifting the lid off every time ? 
what is the warranty on this chair 
can you raise the legs without reclining ? 
how wide between arms of the chair 
does this chair come assembled ? 
weight limit for chair and actual width of seat ? 
chair was just delivered & amp ; has a funky plug ? ? ? i did not read anywhere that this chair would not plug into a standard outlet . am i missing something ? 
can you recline the back without raising the leg rest . 
is the weight limit 30 lbs ? 
my father is 6'1 and almost 290 lbs . will he fit in this chair ? 
how far from wall is needed 
does this microfiber fabric attract and hold on to every thing ? my livingroom set is microfiber and its like velcro with crumbs , hair etc . thanks 
is this chair for a petite person.mom is 4.10 inches and 160 lbs 
is this chair available in wine color 
is there separate operation buttons for the foot and the back of the chair or if on moves they both move ? 
i 'm 5'9 '' and i 'm looking for proper cooking coverage . is this apron long enough to cover me to at least mid thigh ? 
your listing shows free shipping but when i tried to check out it showed a shipping cost of over $ 6 . please advise . 
does it fit for a bigger size person ? 
if i ordered today would i receive by thursday june 12 ? 
i am looking for 14 matching aprons ( for costumes ) . do you have that many of this one in stock ? 
does this apron come in pink , for the same price ? i would love 6 of them if so ! 
i am buying for someone who is 4'10 ' ... will it be too long on her ? she is very petite 
i am buying for someone who is 4'10 ' ... will it be too long on her ? she is very petite 
is this apron one size fits all most ? 
do you have a child size in this apron ? 
could i buy just the table ? 
i want this against a wall , i was wondering can you neatly place all the stools under the table ? 
would i be able to paint over the faux marble top ? 
can the table top be coated with some sort of protectant ? 
hello . is the top of the table authentic marble or faux marble ? 
what is the weight limit on the chairs ? 
do the table come with chairs 
do the table come with chairs 
i would like to use this set in my basement for dominoes and crabs . it will be on carpet will the table and chairs still be sturdy for 225 pound men . 
are the faux leather seats dark brown or black ? 
anyone know what the weight limit is for each of the shelves ? thanks . 
will my remote work and be able to control my cable box with the door shut ? -a 
i asked on wayfair about this , but did n't get a straight answer . are the legs removable ? ca n't really tell from that picture . thnx ! 
is the bottom section a drawer or is it inaccessible ? 
how many shelves comes with the unit ? is the 34 '' height including the legs feet ? 
are the posted dimensions accurate ? 19 x 18.2 x 34 inches ? which is the width ? what are the interior clear dimensions of the shelves ? thank you ! 
is the glass hazy or clear 
i have a turntable . does the top open in a way to accommodate turntable opening ? 
what is the dimensions of this table ? 
can adjust the height ? 
what is the highest height adjustment possible ? 
pray , what is the difference between table mate and table mate 2 ? the cup holder ? 
can the angle of the table top be adjusted like at an angle for reading ? 
what are the dimensions of the tray itself ? thanks 
what is the height of this table ? 
does this qualify for prime shipping ? 
is this product kosher ? 
what are the labeled ingredients ? 
what flavors are the best in your opinion ? want to know if its worth getting all six . 
anyone know how many medium size snow ones you can get out of a bottle ? 
how many oz 's are in each bottle ? 
are the bottles glass or plastic 
is this product concentrated ? or watered down . 
once open how long can the syrups be kept ? 
where is the used sell by information.there are different numbers on each bottle but nothing i can decipher . 
could these syrups be used with the sodastream machines , added to water to use as a drink ? 
i love mine but the two piecescame attached and now are two separate pieces . is this supposed to happen ? 
how do you take it off to stir without causing water spillage ? 
does this work with a vegetable steamer or does all the steam come out ? 
is this brand easy to clean ( vs the kuhn rikon ) ? 
does it really work ? does it come in a box with instructions how to use it ? 
are these 100 % food-grade silicone ? 
would this work for cooking rice ? 
what is the outside diameter ? 
how does this work - do you just put these two pieces on the pot ? or do you put them on and then also put your regular pot lid on top of it ? 
how do i keep it from raising the cover up and boiling out under the lid ? 
are these the color in the photo or like a chocolate brown ? 
do you have queen and king sizes 
what color brown is it ? is a chocolate ? 
does it really look like the picture ? 
what are the measurements of the bed ? ( width height length etc.. ) 
how squishy collapsible is it ? like , for squeezing through doorways attic hatches etc . 
are these crystal glasses ? 
would you ship this item to united kingdom ? and what are the charges for the same 
this item is avaiable to be package for international shipment ? 
i wnat to no if you can personlised the flutes of champagne for use 
i saw in one review that they stated that the glasses came engraved with the letter `` f '' on them . is this accurate ? 
i was wondering if these could be engraved ? 
can these be personalized or engraved 
are they induction cookwear ? 
do they have real copper or they are just copper tone colored pots ? 
where are they made ? us , china , tawain ? ? 
are these oven safe ? 
do the lids for the pots fit on the frying pans ? 
i saw on another site that you make black chairs for this table , is there a way to get everything thru amazon or thru your company direct ? 
does this table come in any shorter length than 55 '' ? ( love it but live with small spaces . ) 
is the chrome base shiny or matte ? 
what is the seat height of these chairs ? 
how much are the chairs ? 
does this table come in alternate colors ? i am looking for gray or black if available . what is the composition of the table top , what is it made of ? 
i like the table but i like the chairs from this set `` cramco virgo 5-piece dining set - white '' is there a posibilty that the chairs can be switched 
the shipping is saying it will take 17 - 28 days ... i need for christmas . could you let me know how long it will actually take to get here in nj ? 
could i get another photo on the other side of justin & amp ; how much will it cost ? 
will justin beiber be on both sides of the pillowcase or just on one side ? 
where do i get the other side of the pillow customized ? 
i just want to be sure that the pillowcase will look have this picture of justin beiber on it , right ? 
will it weigh to an accuracy of 0.01 kg ? 
my scale would n't work with just the 9 volt battery , i had to plug it into the wall which was useless being we needed this to be portable ? 
i just received my scale and it does n't show a weight just shows zero why ? 
does this scale tell how much it cost to send something i am looking for a new scale for office my scale will not download new postage rates 
does this have an option to read in ounces , as 7 pounds 8 oz or just 7.5 lbs ? secondly , is it accurate for weighing first class down to the ounce ? 
do you have to plug in to a power source or will run on a battery ? 
does it come with a power cord ? 
what is the limit on this scale ? 
does this have a usb connection ? 
what is its accuracy ? 
i am confused ; i had understood that the 1800ss model was stainless steel inside & amp ; out but according to ans here that 's not true . what is correct ? . 
stated the exterior of the carafe is stainless steel , but what is the interior material -- glass or metal ? thanks . 
how long does it take to brew a pot of coffee ? 
how tall is it ? i need it to fit under a cabinet and only have 13 inches of space . 
has anyone had the issue where the condensation from the part that holds the coffee filter will drip down the handle of the coffee pot ? 
can you use the porcelain filter cone in the coffee maker instead of the plastic one that comes with the machine ? 
where was this item manufactured ? 
what size mesh is the screen ? i am looking for a 16-opening per inch mesh screen which only removes the bran when shifting whole wheat flour . 
what is the height of this sifter ? 
i am buying this for my 94 year old mother who still bakes . she has arthritis in her hands . do you think this will work for her ? 
is this easy to clean ? 
how many cups of flour you could fit in it at one time ? does it sift the flour finely and also where does the sifted flour goes to ? 
rsvp sifter : i make bran muffins and want to remove the larger pieces from the wheat bran . will this sifter do that ? 
where is the sifter made 
what series stainless steel is it manufactured from ? 
how wide is the sifter ? 
i have a sifter that the screen constantly pops out when i sift making you start all over again . does this one pop out ? 
what is the size 
what size is this mat ? 
what is the size 
what are the measurements of this mat , width , length and thickness ? 
i ca n't figure out how to request specific colors 
is this for 8 tumblers and do we get to select the colors ? 
do these include slid top lids ? 
how fast is the shipping ? 
someone commented in the ratings that it was `` no dry '' , is that true ? 
is the dark color navy or black 
what are the five pieces ? 
is that white in the quilts ? 
do you have curtain to match size 84 length ? 
my daughter would like this quilt in a twin size . is it available ? 
does it make chapathis ? if so how long does it take to cook each chapathi . 
is it g ood to make to make rotis 
what voltage is it ? can it handle 230 volts ? 
can i use the tortilla maker to re-heat corn & amp ; flour tortillas ? 
does this have nonstick surface on the inside ? 
the tortillas now stick on this tortilla maker . what can i do ? 
how much pressure does this apply ? 
does anyone know how hot the plates get ? and do both top and bottom plate get hot ? or only one ? 
this tortilla maker work in usa 
does it work outsie u.s ? we have 220v 
i would like a board of granite in a cobalt blue sized 21 '' x 27 '' .a drawer pull attached at the ends would be handy . i this doable ? 
i am looking for a granite cutting block of sapphire blue . do you have any and how do i get it ? 
i 've been looking into candy making and the book i 'm referring to suggests a 24 '' x 48 '' x 2 '' marble slab . do you have something available in this size ? 
i am in need of ( 2 ) either marble or granite cutting boards , a 23 x 23 and 20 x 23. let me know cost and available colors you have ? 
the size of the board in the product description dos n't match the size in the product details . i need an extra large one , can i get this ? 
size of board 
what material ? 
the pic shows 3 colors . how can i be sure that i get the right color ? i want the brown . 
what is the cover material ? 
i want buy 2 , still carge i shipping for 4.99 ? 
how long does it take to cook it to hard boiled ? 
does it have an automatic shut-off switch ? 
does it shut off when eggs are done ? 
if you use large eggs do you have to increase cooking time ? 
some say to put a hole at the pointy side , some say the round side . also which way should the hole be , up or down im getting different answers 
all my eggs cracked . i did follow instructions . what did i do wrong 
will large eggs fit in it 
does it sleep hot ? 
hi , what are the dimensions in inches for the bed , all- height , width , and how long ? thanks 
what are the dimensions of the mattress ? 
twin size ultimate dreams budget saver firm by dreamfoam bedding how many coils ? its there good edge support . 
does this ship all rolled up and compressed as other mattresses on here seem to do ? or does it come in its normal shape ? 
what are the measurements ? 
do i need a box spring too ? 
how thick is the mattress ( 6 '' ? 8 '' ? ) 
is this bed hot to sleep in ? 
where are the instructions ? ? ? 
what are the dimensions , please ? 
will it hold 1gallon bottles 
could this hold bar-sized beer glasses ? 
how long are the prongs ? 
will it hold wine glasses ? 
i want to keep this outdoors in my garden can this item be displayed outdoors ? 
how does this curtain work ? you run you items from the power outlet to the curtain ? does the item have to already charged and place it in the curtain ? 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
what happens after you use it for a month and the curtain gets all moldy and disgusting ? do you have to use it with a liner , or throw it away ? 
in some reviews it says the zipper broke what is the zipper made of ? what makes the zipper waterproof ? is there a way to stop the zippers from breakin 
what is the power source ? batteries ? 
how does this curtain work ? you run you items from the power outlet to the curtain ? does the item have to already charged and place it in the curtain ? 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
what happens after you use it for a month and the curtain gets all moldy and disgusting ? do you have to use it with a liner , or throw it away ? 
in some reviews it says the zipper broke what is the zipper made of ? what makes the zipper waterproof ? is there a way to stop the zippers from breakin 
what is the power source ? batteries ? 
how does this curtain work ? you run you items from the power outlet to the curtain ? does the item have to already charged and place it in the curtain ? 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
what happens after you use it for a month and the curtain gets all moldy and disgusting ? do you have to use it with a liner , or throw it away ? 
in some reviews it says the zipper broke what is the zipper made of ? what makes the zipper waterproof ? is there a way to stop the zippers from breakin 
what is the power source ? batteries ? 
do regular k cups work in this model ? 
can you use k cups with it ? 
how much is the v1gold solo cup ? 
coffee taste weak 
can you get a replacement brew head for the 500 
water leaks out on counter ? 
does the 500 make more 3 settings for size 
my new one makes a sound that 's sort of a repeating slow click-whir-click-whir while it 's brewing . is that normal ? 
sales person @ bbb said vue-cups were paper and thus recyclable . box information says they 're recyclable where # 5 plastics are allowed . what are they ? 
is the lcd touchscreen illuminated or backlit in any way ? 
does this chair recline halfway too or just all the way back 
is it comfortable enough to sleep in ? 
where is this manufactured ? what country ? i 'm looking for usa made recliners . 
how many pieces does it come in ? 
would i be able to set my laptop lap-board on the arms and use it like a desk , or are the arm rests too high ? thanks . 
what is the height of the `` floor to seat '' when in upright position ? 
how wide is the armrest ? i read a lot and lean elbow on armrest for long periods of time . 
is there a website where i can order this chair in another color ? white perhaps ? 
how much does the chair ( with shipping ) weigh ? 
does the foot rest come all the way up without reclining the back ? 
is the fabric stain resistant ? 
how high is the back of the chair , floor to top of back ? 
how tall ( inches ) are the 4 legs ? 
how wide is the chair ? 
how far does this chair recline . does it recline all the way ? 
my husband is 5'9 . will it fit him to recline comfortably ? 
is the fully reclined length long enough for someone 5'10 '' - 6 ' in height ? in other words , is there enough back and leg support for someone 5'10 '' + to sit comfortably without too much feet or legs hanging off ? thanks ! 
what is the height from floor to top of arm ? 
what are the inside seat dimensions of this chair -- between the arms and front to back ? 
how long did it take from the time you ordered and the time you received this chair ? 
is the interior bag self standing or attached some way ? 
can you sit on this ? 
what kind of wood is this ? is it bamboo ? 
where do i buy a replacement bag ? thanks 
what is the material of the liner ? is it a cotton polyester ? 
is there a way to buy additional extra inside liners ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
this says `` origin : usa '' . does that mean made in the us or shipps from the us . where is this laundry hamper made ( country ) ? thanks ! 
what are the measurements ? 
what color is the wood finish ? i 'm looking got or a dark wood hamper , 
why do n't they come with lids ? 
is it one ounce , 1.4oz , 2oz ? how much does each hold ? 
do they come with lids ? 
these nice shot glasses can be used for more than shots . if only there was a lid . 
are these lead free ? 
are there any lids ? 
where are the shot glasses made : usa , china ? ? 
my brother-in-law who is 32 is asking for shot glasses for christmas . all the reviews say these are `` cute . '' are they too cute for a man ? 
can you find lids for them ? 
what is the circumference of the top ? is it possible to purchase lids that will fit these shot glasses ? 
is it `` microwave safe '' ? 
which part is the freezer tray ? 
what are the dimensions of the box ? 
will the container still be able to be closed securely if i choose not to use the freezer tray ? 
how durable is this ? 
what country are they made in ? 
is it bpa free ? 
is this leak proof ? 
what are the dimensions of the item ? height x width x length ? 
do they make a pink version ? 
what are the container sizes ? 
does this set have a warranty , like other pyrex glass containers ? 
hello . can you tell me if this set is tempered glass ? thanks : ) 
does the pen to write on the lid have to be a dry erase marker or would a sharpie still come off when washed ? 
where are these manufactured ? china ? u.s. ? 
it say 's bpa free but it does not specify as some others do that the lids are bpa free . are the lids bpa free ? 
can you waive shipping on this item if i buy both ? 
when you go to microwave your food at work- which is n't the best solution , i know , but ... - should you remove the lids and cover with paper towels ? 
can you use these under the broiler ? 
can you take it out of the freezer and put it in the oven without it cracking ? 
will it hold 24 12oz bottles ? bottles depicted in photo look smaller . 
hi . i 'm trying to order 2 fastracks to brazil . the price of the products are $ 37.74 , but the shipping cost are $ 145.77 . why its so expensive ? 
how many one liter bottles will fit on each rack . how many racks come with each order ? 
will it hold 750 mil . bottles 
can this tray hold 187 ml champagne type bottles ? 
how many racks are included and how many bottles per rack total ? 
what is peva ? looking for fabric shower curtain . is this fabric ? 
is this curtain clear ? 
is this a fabric shower curtain or plastic ? 
can you cook on high on a stove or should you not go past a medium temperatures . 
do the two pans shown without lids in the picture above fit lids included in the set ? 
is this cookware made in the usa ? 
what are the sizes of the pots and pans in this set ? 
where is this product made ? 
is ceramic better safer than teflon ? 
how offen do i season the set 
are these pans lead free ? thanks ! 
metal utensil safe ? 
can it be use on induction cook top 
size 
size 
is it washable ? 
i would like to know if it is sturdy and will not tip if glasses are placed on one side or is not filled completely . 
does 6 glasses fit well and would it hold different sized wine glasses without leaning on each other . 
do 6 glasses fit well and do n't clink together ? 
just bought this fan and feels like it is binding when i try adjusting airflow up or down . is this normal ? am considering exchanging . 
what is it 's highest cfm and rpm ? it is hard to buy a product based on perception and this appears deceitful ? we would like an answer . thanks . 
does the blower head pivot 360 degrees like the 4900 model ? 
why the difference prices for several of these model of fans that look similiar ? anyone better ? 
i felt the cool air from this fan at sams the other day and now wondering if this would cool the inside of a class a rv and could i save money if i only use this and not my central air ? ? 
how long is the power cord ? 
does anyone know the power consumption on the different settings ? 
is it dual voltage ? 
how do i get this fan to swivel ? i have lost directions . 
is it possible to lock fan outlet in one position so that it does not swivel ? 
when setting the time how can you read it , i set it and reads 30.00 
when the door is opened , does it bring the rack out with it for easier access to what is being cooked toasted ? 
does it have a clock display ? 
outside of this toaster oven is sliver , correct ? do n't want black . 
does this have a non-stick coating inside ? 
there are 3 answers to the length . that is it exactly ? does it need side venting because it gets too hot ? 
what are the dimensions of this oven ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
the overall dimensions 
i need to know the dimensions of this appliance before i can order it . in inches -- the height , width and over-all depth ! 
is there flexibility to fit only half of the racks . my current collection only needs half of the racks . later on i may need more . 
is it water proof ? i want to use it in the patio and do n't want my shoes to get wet , when it rains 
how many shoes does this rack hold ? ( mainly heels ) 
i just received my item but the mirror does not have the pre-drilled holes to place the braces in for attachment ? has anyone had this problem ? 
does the stool have the white off white material ? or is it ramdom colors with each order ? 
does the bench fit under the desk ? 
i purchased one of these vanitys but it did not come with instructions how do u install the mirror 
how deep are the drawers ? can i fit a flat iron in it plus make up ? are the drawers shallow or deep ? 
is it made of complete solid wood or is there some particle wood in the construction ? 
i know that dimensions are 43 x 19 x 30 inches.which one is height , which one is length ? ( 43 or 30 ) .thank you . 
what is the height , width , depth of vanity and stool ? 
did anyone order this and have the headboard missing ? 
im slightly confused on this does this come with the mattress , and if not would this bed frame be suitable for a 10 '' lucid memory foam mattress ? 
will this bed hold approx . 18 '' of mattress and boxspring and still have enough headboard to use ? 
i like the looks of this bed i do n't like the idea of the wooden slats , can you use a platform metal bed frame foundation instead ? will that fit ? 
how difficult is assembly ? 
i have a 10 inch memory foam mattress . description does n't tell height from the floor to the slats that would support the mattress . anyone ? 
can this be used with a box spring ? are the wooden slats adequately sturdy ? 
does the dark espresso look like black or can you see some brown ? 
would the headboard be comfortable & amp ; look nice with 8 '' memory foam mattress without a box spring ? will there be a gap while resting back on headboard 
how many boxes does this come in , im missing alot of parts 
i see a box spring is not required , but can a box spring be used ? 
what is the height of the headboard from the floor to top of headboard ? shows 39.5 '' , is this the size from the side rails ? 
will a standard queen size memory foam mattress fit ? the dimensions state the bed as 80.5 x 57.2 , and a standard queen mattress is about 80 x 60 
i am considering getting risers . what are the dimensions of the legs ? 
how high is the bed from floor to top of frame ? not headboard but where the mattress would lay ? 
what is the ground clearance ? are the legs removable or are they part of the frame ? 
does this come in 2 packages ? i ordered this bed but only received the slats and headboard . 
is this for a queen ? i do n't see the bed size anywhere . thx 
does this come with the mattress ? 
can this frame be used with a full xl mattress ? 
in the event i want to put a cover on this futon , what size cover does this futon require ( e.g . 10 inch , 8 inch etc . ) ? 
i need to know the model number 
how high is the seat from the floor ? i have arthritist in my hip and ca n't get out of seats that are too low . 
does it have a cover ? how to clean it ? 
can anyone tell me how many inches wide this is ? ? ? and also ... how comfortable compared to other average futon alternatives ? thank you ! 
i am 6ft 2inch . would this one fit ? 
could you please tell me the width of the center drawer , how many inches wide is it ? thank you . 
is this vanity for a grown up or child ? ? ? 
does this item have lights 
does this item have lights 
does this vanity have lights 
i have read on this site and another that there arent any holes to screw the mirror on so i wouls have to drill holes with a drill..is this true ? 
is the top a lamenated and or veneer finish to prevent stains ? 
what is the height of the mirror 
is this for children or for adults ? will someone who is 5'6 be able to sit and use this comfortably ? 
how tall is the vanity . is it 30 inches tall and 43 inches long and 19 inches wide ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can they be used on either gas or electric stoves 
is this for a 15 piece set ? the title and the description is very misleading . 
can this cookware be used on induction cooptops ? 
does paula deen cookware have open close vents 
all 15 pieces are 118 bucks ? just making sure im not paying for just a few pieces 
how can a system owner obtain on site warranty help if it is ever needed ? 
is the installation kid a pre-charged quick connect kit to avoid vacuuming the system ? 
is this unit ahri certified ? 
cost of operation 
i lost the installation instructions , how do i get ahold of another set ? 
how many air handlers for multi-zone placement holds this unit ? 
what are the dimensions of the wall mounted air handler ? 
when installing , do the lines need to be purged with a vacuum pump or is it just hook up the lines , open the valves and you are good to go ? 
i am going to need more the 16 ' of line set do you sell that extra copper lines and power lines ? and if so how much is it ? 
does anyone have any feedback on how this works as a heater , how well does it heat at lower exterior temperatures , etc . ? 
good reviews.how do you actually use the pierogi maker ? 
can someone please provide measurements for the dumpling maker ? how big are the pocket holes ? can it be used for ukranian pel'meni ? thanks ! 
is there a press ( usually plastic ) to push the dough into the forms ? this to create the wells or hollows that you would put the filling in ? 
is the dumpling maker made of aluminum or plastic ? 
is the pierogi maker made of plastic or aluminum ? 
is this a 1 pack or a 6 pack ? ? good price for 6. insanely horrible price for just 1 . $ 3 each at bed bath & amp ; beyond 
do these work with the natural flavors or only the `` regular diet '' flavors ? 
is this intended to be a six pack of pumps or is it just wildly misrepresented ? description says six , purchasing customers say only one comes . 
i have used my syrup pumps for around 6 months , they are all leaking when i use them , even when holding the bottle straight up and down . suggestions ? 
that item fit 500ml syrups or 750ml syrups ? 
why do you advertise this as a six pack when all the reviews say you only ship one ? one pump only costs $ 2.99 at bb & amp ; b not your expensive price 
do i cook the egg and bread separately ? 
i wan to make my sandwiches with a pork pattie do i h.ave to cook the pork first ? 
difference between 25475a and 25475 
can you use a commercial egg white mixture such as egg beaters in place of a whole egg 
has anyone tried using a biscuit instead of an english muffin ? we do biscuits in my house lol . 
does it take a lot of electricity to run ? 
do you toast the english muffin before putting it in the breakfast sandwich maker 
will it cook liquid eggs as well as a reg one ? 
just to clarify , if i wanted sausage ( which is what my kids prefer ) , i would have to pre-cook my sausage patties and have them thawed in the refrigerator to make the sandwich ? 
where is this made ? 
my white rice leaves a starchy sticky mess all over the top and inside my microwave . i use 1 cup reg . white rice and 2 cups water for 12 minutes . the rice is cooked fine but what a gooey mess to clean up . i rinse the rice before putting it in the ... 
is it bpa free ? 
does it come with any recipes , like beef stew or pea soup ? 
bpa free ? ? ? ? 
what about different varieties of rice ? brown , black , red , long grain and wild . 
can you cook more than just rice in this ? 
1. what is the quart size of this 2. does this come with a cook book ? 
can you also steam vegetables in this ? 
can one cook pasta in this ? tia 
can we cook lentils using this ? 
what tone of red ? chili pepper red ? 
how tall is the seat from the floor ? 
is this chair available in different colors ? 
do the chairs have a max weight recommendation ? wondering how they would accommodate family in the 240 # range . 
does it emit ozone 
does the power supply ranges from 110v to 240v ? 
once the item is purchased does it come with any warranty ? if so , how long is the warranty ? and does that warranty beings from the date of the purchas ? 
how is the air flow ? i am looking for a purifier that can sort of double as a fan ... will this work ? 
i purchased this unit , and i would like to know if it is a plug and use item , or if additional items ( filters ) need to be purchased . 
what area does this air purifier cover -- a house , a room , or what ? 
how long will they air in the room stay clean once the purifier is turned off ? thank you 
does the air filter through the front and out the top ? i 'm wondering how far from a wall it would need to be positioned . thanks ! 
how often do you have to place the filters ? 
how noisy is the machine ? 
what kind of assembly is required ? other chairs like this sold on amazon do not require assembly at all . 
what is the height from the floor to the seat ? 
are these aluminum or metal ? i ask bc i want to know if they are suitable for outdoor ? aluminum corrodes which i do n't mind but steel & amp ; metal rust wan 
does this item attract mold grime ? is it painful to clean ? 
how does the drainage system work ? is it open so this product must be placed on sink near to sink ? or is it removable so we pour the water manually ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is the wine glass rack removable ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many dishes can it hold ? 
i had a simplehuman dish drainer where the plastic that holds the spout breaks . does this spout housing look more sturdy where it wo n't break off ? 
does the bottom drain come off ? i would like to put it into my farmhouse sink and just let it drain into that 
question for those of you who have used this item for at least 6 months . any signs of rust yet ? 
are the 4 rubber pieces to place on the legs ? 
what is the size of the poster and if it 's signed or unsigned . thx 
dimensions ? 
how big is it ? 
does it work with induction cooktops ? ( does a magnet stick to the bottom ? ) 
if i got 2 of these , would they stack together ? without lids on , of course . 
has anyone tried to use this as a distiller ? 
how tall high is it ? 
has anyone experience the pot turning turning into black patches all over inside when boiling water on it ? 
anyone use this on flattop electric stoves ? how did it do ? 
what are the measurements ? how tall is it and what is the diameter . i need 13 1 2 '' d and at least 20 '' tall . 
will this pot work with a induction stovetop ? 
does this pot have any exposed rivets or screw heads ( where two handles are attached ) on the inside of the pot ? 
is the bottom of the pot flat or does it have a ridge ? if there is a ridge , how big is the ridge ? 
are these sheet cotton or polyester.. i need sheets for my grandson that are 100 percent cotton since he sweats so much.. 
is the twin sheet 100 % cotton ? 
what does it mean by training twin sheets ? 
is it 100 % cotton ? 
the picture shows a stout glass but the description says it is an ipa glass . if i order , which glass would i get ? 
do these have laser etching inside the glass on the bottom ? 
can they put in refrigerator 
why are these so expensive ? 
are these glasses nucleated ? 
lead-free ? 
can you freeze the glass ? 
how tall are these cups 
are these mugs really 20 oz ? this may seem silly but i 've found 20oz to be the perfect coffee size . 
are these made in the usa , and if not do they have a lead and cadmium-free glaze ? 
is this bone china ? 
how many cups are there ? is it only 1 in set ? 
do you know what kind of paint is used ? 
is this just one cup and one dish and one spoon , or is their more ? 
how many ounce of tea fit in the cup 
is there any led in it 
are these dishwasher microwave safe ? 
will this work with kindle fire ? 
will this work on my nokia 928 windows 8 phone ? 
does this work with samsung galaxy tab 2 ( 7 inch ) ? 
i have nokia lumia 521 & amp ; bluetooth on windows 8. having trouble with a bluetooth ear headset i have . will kb pair up it ? 
how thick is this mat ? and do the wrinkles pan out after use ? 
exactly what chemicals materials are these sheets made of and from what country are they originated ? 
is this only one sheet or a multi-pack ? 
how about buying two of these , cutting holes and shaping them to use as a drip splatter guard on my gas stove . what do you think ? 
would this quilt fit a cal king ? 
what are measurements on the king size ? reviews say king fits queen size matress , is this true ? 
is this quilt reversable ? ? ? 
what color is the back ? 
what are the dimensions of this quilt 
what are the dimensions of the quilt ? 
is the whole quilt 100 % cotton ? 
is it 100 % cotton ? 
i just got this quilt and the fabric is very stiff . did anyone else have that problem ? does it soften up after washing ? 
does the molly dusty pink set come in full size ? 
i love it except for one thing . it feels very stiff . did anyone else have this problem ? does it get softer with washing ? thank you ! 
would this quilt fit a twin bed ? would it drag on the floor or just reach to the floor ? 
is it pieced or is the material printed then quilted all over 
is this quilt 100 % cotton ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what is the maximum weight that the chair is intended to support with the included cylinder ? 
what is the chair made of . is it mostly plastic ? does it feel solid and stable 
how wide ( exactly ) is the seat of the chair ? i need the front edge of the seat to fit ( with arms up ) in a space 20 '' wide . it could be jammed in . 
what is the highest point that the seat can go up ? 
does the back recline and adjustable ? arm rests height adjustable ? i am 5 ' 6 '' 130 pounds , is this big chair for someone my size ? 
how far back is the maximum recline of this chair , and is there a way to lock the recline position ? 
i am looking for a chair that would be comfortable sitting in for 8+ hours a day . do you think this chair would be good enough and support my back ? 
how high is the chair back from the seat to the maximum top of the headrest ? 
hi . to any owners or to the seller - please tell me if the headrest is adjustable . please tell me how tall you are and if the chair ( esp . the headrest ) works for you . thanks in advance ! 
what is the maxijum height ? 
what exactly makes this shower curtain 'mould proof ' ? what exactly is it treated with , if anything ? thank-you ! 
what color is it ? white with black tree ? 
how sheer is this ? 
is the curtain see through and is is mold resistant 
is is really mold proof ? 
what color is the tree ? 
is the shower curtain material heavy ? 
what is the measure in inches ? 
are the branches totally black or do they have some gray ? 
do i need to use a liner with this ? 
the demo and review videos on youtube for the bsb530xl show a `` quad '' s-blade for chopping , but this photo looks like a standand s-blade ? 
does the breville all in one processing station come with a base for all the items to be stored on ? 
does this unit also have a dough hook ? can i mix bread dough in it ? 
does it handle pie dough ? 
what is the warranty period for the all in one processing station ? 
i have the control grip immersion blender from breville . does anyone know if the masher from the all in one will fit my immersion blender ? ? 
would this handy processor make `` pasta '' from veggies . i 'm thinking if i can shred veggies to look like spaghetti noodles the kids will eat it . 
does it work on a us plug , i believe i read somewhere it was a uk plug and needs a converter for use within the us 
will the potato masher make smooth mashed potatoes ? 
what is the watts on this hand blender 
does the length prevent it from being used in a mug ? the length seems longer than the width of an ordinary mug . 
do you feel this could be used with fruit for infusing water as well ? not large chunks ( ie citrus ) but maybe small berries ? 
can i use it with a glass bottle ? 
does it make the tea taste like the plastic or anything funky ? 
have any of you ever tried it in a tea pot ? i have a small-ish tea pot ( it holds probably 2-4 cups of tea ) and i 'm looking for an infuser . 
is it a toy 
what size motor 
does this appliance knead 
does this item come with the attachments ? 
i have a bread recipe that calls for 5 1 2 to 6 cups flour . will this size mixer do that or do i need 5 qt size ? 
i have a bread recipe that calls for 5 1 2 to 6 cups flour . will this size mixer do that or do i need 5 qt size ? 
does anyone know what is the actual weight of the blender ? on the one hand appears amazon 15 pounds and another 30 pounds . anyone tell me your real weight ? 
how well does this unit work with the grinder and sausage stuffer attachments ? 
can i use it to make fruit cake without crushing cherries ? 
is this new and is it covered by a warranty . my husband bought be a rebuilt one that i did not like . 
this product is for venezuela ? 
hello . is the $ 95.07 price the total price for all 4 chairs ? or are each of the chairs individually $ 95.07 ? 
how long does it usually take to contact your suppliers about re-stocking ... i do n't want to end up waiting a month then told you ca n't even get them ? 
are these chairs tolix 1934 chairs ? i only want tolix brand . 
hello i need 6 chair , how much is this ? i need to know the size of the shipping box and how many chairs go inside . thanks ! ! 
hello . is it possible to order 6 chairs ? 
what is the seat height from the ground ? 
i 'd like to order 5 chairs . is that possible ? what would the price per chair be ? 
was about to order but ... after reading the info below ... sounds like a bate and switch ! if this is legit ... how would i know for sure ? 
is the price correct on this `` 4 chairs for $ 119 '' ? 
are these chair comercial rated ? 
if i pour the water out before it boils , will the level switch off automatically or will it continue to boil after i put back the empty pot ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
where was this made ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff ? . 
on the 1.5l kettle , can you get your hand in to clean out pot ? 
is the element exposed on the inside 
has anyone had the bad contact ( disconnect ) problem between the base and the kettle ? my aroma kettle stopped working due to oxidization on the metals . 
where is the kettle manufactured ? 
is it ul approved ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
has anyone had issues with the automatic turn off switch not working after a month or two of use ? 
when you turn it on , does a light come on indicating that it 's heating ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff ? . 
on the 1.5l kettle , can you get your hand in to clean out pot ? 
is the element exposed on the inside 
has anyone had the bad contact ( disconnect ) problem between the base and the kettle ? my aroma kettle stopped working due to oxidization on the metals . 
where is the kettle manufactured ? 
is it ul approved ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
has anyone had issues with the automatic turn off switch not working after a month or two of use ? 
when you turn it on , does a light come on indicating that it 's heating ? 
does this have rubber wheels and is it good for hardwood floors ? 
will this work hardwood floors and carpets ? 
can the crevice nozzle be stored on this unit ? i do n't see anything in the instruction manual about that . 
is it wall mountable ? 
is the battery replaceable ? and , is there a crevice tool attachment to fit in the end of the hand vac to get into tight places ? thank you for your time 
is it ok if this vacuum is left on the charger most of the time ? 
does this model work well on high pile or shaggy rugs ? 
is it a lithiom ion battery and what voltage 
were is charging adaptor 
does this vacuum have crevice and brush tools . 
the screen seems really bright in pictures . so bright that you ca n't read the scale very well is that really how it looks ? and does it weigh in fl : oz ? 
what 's the maximum weight this scale measures ? 
does this scale come with a warranty ? 
i saw several complaints in the reviews about this unit shutting off too quickly . how long before the auto shut-off kicks in ? 
does this need to be calibrated ? 
not including the display screen , how large is the area where you actually weigh an item ? 
what are the physical dimensions of the scale ? 
could this be used for weighting gear for ultra lightweight backpacking ? 
what is the smallest weight this scale will measure in oz ? i need to measure objects less than an oz , will this scale do this accurately ? 
does the mira scale read out in decimal ounces like 0.25 or 0.50 , or fractional like 1 4 or 1 2 ? 
how wide is this product ? 
does this sorter have a supporting shelf ? 
can you iron on the folding table ? 
you do n't have the inches of length width and height on the description can you put that in ? 
we have a large family and i am looking to organize the 16+ loads week of laundry i do . how many large bath towels would one bag hold ? pairs of jeans ? 
does the folding shelf on top come with a cover ? can you buy additional bags separately ? 
what is the clearance from the floor to the shelf on the bottom ? 
are the bags easily removable ? 
can the item be folder when it needs to be stored ? 
do the wheels lock ? if not , does it move easily when trying to fold ? 
how many types of pasta can you make with this machine ? 
where is this machine made ? 
how wide are the flat sheets ? can you use a norpro ravioli maker with press to make ravioli ? 
does this make 1 8 inch wide strips ? 
what are the widths of this maker ? does it make 1 8 inch pasta cuts ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
does it come in a box 
is it 150 or 180mm ? will it roll fondant or pasta only 
can you make tagliatelle , papardelle or other egg dough with this machine ? 
is this 18 10 stainless ? 
is this set 18 10 ? 
are the knives hollow ? 
where is this flatware made ? 
is it lightweight suitable for summer ? 
is this coverlet the type of bedding that no top sheet is used ? 
can it be tumble-dried ? 
if i buy simple cup filters , do i need to buy anything else such as plastic caps , or cups ? 
what grind and how much coffee did you use ? i have a reusable pod . i 've had the silt problem , the overflow problem , and the weak coffee flavor issue . 
does it work with solofill ? 
how many ounces do the filters hold ? 
does the b31 brewer have a water filter in it ? 
if i buy simple cup filters , do i need to buy anything else such as plastic caps , or cups ? 
where is this product made ? 
these filters can be used with your reusable k-cup ( simple cups has one ) , or in their disposable , or to reuse your used k-cups with additional lids 
can i use this with my reusable keurig filter ? 
when i purchased the 300 pack in april , they were $ 16.95 . the same package is now $ 59.95 , a $ 43 price hike . why are they so expensive now ? 
can this be used in keurig 's k cup ? and does it fit good in the mesh filler basket ? 
can i use these in my reuseable kcup to make espresso 
are they one cup coffee filters 
are you able to compost these filters ? 
do these filters help to keep the water from leaking out of the sides of any refillable k cup ? 
where are these filters manufactured in ? 
do they work well in the brew & amp ; save refillable k-cup ? 
can these filters be used with the k145 model ? 
do your paper kcup filters work in eco-fill 2.0 reusable k-cup from perfect pod 
will they fit majic bullet modle # mb1001 
is the blade and inner plate is stainless steel ? ? 
i have model nb-101s . will they fit ? 
does the blades come with the black base and the bottom rubber grip ? 
will i receive just the blades and the entire black base which enables it to rotate ? 
is it the complete assembly ? 
will these replacement blades fit the bella cucina rocket blender ? 
the shipping cost is a lie . please answer why . your add states 4 dollars charged for shipping but 11 is charged . maybe you need to look at it . 
will this fit nutrisystem nutriblender ? 
is the backrest adjustable ? 
how will take to ship and get to 07652 ? 
what is the price of the coffee table ? 
how much is the table ? i want that too . how long will it take to ship and get to 75150 ? 
is this genuine leather ; if so , what grade is it ? also , what kind of warranty , if any , comes with the couch ? 
how comfortable is this couch cushions ? do you easily slide down ? is your head able to rest when sitting back on it ? 
what are the measurements of this couch ? 
can this sectional sofa come apart 
i was wondering if this couch is going to become available again soon and what is the price of this couch ? thanks 
is it compatible whith mb 1001 
nutibullet is diferent to magic bullet 
will this product fit the mini magic bullet ? 
that no is my queston , are diferent , because nutribulet the blade are more big tha magic bulet let mi know if you have the blade to nutribullet 
what is the diameter across , please ? 
will this blade fit on a farberware blender ? 
will this fit the bella 13586 rocket blender ? it looks similar but i need confirmation . 
does this work with the rocket blender ? 
will this work on my nuwave twister ? 
i have the orginal magic bullet model pp 101 i need the cross blade it is approx 4 '' round the newer one is smaller which one do you have ? 
does anyone use this on cat litter that spills onto the carpet , and if so , how does it do with this ? 
does this vac work as well as the old one like this , but is just used for dry material ? i would think there would be a few of them left over . 
is there an attachment accessory kit that works with this vacuum ? would like to add a hose and some different nozzles . 
does this have the long crevice tool attachment or extending nozzle ? if so , how long ? 
does the charger have contacts that the unit sits on or does the charger need to be plugged into the vacuum ? 
does the battery hold charge for like 15-30 mins and how much time this needs to be on charge ? 
anyone have trouble re-assembling this after cleaning ? i can not get it to click back together . 
do you remove the foam filter when you pick up water ? 
is it good for kitchen home use or should i go for the 9.6 v hand vac ? i do n't intend to use it for wet stuff , but i 'm tempted by the 14.4 v suction . 
how does it store away ? 
does 50 feet mean the combined total ( 25 feet each roll ) or is each roll 50 feet ? 
are they compatible with all sealers ? 
what does it mean by `` reusable '' ? you mean you defrost your food , rinse out the bag and use it again ? 
is this product textured like food savers or are they thin , clear plastic ? 
food saver brand bags are 4 mil while these are 3 mil . please comment on difference in quality or experience . 
recent reviews claim that the rolls received were only 16 feet per roll despite your claim that they have 50 feet per roll . pls comment confirm length 
what do you mean , a clamp style vacuum sealer ? i have a foodsaver 3250 
do you have to seal both ends when it comes on large roll 
what are the dimensions ? the last i ordered , the wraped meat would not fit 
i 'm considering a vacuum that does n't have a built-in cutter . how would you all recommend i cut this roll ? 
how high is the back of chair from the ground up ? 
is chairs a set of 2 
how sturdily built are these chairs ? my husband is a big man . can it hold 250 lbs ? what is the weight limit ? 
what color are the legs , brown wood ? 
what color is this chair one lady refers to it as brown , it looks like beige to me ? ? ? 
is it need assembled ? how difficult ? 
are these packed well ? i recently purchased chairs from amazon i received them damage due to poor packaging . 
what color is the seat ? 
the color of the chair says , '' brown '' however , in the picture , the chair looks tan . can you clarify which color it is ? 
is the fabric microfiber-love the color 
would this on work on the k-60 ? 
not working on b30 . tried 2 coffees , water spirts out around insert and cup has lots of grinds 
will this work on my mini k10 kuerig ? 
usable on a bkc700xl ? 
do these have the gaskets under the lids ? 
what grind of coffee should i use ? auto drip , espresso , regular , ect . 
will it fit mr coffee bvmc-kg6bl 
can a k-cup also be used in this replacement ? 
does this fit the k10 mini ? 
can you use the paper filters sold on amazon inside the mesh filter ? 
can i use just one at a time or do i have to use both tiers ? 
will the valve come off easily while in use 
is this glass or plastic ? 
is this 3 different juice compartments or just 2 ? 
if i purchase this item today and have it mailed to a us address , will it be able to arrive by this thu absolute latest friday ? 
what 's the third tier for ? 
if i buy two can stack 3 together ? 
is it dishwasher safe and bpa free ! 
what is the liquid capacity of each tier ? 
is this 18 10 or 18 0 stainless steel ? 
hello . what type of dish detergent should be used ? any type or specific brand recommended ? 
can you tell me exact size of the case package ? 
is this set dishwasher safe ? 
can you tell me for sure if this silverware with the 24k gold plated accents is dishwasher safe ? 
please what is stamped on the back of the pieces ? also where it is made ? 
can the knives really cut through food ? 
how much does the set weight ? 
please what is stamped on the back of the pieces ? also where it is made ? 
are the sizes of spoons and forks like usual american sizes ? 
do they get rusty ? i 'm trying to replace a set that get rust spots when i wash them in the dishwasher . thank you ! 
where is this product made ? others from international silver are made in china . 
i 've read some mixed reviews on the weight of this flatware . are the utensils solid ( not hollow ) ? 
i see that some customers complain about some rust on the knifes , is it on the dinner or the steak knifes , thank you . 
is this an american made product ? 
i never got rust on any stainless steel utensils until last year after getting a new dishwasher . is this by chance what everyone else is finding ? 
was wondering with this flat ware does it bend easy ? 
is the silverware heavy and thick ? need something that could stand up to digging ice cream out of a carton without bending . 
we have silverware that falls off plates and out of bowls because the handles are too heavy . what about these ? 
what part is brushed and which shiny ? 
does this come with sausage stuffers , or will the kitchenaid sausage tubes fit ? 
can this grind up chicken bones ( for catfood ) ? 
what is the difference between the two chef 's pro grinders . one is about 50.00 dollars more . i do know the more expensive model has a fine blade , which is excludes from the less expensive model . any other differences ? i also noticed the warranty on the ... 
is the 7965001 supposed to come with 2 grinding plates ? the description says yes but i only found one in the box . 
has anyone purchased this product for the professional 6 ? if so , any problems ? does it work ? 
is the plunger bpa free ? 
will this grinder work with a kitchenaid pro 550 
do you need to purchase an attachment screw or does one come with the chef 's choice attachment ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
does it work with the artisan mixer ? 
does the humidifier have to be higher than the hose drain ? 
what is the warranty on this product ? 
can anyone tell me the actual capacity of the bucket ? 
does model adr70a2g dehumidifier run in low temperatures as low as 41 degrees ? 
does it have separate water container ? 
i have a hose connected for continuous drain but the water tank keeps filling up and ive had to empty it a few times . why is this happening ? 
what is the warranty and how many watts does it consume ? 
does it have continuous drain 
does this unit shut off when the desired humidity level is reached ? does the fan run continously ? 
is this unit under recall ? thank you . 
how do i replace my lost owner 's manual for this dehumidifier ? 
has hose for emptying collected water but does it have a container to collect w out hooking up hose to outside ? 
what is the lowest temp it goes down to ? 
how does one get the continuous drain to work ? there is no switch . plus i noticed it has no automatic shutoff this seems like a safety issue . 
9.9 ; 13.4 ; 21.4 : is this w x d x h ? is it eash to empty water ? what 's warranty ? do i need to add this r410a refrigerant or it just has it ? 
does it have an automatic shut-off for when the bucket fills up , assuming it has a bucket ? also , does it have the 2 year factory warranty ? thanks , mik 
can a hose be connected to it so you do n't have to empty the bin all the time ? 
does it auto shut off when full ? 
will this work for a basement with 2 bedrooms and living and kitchen area ( approx . 1,000 sq ft ) ? 
does the fan run constantly when on or only when humidity is high ? 
wattage used 
is this product energy star ? 
does this product have a glass bowl or plastic ? 
looks small in picture is this a plug in and the size of a air fresher or counter top size ? 
how big is this ? 
i think i ruined my previous machine by a different manufacturer by adding too many drops of essential oil . how many drops should i add ? 
is the center spindle supposed to vibrate or just spin ? mine makes a lot of vibration noise so not sure if it is broken or if it 's just a bit loud . 
how good is it at actually humidifying the air ? 
does it have a light ? 
is it 220 volt or 110 ? 
does it need filters ? 
is there any plastic on the inside ? 
does the lid come off or is attached by a hinge ? 
it came with a filter , i couldnt figure out how or to put the filter in . no instruction . plus it said it will automaticlly will shut off when water bo 
does this kettle have a concealed heating element ? the description does not say . 
does plastic come into contact with the water at all ? 
how deep are the sides of the pad ? 
will this fit a full size posterpedic mattress ? is it firm or soft ? 
is this thick enough for a futon to add some extra comfort and fill in the gap so you wo n't feel the divider when folded down flat ? 
how well would this work over a 6 gauge vinyl zippered mattress cover ? will it cover the 'plasticy ' feel ? 
will this correctly fit thinner mattresses without bunching up or wrinkling ? mine is 7 to 8 inches thick . 
will this work as a mattress cushion ? or is it just a cover type thing ? 
will this fit on a 8 inch thick mattress ? 
what is the top cover fabic made of ? is it 100 % cotton ? 
does it come with the skirt ? 
i have a queen size air mattress by intex , my full size bed spread fits it , just woundered if this might fit it also ? it is 55x75 in . 
is the skirt separate ? does it have all around elastic and how well does it stay on ? i have a thin mattress special made , that everything keeps popping off it . will this product work on thinner mattresses ? 
is this mattress pad hot ? i need a cool , cotton product . 
will this fit over a 10 '' memory foam mattress and stay put ? i do n't need it to fit 15 '' mattress . 
how long is the `` skirt '' ? is it split at the corners ? thanks ! 
how thick is this mattress pad ? 
does this product contain flame retardent chemicals ? 
is this a mattress cover , not a pad , or topper , i want something that fits around my mattress like a fitted sheet 
does this pad wash well and keep it 's shape . 
my mattress is about 11.5 inches high . the description says this will stretch `` up to 18 inches '' , but is this too large for an 11-inch high mattress ? 
does it have any layer to protect from an accident ? 
is this hot to sleep on ? i have a feather bed and i just need something in between my sheet and the feather bed . we 've been getting very hot at night . 
where is this product made ? 
does it add comfort to a hard mattress 
can it be used with heated mattress cover ? 
when you open the package does the mattress pad have a chemical smell ? 
matress pad or mattress topper what the different 
do these mugs have the golden harvest logo on them ? 
what is the material of the jars ? 
are they standard opening size ? 
are the handles solid or hollow ? 
can yhey be used for hot coffee and hot tea ? 
will a standard regular size canning lid fit on this glass ? i am not using it for canning but making drinking glasses out of them . tia 
hi i wonder if you have 300 of this item and if you can ship to mexico and how much is it i really intereested and need urgently 
there a problem with other mugs , the liquids get caught inside of the handles . does this happen with thi mug ? 
what 's written on it ? 
are there any logo 's on this jar ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
how many ounces are in each cube ? or how many ounces does the bag hold as a whole ? 
are these bags reusable or can they only be frozen 1 time , then useless ? could they be used for camping and just keep refilling them ? thanks ! 
what are the sizes of these containers inches or ounces . thanks 
i want to protect my granite countertop . what is the bottom like on each of these containers ? glass ? metal ? plastic ? rubber ? . tia . 
are the lids twist on and off for airtight ? 
can these canisters be `` stacked '' ? 
what is the largest diameter that will fit through the glass mouth ? 
does this canister set come in red 
does anyone know if these are air tight ? what type of seal is used ? thanks ! 
will the tall one store spaghetti or is it too short ? 
is the see through part plastic or glass ? is there like a little bag you put in it ? 
how much each cylinder holds in cups ? 
does the glass part of the container slide out to be washed in the dishwasher ? or are they `` one piece '' ? 
is the red metallic ? 
is it difficult to scoop out of these containers without making a mess because they are so narrow ? 
does anyone know if a 5lb ( or 4lb ... whatever it is these days ! ) bag of flour will fit in the largest one ? thanks ! 
what are the heights for each one of these canisters ? ? ? 
i want to buy this ones , could you stuff with airbag to around and stick fragile noticed out of box this items when shipping to my adress ? 
does it have a metal spigot ? i would like to buy one with a quality plastic spigot for brewingkombucha 
the lid is glass , but is the jar also glass ? 
what is the spigot made of ? metal or plastic ? i need plastic for kombucha making 
if i wanted to buy a metal spigot to replace the plastic one , is it possible to do so ? is the spigot a standard size ? 
is this pretty airtight ? say , for storing iced coffee in refrigerator ? 
what kind of plastic is the spigot made of ? i am looking for the specific number of the type of plastic . 
what is the spigot made of plastic or stainless steel ? bpa free ? does it say if glass is lead-free ? 
what is the diameter of this beverage dispenser ? 
what is the height of the jar without the lid ? 
what is the difference between the elite and the standard models ? 
i have several storage bins . what is the actual clearance under the bed . is it a full 14 '' ? ( my tubs are 13 3 4 `` tall . will they fit ? ) 
will this fit inside a complete wooden bed frame with headboard , footboard and side rails ? i would love to have this inside the wooden frame . 
can this be used with a tempurpedic mattress ? 
can i attach a headboard and footboard 
i am looking for a platform to use an air mattress on . does this have spurs that may cut the air mattress . 
do i need extra hardware to attach a headboard to the frame ? 
has anyone had physical activity on the frame , not just sleeping ? 
does capser mattress work on this frame ? 
are the gaps in the bars small enough for a memory foam mattress , or should i add in some slats ? 
does this frame have a lip that keeps the mattress from slipping off or shifting a lot ? 
do you have to replace the existing frame ? i have an antiquie full size brass bed . will it be compatible ? 
the amount of storage space is said to be 14 inches off of the floor - i 'm looking at the full . is the measurement of 14 inches accurate ? thx 
does the full version of this item come as one piece or 2 pieces ? 
please confirm that sleep master `` elite '' is as pictured with wider support bars & amp ; dimensions are not 53x15x14 as stated in description ? thank you . 
does this have bolt holes to attach both footboard and headboard brackets ? 
for those that have had this frame for a while , what is the experience with the frame squeaking ? 
would this work for a full xl mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of the full size ? 
does this bed squeak ? 
what 's the real max weight ? because unless you plan on parking a car truck on it i find it very hard to believe it 's 4400 pounds . 
how well does this work on it 's own ? i.e . this and a mattress on top , no wooden frame as shown in some of the pictures . 
does the frame accomodate a headboard ( are brackets included for connecting headboard ) ? 
will this fit in one of those pretty wood daybeds ? ( instead of using the wood slats ) 
is there a way to connect two twin size frames ? 
does this bed frame slide in any way ? is the feet of the frame 100 % rubber i tend to toss and turn alot 
what 's the weight limit for the twin ? 
can the legs be adjusted on the bed frame ? ... thank you 
if i use a foam mattress how thick does it need to be ? ( no box spring . ) 
is it easy to clean these replacement filters ? 
are these compatible with berkey 's pf-2 fluoride filters ? 
how long dose these filters last before buying new ones ? 
do the filters come with the wing nuts and rubber gasket to install 
what is the difference between these filters and the black ones that came with the berkey ? does the water touch any plastic in this filter ? 
do these filter out any heavy metals ? 
will these fit the american big berkey correctly ? 
will this fit a samsung refridgerator ? i have the relevant filters foro this fridge but am not confident that they are sufficient for our tap water 
is a wing nut and rubber orings or washers included ? 
these filters are not allowing any water to flow through even though i have followed the activation instructions . nothing is flowing through at all . 
is the interior smooth ? that is what i want and need -- no ridges *crosses fingers* 
i am looking for a stainless steel mortar and pestle to crush my pills . i wa n't a small one . is this one small ? if not , know one that is ? 
is it 304 or 18 8 stainless ? in the past i have purchased some `` stainless '' products that were of an inferior material that became rusty in short order . 
what are the dimensions of the interior and pestle please ? 
is this large enough to crush a avocado to make guacamole ? 
would this grind grains and nuts ? 
is the label on the pestle removable ? 
where is it made ? 
hi , thanks for your review . can you tell me if the exterior of the unit gets hot so you 'd want it set on tile surface not close to wall , etc ? thanks ! 
size and cubic ft. ? 
can someone tell me the exact exterior dimensions ? are the dimensions listed in the description accurate ? thanks in advance , amazonians ! ! ! 
does this oven cook premade junk food ( like breaded and battered ) up nice and crispy ? like the ones they use at costco when they demo products ? 
does it have a broil option , or just bake ? does it have timer ? thanks . 
does it have an interior light ? 
how well insulated is this oven ? does the back or sides or top get hot at all ? is the front glass double-pane ? 
does this oven broil ? 
please what is the largest pizza this will hold ? 
what size of baking tray will fit in the oven ? 
question for home decorators : almost half of the reviews report significant damage to the console upon arrival . has the packaging been improved ? 
the review made it sound like it had alot of paint but the picture does n't look like it would . how true is the color to the picture ? 
what type of delivery -- at the door or in the door ? 
does the cabinet come with pre-drilled holes ? for cords coming out of the back . 
what are the dimensions of the inside shelves ? we are especially concerned with width . 
are the shelves adjustable ? if not , what is the measurement between the shelves inside the doors ? 
what is the width of the stand leg to leg not including the overhang of top of cabinet 
sorry if i asked this once but what is the largest tv this stand will hold ? 
how heavy and large a tv will the stand hold ? 
do you all stain it ? we have a certain color stain for our other wood and would love for it to match . do you all do this ? thanks ! 
can someone tell me the length of the whole spatula and the width of the `` spoon '' part ? thanks ! 
are these spoon spatulas or flat ? 
does the handle come apart from the spatula ? 
what 's the rubber thing that came with the spatulas ? it 's a few inches long with two holes in it . does it have a purpose ? 
are the heads of the spatula sturdy or flexible ? i am looking for very flexible bendable spatulas -- not sturdy or hard . thanks ! 
where are they made ? trying to find some made in usa 
what are the handles made of ? 
what diameter pot does it work with 
is there a see through portion around the perimeter as shown in the picture , so you can see the contents in the pot ? 
can you also use this for food storage , as in covering glass containers ? will it create an air tight seal ? 
do you have to use the little red lid that fits over the area with holes ? to prevent boil over of pasta pot : cover holes with smaller lid or not ? 
i would like to buy 5 , do you combine or reduce shipping ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
what exactly is the container made of ? how do i know if it is pba free ? a good plastic v. bad plastic ? what # on bottom ? 
what is the capacity of the bottle ? is it completely dishwasher safe ? 
is this product an ionizing or ionic air purifier ? 
does this come with an ionizer ? 
will this size machine work for my office that is 10x14 ? ( i hope so , i do n't have room for a bigger machine ) 
hi everyone , would this unit be good for an office cubicle ? is it too big for a desk area ? i 'm having a hard time visualizing the size . thanks ! 
is it easy to change the filter ? 
does this have a bright light on the top ? ( i 'm easily bothered by bright lights , so want to know if i 'd need to block the top with electrical tape ) 
how loud is this model ? thanks . 
does any of you wonderful folks have the correct filter numbers for this unit , i bought it from someone without any manual , thanks in advance ! 
will this unit come with filters , or do i need to purchase them separately ? 
how long do you keep the unit on and which setting ? 
mo # what is it ? 
do you let this run continuously day and night or only certain times of the day ? 
can this unit be placed against the wall ? 
can i get a better desciption on the size ? length= height= depth= 
will the filter run on an inverter ? the power commonly found in rv 's and boats 
how long is the cord ? will i be able to place this more out into the open part of the room or will it have to be up against a wall ? 
how often does the prefilter need to be changed ? 
better to run with windows closed ? 
i prefer to sleep with a fan on . how do the different speeds sound compared to your average sized fan ? thanks ! ! 
which model is this ? 
does this com with the first set of filters or do i have to purchase them separately ? 
what is the measured height , length and width of this purifier ? 
what is the measured height , length and width of this purifier ? 
does it support 220v ? 
will this product help reduce vocs due to off-gassing from floor refinishing ? thanks ! 
is this product good for dust mites in mattresses for instance 
how many filters does it hold and how frequently do you find yourself changing filters ? ( i know this will vary . ) 
does the carbon filter emit an order ? is this unit noisy ? 
how much space does it effectively cover process ? 
what is the model number of this product . i will need to buy the filters and it does not give that info thank you 
how about the package size . 
i am considering buying a honeywell air purifier . how does this model , the hpa-300 , compare to the honeywell 50250-s ? 
does it remove airborne mold spores ? 
i understand the intake air is in the front , but is the exhausted air on the top ? 
how many square feet will it clean , or will one clean a 1500sf great room ? 
what should be the power load for the transformer if we need ? 
exactly which filters fit this machine ? 
can this device be left always on , or will the timer always shut it off ? 
does it come with a filter ? 
what is the model number of this unit ? 
is this the hpa300 model ? 
do filters need to be replaced 
does it support 220v ? 
what size is this unit out of the box ? 
does anyone know if this unit emits ozone ? 
does it purify the air from second hand cigarette smoke ? 
can anyone please advise the packaging size ( measurement of the shipping box ) for this item . 
is the slate board made out of stone ? ? if yes , do you know what kind ? 
i read that some people could not write on the cheese markers with the chalk , did anyone else have this problem , and what did you do about this ? 
i would like to know if the cheese leaves a grease stain on the slate ? 
can you write directly on the slate and not use the cheese markers ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
mine came broken ! ! anyone else have any trouble with this ? i really like this and want to re-order.packing was very very poor that may be the reason 
would like to know what the warrenty is and return police . 
what 's the electrical 110 or 220 . 
can i get a longer exhaust hose ? perhaps 10 ft . 
looks like this has three drain plugs ? can you just use the bottom one ? 
how loud is it ? 
how is the exhaust installed . 
do i have to use a hose to dump it ? or is there a tray i can dump ? 2 
is it 110 ? 
do i need vent 
what is the warranty on this unit ? 
is this a 115 volt unit or a 240 volt unit ? also , does it have to be vented to the outside atmosphere & amp ; if so # of hoses used & amp ; are they included ? 
does it come w vent hose etc . ? 
can it be used in a window that opens left to right and not up and down like the photos ? 
what is the diameter of the exhaust hose ? 
is this with a 110 plug or a 220 ? 
how does it get installed . 
is the unit on castors wheels so it can be easily moved ? 
does any one think this unit does not rate as 5 star and why 
does the unit have a condensate pan that needs to be emptied , or dose it have the smart design that evaporates the condensate it produces ? 
how long is the exhaust hose both in expanded and contracted lengths ? 
does this unit have a temp gage that can be set so it automatically comes on if the temp get above the setting ? 
is this good to grate yuca or plantain 
is this 110v only , or 220v as well ? 
what would be the best appliance to grate sweet potatoes ? 
is this converted for usa kitchens ? 
is the color at all have redish tones ? i hate espresso cherry look but love just dark espresso , thoughts ? 
how high are the chairs 
is this stained solid wood or veneer ? 
could you use this machine to sell snow cones at a basketball game ? 
how many sno cones would one 10 lb bag of ice cubes make ? 
does this product produce fine , smooth ice with no large chunks or pieces ? 
can it be battery operated ? or does it need to be plugged into an electrical outlet ? 
how long does it take to shave the ice before you can use it and how long will it last once shaved before using it ? 
are these metal or plastic blades ? 
is this a fragile machine or pretty durable ? particularly worried if the handle is plastic . two of the nostalgia 's we had broke at around 4 months . 
how much ice does it hold ? 
does the machine have metal blades ? 
if you get the pourers . and use your own drink . like kool aid . would you have to freeze it first ? or just drink it ? 
product dimensions does n't seem to be right . what is the actual height , width & amp ; depth ? shelves are adjustable or not ? can we just hang over the door ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how high is it ? 
is it dishwasher safe 
i bought this from a walmart demo & amp ; the man diced onions & amp ; potatoes vs strips . how is this done ? i thought there was a piece that fits on the bottom ? 
does this really have a lifetime guarantee ? 
which blade is for dice , fries , slices im a bit confused ? 
how do you know what setting to turn to for each kind of slice ? 
how do i chop a vegetable ? i ca n't figure out how to fit the second piece on a all . are there directions somehere ? 
how do you use the shredder ? 
is there a safety cover over the blade for storing ? 
how do i slice a carrot on this slicer ? 
does this work on brazilian bananas better than ones from italy ? 
does this work with 240 volts ? 
is it helpful to have an extra for your friend 's banana . what if they are a vegetarian ? 
how long did it take to get yours ? 
i heard from friend brett that this product is actually just one product . apparently , the two pack is actually a `` top and bottom '' . is this true ? 
if one of the slicing blades breaks , is there a replacement part repair kit available ? 
how often do the slicing blades need to be sharpened ? 
how thick do the slices end up being ? 
will this help with copd 
are their filters that need to be replaced periodically in this unit ? if so , where do you buy them ... ca n't seem to locate any online . 
how does this filter stack against a houseful of cat hair ? 
why is there no shipping to ca ? 
how many square feet does it cover ? 
i was wondering if this will remove urine smell out of a house ? 
my most important priority is dust control . ( live in a farming area and the fields produce a lot of dust . ) how well does this purifier handle dust ? 
is it a heater too ? 
huge dust problem ; will this air purifier keep dust down in my home ? 
does this reduce eliminate carcinogens from cigarette smoking ? 
what is the highest temperarture it go up to ? 
whats the oil liters capacity for each tank ? 
is there a warranty ? 
can use this at my church ? can someone please upload a picture of the plugs i dont understand how they look 
what type of plug does it have , my existing fryer has that weird three prong plug with the one that is flat and perpendicular to the other two ? 
does this fryer have a drain catcher how do you clean ? 
where was this ( cuisinairre dual 6-liter commercial restaurant grade stainless steel dual deep fryer , 6-liter ) made ? 
is it large enough to fry funnel cakes ? 
is this deep fryer csa ( canadian safety association ) approved ( or the usa equivalent ) ? also , is there a built in fire suppression system ? 
is this fryer marked c ul , the c being the important part , or just ul ? is it marked nfs ? thanks ! 
i am looking into purchasing this for use at a sports concessions stand . anyone able to tell me how long the machines lasted stayed in working order ? 
does this machine have a warranty ? 
does it come with a cover 
how do i clean the rollers ? 
i brought this without a manual , does anyone know where i can get this 
it keeps blowing fuses when i turn on the heater what is wrong with it 
my rollers have stopped turning , what do i do ? 
hep rollers stop moving . an suggestions ? 
is there a dust cover for this item when not in use ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
the fryer has black scuff marks and a lot of small scratches all over the surfaces . is this normal for a new product ? 
i need to know if the heating element is in the oil reservoir or underneath like frydaddy ? 
how long does it take to deep fry `` nice n crispy '' fried chicken 
what is the wattage ? 
are parts available for this unit if , say , a thermacouple needs to be replaced , for example ? 
what can i do if i want use with 220v in peru . please help me 
does this fryer have a magnetic electric cord ? 
does it works on 220 volt ? 
can you get parts and service for this ? 
how wide is the fryer , is it wide enough ro fry calzones ? 
would this bench work as full time table seating ? 
what is the maximum weight limit for sitting ? 
what are the exterior dimensions ? 
is this bright white or off white 
is this bright white or off white 
what are the dimensions 
is this a hinged lid ? 
what are the dimentions 
the white one looks more off white in the picture , is it realy white , white or more cream color ? 
how tall is the ottomen 
will it open plastic jars ? 
will it open a jar that is wider where the `` grippers '' attach and the cap is much smaller ? 
if one hand is holding the jar opener , the other hand has to hold the jar . i am concerned about whether or not my mom can grip the jar tightly enough . 
does it work on smooth edge jars , such as pickle jars 
i work in the lab and need to open urine cups . the lids are plastic and not tight . will this jar opener to be too strong for light tension ? 
what is the widest diameter jar lid it will open ? 
what is the widest lid it can open ? 
how wide is the pot ( from one top edge to the other , not including the handles ) ? 
are these stove top oven safe ? 
how heavy is it ? most are too heavy for me to lift because of balance problems i have . 
is a maximum temperature specified ? 
can i use this on an induction cooktop ? 
does the finish contain an anti bacterial additive such as triclosan ? 
is the bottom completly flat , making them okay for glasstop ranges ? 
can this pot be used with induction cooker ? is it dishwasher safe ? thanks 
does this pot come with a lid ? 
does this get hot on the handle i.e. , needing a glove ? 
does this heat the grain flour during the milling process ? a lot , or a little ? 
is there any minimum amount that the nutri mill grinds ? if i want fresh flour every alternate day , just a cupful-would that be possible ? 
how noisy is it ? 
what will the mini mill do . does it do coffee or just grains . 
has anyone tried making mesquite flour with it ? 
does this mill grind wheat berries course medium and fine ? ( are there settings ) ? does it have a setting for cracked wheat ? 
will this or any other grain mill you know of make nut flours as well ? 
steel or stone burrs ? 
it works on 220 v , or only 110 v ? 
can i use it to grind almonds ? 
is the bicycle black or brown ? 
if i were to purchase stuffing to go inside instead of a pillow , would that work just as well as an actual pillow ? 
is this print in the photo what is received ? it looks like a few people have perhaps received a different print ? 
can these be used outdoors ? 
are these just covers for pillows or are they actual pillows ? 
do these come with the pillow insert , and if not , is it possible to buy them from you as well ? 
i also am interested in what size pillow the cover will fit on . 
is the flat fabric 18 x 18 ? or is this made to go over a stuffed insert that is 18 x 18 ? will it fit 16 '' throw pillows ? 
is thi product bpa free ? 
what is the size of this product ? lxwxh in inches ? 
what number plastic are these ( should be a number in a triangle symbol on the bottom ) ? 
what are the demensions of these ? trying to figure out if it will fit . 
is this a basic old time waffle maker or equivalent to a belgian waffle . i am looking for basic not belgian 
is this teflon free ? what is the coating ? aluminum ? 
cleaning 
does the handle get hot after several waffles are made ? 
i 'd like to ask the seller or manufacturer to provide an accurate answer , is this product teflon free or not ? thanks . 
i am looking for a chemical free teflon free waffle maker..is this just cast iron plates ? 
does this waffle iron have floating hinges ? 
in what country is this made ? 
does the browning selector dial control the temperature of the iron or just the timer ? i need to cook my waffles at a relativly lower temp than usual . 
is this 110-220 v usage ? i live in chile and need to know . thanks 
new to a p c , waiting for delivery , would barbeque sauce or any other sauces create enough steam for pressure or would it need to be watered down ? 
can this 4 q. fit a 3-4 lb . roast or chick ? 
can you brown meat in the removable insert on the stove ? 
is there a delay start feature - like you have it all programmed , but you want it to start cooking 2 hours after you leave the house ? 
does it have a stay warm function after the food has been cooked ? 
can the slow cook feature be used with the class lid ? 
can anyone recommend a steaming basket that will fit the slow cooker express ? 
what if i need a spare pot ? 
can you cook rice in this - what setting would you use ? 
what is liner made of ? 
does this scale show decimals , either in grams or ounces ? thanks ! 
will any plate fit on it without sliding ? in other words will it still measure correctly w o a bowl ? 
does it scale accurately weight items that are small and weight only about one or two grams ? 
does this scale have a calibration mode ? 
if you set for grams when you use scale the next time do you have to set to grams again or will it stay set to grams ? 
what are the measurements of the scale and bowl ? 
does this remember the weight when it 's turned on ? 
does the display time out after short period of time ... as in saving battery feature ... i am more interested in walking away and coming back 
how quickly does the scale automatically turn off if you 're not actively using it ? 
does it come with batteries or is adaptable with a charger ? 
is the flat surface of the shelf 5.25 inches or 3.25 inches ? 
are you able to paint this mantle ? 
is the 60-inch width the dimension of the top or bottom of the mantel cap ? our fireplace is 60 inches wide , so we need the bottom width to be 60. thx 
how deep is the shelf ? my fireplace top comes out 14 '' from the wall . 
can this be mounted on a brick fireplace ? 
what is the width across the bottom of the 48 '' version ? the top of my fireplace is 44 '' and i do n't know if this is wide enough . thanks . 
this shelf is described as being 3.25-inch deep by 5.25-inch high ... ..but it looks ( in the photos ) to be deeper than it is high ... .which is it ? 
is this shelf hollow inside ? 
any other comments about snags in the comforter ? i have a dog that sometimes jumps on the bed ( not often ) . also , does anyone know the thread count ? 
what is the weight of this comforter ? looking for a extremely light-weight comforter , having no luck . thanks ! ! 
why do people say there is another pattern in the middle ? what is the pattern ? why hide it in the picture , what would be the point ? post pic pls ! 
i have an expanded queen sleep number bed . the bed width is 67 inches . length is 80 inches . any suggestions on which comforter will fit best ? 
is this a comforter or a duvet ? 
is the color like a wedgewood blue 
does the color have a teal ( greenish blue ) look , or is it more of a regular blue ? the photo and description seem to indicate a teal appearance . 
does this scale eat a lot of batteries like the previous ozeri touch version ? how many batteries does it need per months ? 
does this scale weigh each gram individually ? ( not jump to 5 grams ) 
does this food scale need to be calibrated ? 
how long do the batteries last ? assuming using this every day , a couple of measurements throughout the day . 
what kind of battery using ? 
is it made in china ? 
when does the 2 min auto shut off timer start ? last button push , last change in weight , etc . need to have at least 3 min to make pour over coffee . 
does this scale remember the last weight after it shuts off automatically ? 
one review says it 's plastic , not glass . if that 's true , does it scratch ? 
how much does the scale hold ? 
when the board is open how far from the top of the door is it ? 
should this also be able to fit on a sliding closet door ? . 
any suggestions on a better cover ? household essentials has a cover , but it has negative reviews because it does n't fit . 
does this come with an ironing board ? 
i 'm thinking of making this a gift for graduation for my soon-to-be graduate , is this practical for a dorm room ? 
could i use this as a wall mounted ironing board ? could i get rid of the over the door bracket and put some screws through the top two holes ? 
how high is the ironing board from the ground for shorter people ? 
would this work for an interior 8 ft door instead of the normal height 6'6 door ? builder put taller doors everywhere due to high ceilings . 
am i reading this correctly ? the actual ironing surface is 24 '' long ? that wo n't even hold the legs of a pair of pants . 
what is the distance between the two support bars at the top , measuring outer edge to outer edge ? i only have about 12 '' to work with . 
will this work for broken spring on back of chair as well as seat 
do you need a special tool to install the new spring or can you do it by hand ? 
how do you attach the clips for a seat back ? 
i have a lazy boy rocker recliner that was purchased in the year 2000. one seat spring is broken and it measures 19 inches , do you have a spring . 
does the cover have ties or buttons to keep the duvet fill in place ? 
the description says the duvet is 300 thread count . bed bath and beyond has it as 250 tc . which is it ? is it soft , like 300tc would likely be ? 
is the design printed or embroidered ? 
is there just 1 king sham 
is there a dust ruffle included ? 
does the king size really only come with one sham as stated ? 
is the print the same on both sides of the duvet or is the other side a solid color ? 
do you have an oversized king set in this style ? my duvet is 114 '' x 93 '' 
does it have ties in duvet so comforter stay put 
is there only 1 king sham included with the set ? where does one get another king sham ? 
where is this pan manufactured 
is this packaged nicely enough to give as a gift . i would n't want to gift it if comes loose in a shipping box . thanks . 
what is the diameter of the base bottom . is the inside bottom of the pan rounded ? thanks ! 
does anyone know where to purchase a lid for this item ? i want to purchase it but i do want a lid 
could someone please tell me the actual height ? 
will this pan work on an induction cooktop ? 
does it have a lid ? 
where is it made 
can this pan be used on a glass topped stove ? is the bottom perfectly flat ? 
how many quarts is this ? 
where can i get replacement carafes ordered ? 
are the pots and filters dishwasher safe ? 
does it support 110 v or it is only 220 v ? 
where is this made ? 
does this model have `` pause and pour '' feature ? 
does cucina pro double have an automatic turnoff 
are the carafes glass or plastic ? 
can i use paper filters 
do they have metal decanters to replace the glass ones ? 
were can i get replacement carafe for the 9910bp 
so , does your hot water coffee sit on top of plastic part while brewing ? or does liquid comes in contact w plastic only on way into your cup ? 
the lever broke after a few weeks . where can i get a replacemnt lever ? 
how easy is it to clean ? are there any nooks , crannies , or crevices around the lever stopper that get wind up with old coffee stuck in them ? 
anyone know if there is a frieling gold filter that fits in the bonavita dripper ? thanks 
country of origin ? 
is the stopper made of plastic or ceramic ? 
what diameter cup mug will this fit over safely without falling off ? what is the diameter of the base ? thanks 
how long does it take to brew ? a french press takes 4 minutes ; i need something that is quicker . 
how does it compare with the clever coffee dripper ? 
does anyone know of a pour-over stand that works well with this brewer ? i 've read that bonavita 's stands do n't support this particular model very well 
what are the dimensions ? will it hold a 50 '' tv ? will not be mounted , will be sitting on a stand . thank you 
does this have channels to route wires ? i will have a lot wires to hide . ps3 , xbox 360 , cable box etc . 
does each shelf hold 10 pounds or is that the max weight the product will hold ? 
i need to make sure of the actual depth . i plan to set it on a fireplace hearth and put the tv on top of it . do not use the fireplace at all here . 
i plan on placing a bose solo 15 which weighs 14 lbs on top , 1 cable receiver and 1 gaming console . will this hold ? 
can this shelf actually hold a tv on it ? tv is a 30 '' tv . i want to attach this shelving unit to the wall and the tv will sit directly on it . 
can this shelf actually hold a tv on it ? tv is a 30 '' tv . i want to attach this shelving unit to the wall and the tv will sit directly on it . 
is it tall enough ( height ) to fit in a receiver ? 
is the black oak color actually black ? in some of the pictures it looks more brown . 
what are the weight limitations on this unit ? i have one that said 90lb limitation and snapped off the wall at 45 lbs 
will it grind fine enough for an espresso maker ? 
can this be easily cleaned by hand washing ? 
is there any way to adjust the size of the grind . setting at large grind , the grind is still to fine . 
how long is the cord ? 
i knew the voltage of it , but ca n't found any information about the watts . do you know how much watts use for this machine ? 
what is voltage ? can i connect it to 230vac-50hz ? 
phillips ' web site says : `` ground coffee container with anti-static feature '' is there static ? 
is there any way to adjust the size of the grind . setting at large grind , the grind is still to fine . 
what are the dimensions of this machine ? 
will it work at 220 240 voltage 
what are the maximum amount of coffee beans that can b ground ? 
where is it made ? 
its 220v or 110v ? thanks 
the listing calls this a coffee grinder accessory . so , it 's an accessory to a coffee grinder , but grinds coffee too . any other things it does ? 
what type of plastic is the coffee container made of ? some plastic like polypropylene , is safer than others . is there a recycle code on the bottom ? 
what is the case material ? what is the motor speed ? 
what are the over-all dimensions of this night stand ? i ca n't believe they 're not given in the ad . 
how well does the drawer glide ? 
whats the width and depth of the nightstand 
what are the dimensions of the open space ? 
what kind of material is that ? 
what material this is made from ? 
how tall is the nightstand ? 
how hight is it ? 
what is the width of this ? i want to see if they 'll be enough space between the wall and my bed to fit it . 
would it be okay to put a tv that is around 55 '' on top of it ? 
can i change to knobs on it ? i wanted a dresser with round knobs but i cant find one with a good price 
how wide is this dresser ? 
how deep are the drawers ? 
drawers are fitting in the slots ! what do i do ! ? 
what is the width inside the cabinet on right ? 
is the back black ? 
what is needed for assembly ( screws , washers , etc . ) ? 
can this fit a queen size bed 
can this accomodate a twin sized bed ? if not then what are the other holes for ? 
would this work with this bed frame http : www.amazon.com hollywood-bed-f ... 
can this work with a twin size bed frame ? i am trying to match it with a storage wooden twin bed . 
what types sizes of bolts , nuts , and washers will i need ? i want to be sure i have everything ready when it delivers to attach to the bed frame . 
is this sturdy enough to lean against if 1 3 of the headboard is in front of a recessed window and not supported by the wall ? 
is this laminate ? if we primed it , could it be painted brown ? 
is the height of this headboard adjustable ? what 's the minimum height of bed need to be ? thanks ! 
the back was unfinished . is the material smooth enough that it could be painted and look ok ? 
is this grater a good choice for harder cheese like parmesan ? also is it hard to turn handle on harder cheeses ? 
does the handle ever accidentally detach while grating ? i have one in a similar style that does that . 
does this work well on softer cheeses ? such as mozzarella or a soft sharp cheddar 
how does this work on nuts ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
how well does it work with softer cheeses like monterey jack ? also , how big of a piece can you shred at one time ? 
i want finely shredded cheddar cheese , will this handle it ? 
does the plastic ever touch the metal grating drum ? i found that they end up grating plastic into the food . 
which drum for parmesan ? 
i need to grate carrots , raw beets and radishes . will this grater do ? 
how does theipedic convoluted gel topper compare to a regular memory foam toppers 
anyone tried this in a hide-a-bed ? 
what are the dimensions of the short queen ? 
does the topper come with cover ? 
how mwny days for shipping ? and is it from us ? 
have you had any feedback with this product being dysfunctional ( i.e . leaking ) ? 
how many ounces of liquid can it hold ? 
how do you ship this item ? i do not know how to track a package you say was delivered ! ! ! 
does it actually say nikon on it , or does it say nican ? 
does this cup `` zoom '' and is it truly nikon branded or is nican ? 
if i lose the lid , can i order one for replacement ? if yes , how do i go about doing that ? 
i ordered my product on the 18th of november and it was shipped on the 23. it still says that it will be anywhere from december 18th and mid january ? 
does it come with a bag to carry it around in ? 
which generation is this mug ? 
do you have to take the top off to drink out of it ? 
how many ounces does this hold ? 
is it dish washer safe ? 
how easy difficult is it to clean ? 
how do i get replacement parts for this machine ? 
hi , i just brought this as it says 220v 50hz or 110v 60 hz . i need 220v but the stamp on the machine says 110v . is there a switch to change it ? 
does it work 
does the machine remove the pulp from the oranges ? 
how can i get parts for this machine ? ? 
hi there , i need a machine that squeezes lemons and limes without frequent jamming . anyone have feedback about the smoothness of the machine ? thanks 
how many ounces per minute does this machine produce ? 
what size oranges can i use in the machine ? 
i need replacement parts . how do i go about ordering these ? 
anyone who 've had this for awhile , does it leak ? 
anyone know if the there is a way to control the amount of soap it delivers ? thanks ! 
can you use hand sanitizer in this dispenser ? 
has anyone mounted it with adhesive ? does that work well ? does it come with mounting materials ? 
it looks like this sits on the bracket . could it fall off it bumped ? or would someone really have to try to take it off ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this ada compliant ? 
i am looking for a dispenser to hold bleach . do you think this product may hold clorox bleach or do you think the liquid is too thin and will leak ? 
can this be used as a mouthwash dispenser ? has anyone tried it ? 
has anyone tried using this to dispense foaming hand soap ? if so , does it work well ? 
does it fit a full 
is this a comforter set that includes pillow shams ? if so , does it come with one sham or two ? 
will the sheets and comforter fit a queen size bed 
does this come with a pillow cover ? thank you . 
is the pillow itself washable or just the case ? 
does this come with one or two pillows ? 
how thick is the standard low profile ? 
can someone give the dimensions of the standard and the queen size pillows ? including the height . thank you ! ! ! 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is the high profile just a thicker version of the low profile ? as in it has the same gel foam thank you ! 
what is shredded gel memory foam ? and is it too cold i have a gel memory foam and put it in spare room cause i wake up during the night being to cold . 
some people have complained about the small size of the pillow compared to their pillow cases . would a king size then fit in a queen size pillow case ? 
is low profile good for stomach sleeper 
how many inches is high profile verses low profile ? 
how many inches high is the high profile vs. low profile ? 
so it says peel core chop . does this actually chop the apples too ? is it an attachment ? or do i buy that seperate ? 
is it heavy ? is it bigger than regular ? 
can you peel and core only without slicing ? and can you peel only without slicing or coring ? 
i was going to buy it because it uses bags and i was hoping there was no filter . can anyone tell me if there is and if so how often it needs to be cha 
does it have where you can adjust the floor height ? 
can i use the bags style 7 with this vacuum ? i already have the plain model 71y7 *without* febreze , and a lot of unused bags . 
how many bags come with this ? 
what is the amazon item url for the `` fabreeze '' bags for this vacuum . the fabreeze ones i 've found so far are for the velocity vacuum only . 
why does mine not have have power , new , just out of the box & gt ; 
how many amps 
does it come with any bags ? 
is the color in the stripes brown or black ? 
what does `` coverlet '' mean 
what does the reverse side of this quilt look like ? it is n't shown in the picture . 
is this just the center insert or the whole 2 piece lid ? 
do they fit wide mouth jars ? 
does 12ct means i will get 12 pcs of lid ? ? 
are this lids for all mason jars ? 
what is the material of the lids ? 
will these lids fit 12-oz . quilted crystal jelly jars by kerr ? 
do these lids have wholes in them ? 
will these fit on wide mouth jars ? 
is the bottle made of bpa-free plastic ? 
will this hold 28 ounces of water or is this 28 ounces with the filter inside ? someone said that they constantly have to fill it up . 
does this bottle filter fluoride ? 
is it the same filter as the 2 gallon container ? 
does this filter allow americans to drink tap water in europe without digestive issues ? 
where do you get replacement filters ? 
does it filter out bpa if i poured bottle water into it , say at a party ? 
i am seeing another model from zero , the zt-026 . it looks newer , but is it older ? it has a straw ? has anyone used both ? 
how do you properly install the straw and the little rubber piece ? 
how long does the filter last ? 
has anyone tried seeding raspberries with this ? 
how is the handle attached to the food mill ? is it welded , attached with flat nails or all one piece with the body ? 
anyone buy this recently ? one person says it was made in china , one person says usa , but the ad says usa twice . 
does this product contain a manual ? 
what size are the openings on each oh the disks 
does this mill have the screw and wire that goes underneath to scrape the underside of the discs to keep the pulp off ? 
where is this food mill made ? in the usa ? 
does it make almond butter ? 
how do we clean the stone portions ? using water alone or can we apply dish washing soap as well ? 
where can i buy replacement parts for this wet grinder specifically the wiper and wheels . 
is this the same machine being sold by cocoatown ? it looks very similar . also , is this machine able to grind cacao into chocolate ? 
can it be used for grinding cooked corn fine enough for mexican tortillas ? 
ultra grint 2 liter can grind how many messuring cups of rice at a time ? i want to make 50 idlys , so do i need 2 liter grinder or 1.5liter ? 
can the grinder be used for kneading chapati dough . 
is this machine or any of the other grinders you carry nsf certified ? 
can i add tablespoon of oil while grinding or while kneading ? 
wich is the size ? 
i have king size pillows . will it fit or do you have a larger size pillow case ? 
how long does it take to ship to the u.s. from china ? 
can you ship this to jakarta , indonesia and still in good shape ? 
what is the pillowcase made of ? 
is this pillowcase the size of a twin pillow ? 
can this fit a queen pillow ? 
is there a minimum ceiling height requirement ? my daughter 's ceiling is 7 1 2 feet high . 
i lost my instructions , how do i obtain another copy ? 
is this bed good for a teenager ? 
how can i get assenbly instructions ? 
what are the measurements with desk pulled out 
are the drawers under the bed spacious enough to be used as a dresser or would you need more room ? 
would a pre-teen find this bed set big enough ? 
can the desk be placed on the other side ? 
with the shelves , desk , and ladder still on the right side of the bed , can the desk be in the position of the ladder ? 
can this be turned into a left side bed . i would be buying one for my son and on for my daugther . one for each side of the room . 
how would you describe the blue color ? 
how heavy is the large ottoman ? the description states around 31 pounds , but i am assuming that includes the two smaller ottomans nested inside . 
is the blue ottoman offer tray tops ? and what is the exact height 
what are the dimensions of the ottomans ? the only dimensions i can find are 14 x 14 x 14 inches , that is not a rectangle o.0 
are the sides solid wood under the fabric , or more tent like ( just fabric stretched over a skeleton farm ) ? 
what are the dimensions of the large ottoman ? are the two small ottomans true to size as stated -- 14 '' x14 '' x14 '' ? ? 
would it be possible for me to attach short legs to the large ottoman to get it an inch or two off the floor , or would that place too much stress ? 
can i put a frame to hold 8-1 2 inch by 11 inch file folders in this ? 
can you flip the top over and use as a table or it is only for storage ? thanks ! 
what is the weight capacity ? 
what is this pillow filled with ? 
how do you play the music ? is it a wind up knob of one you push inside pillow ? 
is it totally gray ? i would like it to match with sand pillows http : www.amazon.com gp product b00c ... 
is this pillow machine washable 
does this pillow have a zipper ? so that i can remove n wash the cover ... thanks 
can this be used outdoors ? 
what are the measurements and capacity of the steamer insert ( in inches , please ) ? i really only care how much the insert holds . thanks you . 
oops ! will this work for steaming couscous ? thanks 
just need steamer insert for pot that 's 7 3 4 '' inside diam ( wall to wall ) & amp ; 4-7 8 inside depth . will steamer basket work with my pot ? thx : ) 
does anyone know if this is 18 10 stainless steel ? thanks again . : ) 
where were this pots made ? 
will this pot work on an induction cooktop ? 
will this work for couscous ? thanks 
what is the size 
is there a plastic cover for the bed ? we were not able to save the box and would like to store it with a cover . thank you . 
the width , length and height 
dimensions details of this product ? 
size 
i 'm thinking of using these to filter cold-brew coffee . is the mesh fine enough to keep thegrounds contained ? how do well do they stand up to squeezing ? 
what 's the measurements ( length and width ) of these bags ? 
is it good for cheese or and kefir ? 
are these bags reusable ? how many times ? 
what is the micron size of these bags ? 
will this braun wk300 work on new york city electric current ? 
the description seems to suggest an adaptor is available for use in the usa . is that the case ? if so , is it included in the cost ? 
does this braun kettle work on standard new york city electric current ? 
does this braun kettle work in new york city on new york current ? 
is this a reflux still ? 
what else is needed to operate the still besides a heat source ? 
when fully assembled how tall is the 10 gallon still ? 
what gage is the copper ? 
can you make whiskey and other spirits with this still ? 
if i bought this would you have to report the purchase to the federal govt . 
it says ten gallons is that how much product you can distill using your copper contraption ? 
how much will one load produce ? 1 2 gallon ? 1 gallon ? 
are the assembly instructions available before purchase ? do n't want to get myself into anything ica n't finish . 
can the extra large be used on a smaller sized bowl ? 
what are the dimensions of the x-tra large lid ? 
can you use these lids in the oven ? 
will this x-large size cover a 12 inch skillet ? 
are they safe on the stovetop ? 
would this lid cover a twelve inch square pan ? 
can it be used as lid for a pot that is cooking on a gas burner ? 
i have some large tupperware plastic bowls and such - can no longer find lids that fit . does anyone know if it works on plastic containers ? 
how many inches is the extra large ? 
what is the actual size , i have one i love but am having trouble finding the large one for a gift 
dimensions 
when steaming fresh vegetables on the stove top , how exactly do you use and how long do you steam them ? 
where is the product made ? 
on the tap i bought off ebay , the beer post is smaller than the gas post . these fit the gas but are too big for the beer . do i need an adapter ? 
my kit did not come with the 2 large o rings , any idea what exact size o ring i need to fix this issue ? 
where is the other end ? these fit nicely on my keg coupler , but the hoses coming from co2 and to beer do n't have the other ends on them . i need both . 
will these fit on a low profile sankey tap or only the standard size show in the picture ? 
does this include the sankey tap with the handle ? or is it just the liquid and gas line ball lock connectors ? 
are these stainless steel 304 ? 
how can you differentiate between the gas and liquid posts ? 
do you need shoe stretching spray for this to work ? 
will these fit ( or work ) for pointy-toed high heels ? 
what about length will this work to stretch the length of the shoe ? 
will this be able to stretch thetoe part of my sneakers ? 
can this be used on flats as well ? 
i wear 7.5-8. what size should i order ? 
hello do the shoes have to be at least 3 '' ? 
can this be used for boots ? 
can this be used to make room for hammer toes , specifically to make room for a fourth toe hammer toe ? 
does it open from both sides ? some shoe stretchers only open one side ( half part ) of the wood . 
i have some shoes that are 7.5 size and some are size 8. if i were to only try one size of a shoe stretcher , which would you recommend ? thank you ! 
are this only for heles or can it also be used with flats ? 
how wide will the wood open to ? 
i wear a women size eleven . will the large shoe stretcher be a good fit for my shoes ? 
will this stretch shoes made of man-made materials , not leather ? 
the shoes i want to stretch are a size 8. should i buy a large stretcher ? 
is this one or a set of 2 stretchers ? 
could this be used for heels that are only 2 3 4 '' high ? 
how wide does the wood separate ? 
i stretched a leather shoe using this product by gradually expanding over 3 days.upon removal , the shoe fit but did not remain stretched.why ? 
is it good for picking up pet hair ? 
are there attachments & amp ; where are they kept ? 
i would use this primarily on tile floors and hardwood . is it worth buying for that use only ? so tired of using a broom several times a day . 
does the battery have a separate charger or do you have to plug this in to charge ? 
should we completely drain the battery abd recharge it again ? 
does it work well and is it safe to use on wood laminate flooring ? 
i just bought a hoover air cordless the battery pack says it 's 20.0 volt max 72 wh li-ion . how many volts it the shark..or which has more power ? 
will it suck up items as large as cheerios ? i have a smaller stick vacuum and it is worthless for vacuuming up anything cheerio-sized . 
can it handle kitty litter ? 
what type of battery does this use ? nicd , nimh or lithium ? ? ? 
how big are the strips the julienne tool makes ? i would like to use it to make zuccini noodles and am worried this may cut them to thin . 
does the peeler do well with peeling apples ? 
can it peel though pineapple skin and flesh ? ? ? please answer only if you tried it personally . 
how to use slicing board with peeler ? 
what is that blue thing for ? i do n't see the usefulness of a mandolin board that 's smaller than my hand ! 
will it fit a mattress that is 18 '' deep ? 
it seems like many people had issues where the sheets began to pill after a very short time . is there a special way to wash them ? 
will these fit a deep mattress of 18-20 inches ? 
will these work on a sleeper sofa mattress ( about 5 inches , but will be adding a mattress pad with about 3 extra inches ) ? 
do these sheets fit the sleep number bed with the option of inclining head and foot . 
are they durable ? 
what exactly is included ? fitted and flat sheets ? pillow cases ? 
where are these sheets made ? 
does the fitted sheet have deep pockets ? 
what is the thread count ? 
has anyone noticed any pilling ? i currently have microfiber sheets , but they have pilled up over time . 
what depth mattress does it allow for ? pillow top mattress ? 11-16 inches ? 
queen pillow case dimensions please ? 
what are the sheets made from ? 
are these sheets deep enough ? 
what size matress does it fit ? it says king size but i need to know the exact size of the sheets itself ? 
does elastic go all the way around the fitted sheet ? 
i have a tempurpedic topper which makes the mattress a bit thicker . how deep is the fitted sheet ? 
can i bleach them ? 
can i wash them in hot water ? 
any particular wash dry instructions ? 
how deep are the pockets ? 
where are the sheets made ? 
do these sheets get pills at all ? 
no mattress thickness dimensions provided . will these fit a 15 inch thick king mattress ? 
what does the sheet set include , any pillow cases ? 
we have a king size bed and need up to 22 inch will these work ? 
will this fit an extra-deep 20 '' mattress ? 
will these sheets fit 15 '' mattress ? 
the fitted bottom sheet ( king ) has an extra piece of fabric sewn on to make it king size . any body else have this , and is the seam uncomfortable ? 
does the king set come with king pillow cases ? 
is it possible to get just pillowcases ? i have 4 pillows on my bed and the set came with only 2 pillowcases . 
is this fabric stretchy ( like a jersey ) or hard ( like a percale ) ? 
are they wrinkle free ? 
what us the country of origin ? 
how deep is the fitted sheet ? 
will this fit a thick pillowtop mattress ? 
will they fit a pillow-top mattress ? all my sheets need at least a 16 inch pocket . 
where ( country ) are these made ? 
if i order a queen size set , are the pillowcases also queen size ? 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all away around or just on the corners ? 
can you tell me what `` fiber '' they are using .. is it cotton , polyester , bamboo , rayon ... to make the sheets ? 
i have pillow top queen mattress will the fitted sheet fit this ? 
is the flat sheet embroidered ? 
basically if it is suitable for tempur beds and how deep the fitted sheet is 
will these sheet fit a tempurpedic mattress ? 
yes on the king set , are the pillow cases full or king size ? 
does the king fitted sheet fit a 18 inch pillow tap mattress ? 
is this egyptian cotton or actually microficer material . i if it is microfiber material ( which is what i want ) . they should not list egyptian cotton i 
how deeep are the pockets for king size 
my bed wide 59inches x 73inches length and 12 inches deep inches , wich size should i need ? other one is 71inches wide x73inches length 
what size are the king and queen pillow cases ? 
will it fit a 15 '' mattress ? 
is the elastic on the king fitted sheet around the whole sheet or just on each corner ? 
is it 100 % cotton or with something else ? 
my matress is 10 '' deep . will this bottom sheet fit tightly or will there be excess material ? 
after using these for a few weeks and a few washes , do they still fit tight and feel the same ? 
how deep does the fitted sheet go ? 18 '' ? 
how deep a mattress do these sheets fit ? 
what does sheet set includes : fla , t fitted and 2 pillowcases 
what size and how many batteries for pepper mill 
can the grinder part be replaced if it 's overused , or breaks eventually ? if so , do they sell those small parts ? 
how easy is this to fill..do you use a small funnel or what ? 
can you use pepper in both of them ? 
how do i open these things up to refill ? i fear forcing it , and breaking it 
can you get small and large pepper grind ? 
why would anyone need this ? 
country of origin ? amazon should state this for every item 
i really like the design of this mill , however , i can not get a fine grind . i 've adjusted the wheel all the way but still get big chunks . any advice ? 
what is the difference between the $ 25 and the $ 28 grinders ? 
what color is this set ? i have seen it look darker and then this picture looks brighter and more burgundy . i hope it is brighter because i have ordered it . 
what size are the shams 
what are the dimensions of this oversized king quilt set ? 
what are the dimensions of this quilt ? 
i am interested in purchasing the bedskirt and wonder if this is available also ? 
does this set come in full queen ? 
what is the diameter of this pan ? 6 inches ? 
is this pan large enough to make a grilled cheese sandwich ? 
is there any plastic on this product at all ? i 'm looking for a small egg pan that i can also put under the broiler , so it needs to be all metal . 
can this go in the dishwasher ? 
does the handle get hot ? 
is the handle removable ? any exposed screws that would make the handle removable ? 
how wide is the handle ? i want to order a silicon handle cover and do n't know if small , med or large . 
hi guys , does the handle of this cute little pan get hot ? looks like it 's made of metal ? .. tx 
will this work on an induction stove ? ( a magnet has to stick to outside of pan ) 
will this work on an induction cook top ? 
this has to be a mistake , this pan ca n't possibly weigh 11.9 lbs , right ? 
how do you tell the outside color of the greenpans . i have a few and they are red outside & amp ; gray inside . i want to match their color . please advise ? 
can these greenpans be washed in the dishwasher ? 
can these pans be used on an induction stove ? 
where is this product made ? 
i am having trouble finding the lid that fits in this pan , do you suggest any ? 
this has to be a mistake , this pan ca n't possibly weigh 11.9 lbs , right ? 
how do you tell the outside color of the greenpans . i have a few and they are red outside & amp ; gray inside . i want to match their color . please advise ? 
can these greenpans be washed in the dishwasher ? 
can these pans be used on an induction stove ? 
where is this product made ? 
i am having trouble finding the lid that fits in this pan , do you suggest any ? 
are the covers glass ? 
are they oven safe ? 
what size are the pieces in this set - sauce pans , stock pot , pans ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what is the warranty or guaranty on this set of pans ? 
what is the limited lifetime warranty ? 
does the 12 '' pan come with a lid ? and is the bottom thick enough to resist warping ? 
is the coating ptfe-pfoa-cadmium free ? 
where is it made ? 
can greenpan open fry pan be placed in the oven ? 
how much does it hold ? 1 gallon ? ? 
is the spigot metal or plastic ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
does the spigot pour slow or quickly ? i 've had some that pour to slow to be practical ? 
can i purchase just the galvanized stand ? 
can i purchase just the galvanized base only ? 
this stand and bottle of glass or was included together ? 
can the stand also be used as an ice bucket ? 
is this made in the usa 
i want to use the stand with a berkey dispenser . what are the interior dimensions how big of a container will it accommodate ? 
does this have a drain plug ? 
does the stand fold or is it easy to disassemble for storage ? 
what is the tub 's width ? 11.5 tub height , 22.5 tub length , ? ? ? tub width 
is it water proof ? 
how tall is this and how big is the tub ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
what is the size of the tub ? number of gallons ? 
is this ice bucket insulated by a liner ? 
can this bucket fit a wine carafe with a little bit of ice ? 
what are the dimensions ? can it fit more than a bag of ice ? 
is that a lid i see on this ice bucket ? hard to tell in the picture . 
does this come with a cover ? 
how do you was it ? 
this q is for the owner seller . would like the exact dimensions of each size of these toppers . thank you ! 
what are the dimensions of the twin size aka width and length ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what is the exact length and width of the twin matress topper ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
what is the length of this ? i need demensions for a twin size . thank you . 
nowhere in any of the descriptions is the density listed . 5.5 is only a number thrown on the ad . is there a mattress tag ? does anyone have evidence ? 
what is the difference between the twinxl and twin reg size wise ? 
fire safety question ... is this topper fire resistant ? 
is it a 5.5 pound density ? 
what is the difference between 2.5 and 5.5 
can it be used alone without a mattress 
exact size ? 
where does the material come from and what is the density ? 
how much does it weighs ? 
what is the length and width of this product ? 
does it come in 4lb 
is the shipping discreet ? 
is it real or fake fur ? 
is this silicon ? 
is the tail detachable from the plug ? 
what color is the tail ? 
what is the maximum diameter of the inserted portion ? 
is this from a real fox or is it fake fur ? 
is there a list with the numbers of the tips included in this set ? 
are the tips numbered or labeled ? 
is there a tip numbered 97 in any of the wilton sets ? i saw a youtube demo and they said there were using wilton tip # 97. thank you ! 
is this stainless steel ? 
i purchased a piping bag , but it did n't fit with the tips . are there specific bags that will work with this set ? 
does it inlude the 1m ? 
how do i know which tip is the flower 
do they say wilton on the product ? 
will these tips fit on the wilton 415-0906 dessert decorator plus ? 
does it come with piping bags 
can i drink from the mug -- or do i have to pour into a cup ? 
where is it made from ? 
is there any plastic part that will touch the water , like plastic cover around the mouth of the mug , and are they removable ? 
someone told me there are some fake one from amazon ? is that true ? 
the interior is stainless or coated ? 
is it sold in china ? why the cup 's out packing i receieved in chinese ? 
why does the cup have labels and instructions in chinese ? 
is this spill-proof ? would i 'd have to constantly hold it upright or can i manhandle it like a water bottle ? 
is it bpa safe ? 
can you close lid without filter 
is the inside coated or just stainless steel ? 
where is it made ? 
so how do you drink out of this model ? 
i am confused as to how to drink out of this ? am i suppose to remove the little `` dam '' part each time i want a drink ? 
how wide is the bottle opening ? i think it said 1.5 inches but that seems rather small . does anyone know for sure ? 
do you have another color ? 
is it bpa free ? 
i do n't understand what the part under the cap is for ? you ca n't drink out of it , it has to be removed to use . i thought it was a strainer . 
does this mug fit under a keurig k75 ? 
i got this mug . unlike the photo on amazon , this does not have a black plastic ring on which a user 's lips are . does yours not have this part as well ? 
i just got this and ca n't seem to drink directly from this mug . i took off the top ( thin ) cap but no liquid comes out . am i doing something wrong ? 
do you leave the tea leaves and the tea basket in the main body while drinking ? wo n't the tea leaves fall out ? 
can you use it as a regular travel mug without the leaf filter if you just take it out ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
is this have a small opening ? if it tips over will there be a lot of water spilled out ? 
i am not a fan of the color choices . if you have another zijirushi travel mug along with this one , is it possible to use the tea filter in the other ? 
how leak-proof is it ? i expect to slide it in a backpack so it would have to keep liquids safely inside if it falls over or even gets upside down . 
does this mug actually have slicksteel interior as stated , or is it nonstick coated ( whitish interior ) ? looking for a non-coated interior . 
is this a 9 oz or a 16 oz mug ? title says 16 , description says 9 ... 
what is the height of this table ? 
is the 50 '' the circumfrence or the diameter ? 
the dimensions indicate this is oblong . is this the case or is it round ? 
is this table a part of a set or just alone ? 
does it keep coffee hot and for how long ? 
looks like it is tippy ? ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it have a drinking lid ? i ca n't tell from the photo and the description does n't say ? thanks in advance . : ) 
does it say cannon 
can it fit in the cup holder 
so i just got this and it smells really bad ... like a really strong plasticy smell i guess . should i put this in hot water before i use it ? ? 
what is the capacity ? 16oz or 11oz ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
do the camera features work ? are the lens able to zoom ? 
i need low level led lights to sleep . are the lights bright ? 
does the power cord come fron the bottom of the pedestal or the back of the blade assembly ? 
does anyone know why the instructions say to 'unplug the fan when not in use ' ? is that necessary ? why ? 
why is there a picture of the remote , but not listed as having a remote ? 
color appears to be blue and gray but description says bronze . can you provide more detail as to the color ( s ) of the fan ? 
i did not get any written assemble instructions , only drawings . having a hard time pulling the knob off in step 1. any tricks ? 
are there controls on the fan itself without having to use the remote ? 
where do you store the remote 
can this fan be used in a `` stationary '' way , that is , not in the oscillation way where the fan head turns constantly ? 
does this fan have a timer ? 
does this recline both forward and from side to side if needed ? 
what is the warranty ? 
how long is the cord ? 
does this come with a remote ? 
how would you describe the color ? 
how many watts ( electricity ) does this fan use ? 
what is the diameter of the base ? also the height of this fan ? 
how hard is it to take the front of the cage off to clean the blades ? 
i place the fan on a shelf above where i am working . can the fan be aimed down ? 
is this fan worth the extra money ? i need a desk fan that is really strong and really quiet . this fan looks like it could be good , but it 's 4 times the price of other similar sized desk fans . is it really worth an extra $ 60 ? 
is a glass jar or plastic ? 
is it as low as some of the reviews indicate 
how many oz cups does it hold ? 
is this blender over 14 '' .. 
can this be used to blend other stuff like tomatoes and onion or it 's just for smoothies 
how do you clean the blade 
what is the voltage of this blender ? 
power voltage for this blender ? 
does it come with an extra vegetables jar ? i seen in somebody 's kitchen they have an extra jar for vege , i was wonder does it included 
what is container made of 
does this product clean stainless steal coffee pot ? 
whats the dilution factor for this ? how much water do i mix with 1 oz of product ? 
how much do you use in 1 pot for 1 cleaning ? 
can squeak'n clean be used on plastic coffee mugs or melamine kitchen ware ? 
is this price for a case of 12 bottles ? 
do the tips rust if they are soaked in the water overnight ? are they made of stianless steel ? 
does this set include a flower nail and couplers ? 
does this set include a ruffle tip ? 
does this set come with instructions illustrations on how each tip can be used ? i 'm a beginner ... thanks ! 
i recently bought a wilton `` dessert decorator pro . '' are these tips compatible with that device , or are they too small ? 
where made & # xff1f ; 
what are the numbers of the tips ? 
do the tips have their numbers printed on them ? ( i just saw a review in wilton 's page about the old set , saying they did n't ! ) : s 
is there a list with the numbers of the tips included in this set ? 
can anyone tell me the dimensions of this pot ? is clear top glass ? asap , please ? 
do ou have to make 12 cups in order for this to work ? will it get hot enough if ou use 4 cups ? 
are there any plastic parts inside ? concerned about plastic heating up , and leaching chemicals into my water coffee . thanks . 
if i want to use a paper filter ( since we do n't grind coffee beans ) which ones would be recommended ? 
noise while percolating is very loud . i can hear it throughout my house , is this normal ? 
i prefer perc coffee & amp ; would like to have electric . do n't like they turn off on their schedule . how long does the perc go for and can i change it ? 
quick follow up..for how long does the fixed perc cycle brew before it stops and considers the coffee done ? does it come out like perc done stovetop ? 
how long is the cord ? cool bottom , for any surface ? will normal coffe work well , for instance folgers or maxwell house which are only one grind ? 
do you like this percolator over others ? trying to decide if i should go with this instead of automatic drip coffee pot . does this taste better ? 
does the water coffee touch any plastic at all ? 
can you slice potatoes or make hash brown 's with it . or chop nuts or hard things 
bought this processor and having a hard time removing the blade . any suggestions ? 
i got this machine and when i started to use it , it would not turn on . i checked all parts and even my electrical outlets . any pointers ? 
what is the wattage ? 
i learned that this can not make dough . can i buy a separate attachment for a dough hook for this ? 
does it have a dough kneading blade ? 
watts 
does this set come in full size not queen or king 
does this come with the shams ? 
would this need a bedskirt , or would a king size one hang to the floor ? 
where is this bedspread made ? 
it is listed as a duvet coverlet , can it be used as a bedspread ? 
can you tell me the color on the back of the quilt ? 
i received my bedspread today . i see it is a king . will it fit my queen ? i went to the order site and it is posted as `` queen king . '' 
what bed ruffle would look good with this quilt ? 
does it include shams ? 
i just painted and my room is beige and turquoise ( green with a hint of blue ) is the color true to what amazon shows ? 
is the back cardboard or wood laminate 
the amazon description of this bookcase says that it has 1 fixed shelf and 3 adjustable shelves . is this accurate ? other colors say 2 fixed shelves . 
has the quality of material got any better ? 
how deep are the shelves ( 8 inches 12 inches ) ? 
how tall are each of the shelves ? 
is the wood particle board ? 
what size over all ? 
what is the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions 
what weight can the shelf support safely ? 
what are the measurements 
can this shelf be disassembled and reassembled in case of a move ? 
anyone have the measurements of the box without disassembling ? in inches 
so this is a real mattress ? thanks in advance 
is this mattress the same on both sides ? i want one that i can flip . 
is it a soft mattress or firm mattress ? i prefer a soft mattress . also , i am 5 11 & amp ; over 200 pounds . why would n't be comfortable for me as my only bed 
can this be flipped or is only one side usable ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin box it is delivered in ? 
how can a mattress be rolled and not be destroyed ? 
is it considered firm ? i am looking for an extra firm mattress . 
i see that the mattress is made in the usa , but does anyone know where the materials come from ? 
is this price of $ 99.03 for a set of 2 twin bunk bed mattresses or only one ? 
does it smell ? 
does it fit a standard twin box spring mattress 
does it need a box spring 
has anyone tried rolling and repacking this ? i 'm wondering if it 's easy to pack up after using it . 
the part that folds up in half - is that a solid flat plywood type piece on top of those metal slats ? 
what are the dimensions of the box this comes in ? 
have there been any problems with squeaking ? 
does this work with a bed frame that has wooden slats for support ? also is it ok with a traditional mattress ? some of the reviews mention memory foam 
do you know where to buy replacement cushions for these in red perhaps ? 
what is this chair made of ? 
in the photos the chair looks like it comes with gray cushions and some photos it looks like a purple . just wanting to know which one it comes with . 
what is the weight limit of the chair ? 
can you use the chair without the cushion ? 
what is the seat height-distance from the ground ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat cushion ? 
can this sit out in the whether uncovered . 
what is the thread count ? 
is the outside of this comforter actually 100 % cotton or is it a cotton polyester blend ? 
what is the length and width ? 
will a 13.3 inch tablet fit in it ? 
does anyone know if the gogo pillow will hold the ipad while it is in the ipad case ? 
does this fit a kindle fire 
will this fit the ipad air ? 
will it fit a nextbook 8 ? 
will it fit inside the pillow while contained in a case ? 
will it fit a 10 inch toshiba ? 
does it come in chevron print 
does it come with the backpack ? 
do these fit the ipad minis ? ? 
is the pulp control `` variable '' eg , `` medium pulp '' vs either or pulp ? 
is it produced in korea ? 
it says model hu on amazon , but hh in product details . is this the hh version with smoothie option ? 
is this the 2014 hh elite ? or a different version ... i want that one ... thanks 
is this a self-cleaning model ? 
can i use this model at 220v as well ? 
specifically with concord grapes : do you have to remove seeds before processing ? 
is this one 110v or 220v ? 
sorry want to ask , for this model [ hh model ] the electricity is 110watt or 220watt . because i live in indonesia that electricity is 220watt . thanks 
can you make smoothies with frozen fruits , or just fresh ones ? 
how much iced tea can you brew at one time ? 
where can i get a new glass container for my ice tea maker . broke mine 
does the design of the basket allow some water to remain there after the cycle is complete so the tea can steep for as long as the user wishes ? 
can anyone confirm what temperature the boil water is in the leaf seeping chamber ? hs says 204 & deg ; f , but i just tested my mr.coffee which is 175 & deg ; f 
how wide is the opening of the pitcher and do you carry a lid that fits ? 
can you use your own pitcher or do you have to use the one provided ? 
is it made in usa ? 
does this unit contain bpa ? 
what is the height of the tea maker from counter to the top of the unit ? 
i want something super simple . is this simple to operate ? 
i have an old gymboss that i love ; however , i really need something that provides more than 99 intervals . what is the max number of intervals on this ? 
can this be worn like a watch or does it only clip on your shorts shirt ? if it can be worn on the wrist is the wristband sold separately ? 
it 's great that it vibrates - can you adjust the volume of the chime alarm ( to be quieter in a gym ) ? 
can you start stop the timer without hearing any beep ? sometimes you want to start stop it without any noise . 
how long does the battery last ? 
looking for device that will not only set interval times but also track overall distance and average speed . will this device perform all functions ? 
is this stoneware or the typical lightweight corelle ware ? 
do corelle get hot to the touch in the microwave ? 
are the corelle dishes microwave safe ? 
what is the warranty for this design ? i noticed this design has 5 % more porcelain and 5 % less vitrelle than the `` regular '' corelle designs . 
are the cups all stamped made in usa ? i do not want the ironstone cups . 
are there serving peces ( platters , serving bowls , etc . ) that match the corelle swept pattern ? 
why are they so expensive ? 
where is this dinnerware made ? 
does anyone know if this dinnerware set does not contain lead or traces of lead or cadmium ? 
what are the plates and bowls made out of ? 
what country was this set made in ? 
what is the size of the dinner plates ? 
are there any matching serving plates ? 
why is this set so expensive compared with the other corelle sets ? what is the difference ? 
has anyone found square corelle serving pieces that match this ? . 
is is in white or off white 
which photos show the `` coffee '' color ? is it the first 2 photos ( red orange ) or the 3rd photo ( looks black on my screen ) ? thanks ! 
so what are the other colors ? ? ? ? 
is there a matching toilet seat cover available ? 
does this also come with a hand crank ? 
does this maker rotate the paddle or the canister ? ( i have one that rotates the canister only , but i think it would be better to rotate the paddle ) 
is there any directions and recipe comes with it because i never made ice cream at home ? 
can this make smaller batches ? 2 quart at a time ? 1 quart at a time ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have a drain hole near top like plastic version ? 
is the bucket really wood ? and the inside container aluminum ? 
does this machine require that the canister be frozen for so many hours before making ice cream ? 
the paddle inside canister is not spinning , only the canister is spinning , is this normal ? 
i do n't usually like glass lids because of the grease food that usually get between the glass and the metal . is this a problem with this lid ? 
when using the square grill pan ( l8sgp3 ) , why or when do you need the lid especially when you have the pan to grill veggies or tofu ? 
you ought to be able to by the lid cheaper by its self or it in a package with the grill pan . 
can u put this lid in oven too 
can u put lid in oven also 
can the inside unit be mounted against the ceiling so i could run the lines up through the attic and down an outside wall ? 
does the unit come with a mounting bracket for the air handler ? 
size measurement of indoor air handler 
i thought this unit would be pre-charged and did n't need a vacuum pump ? 
can this unit be ran off dc power ? 
does this come with a precharged line set with quick connects , so no $ 450 service call by a refrigeration company is required to commission it ? 
i will have to locate the outside unit about 40 ' from the inside unit . will this change the seer rating ? also is there any drain pipes to run ? 
making sure : this needs to be installed through a wall ? and it both heats and air conditions a room ? how exactly does this install ? 
what is the power consumption on this unit in watts and kva ? 
i do n't see where it gives the dimensions of the inside cube ? 
what shade of blue ? looks teal and that 's what i am looking for but pics can be deceiving . thx 
wat are the dimensions of the bigger cube ? how many inches for height ? 
how would you describe the blue color ? 
size pls 
what is the shade of red ? is it an orange-red ? 
is there a button in the center of top 
what is the weight limit ? 
dimensions 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimension measurements ? 
i 'd like this to match some glossy white shelves but it looks kind of stippled . could i paint them with glossy paint ? 
can you stack these ? 
i will need to take this apart and reassemble multiple times for vendor shows that i 'm considering buying it for . will this be possible ? 
how deep is this cabinet ? 
what material is used in the construction of this cabinet 
what are the measurements of this cabinet ? 
could this cabinet be painted ? 
where 's the specifications 
is this cabinet 15.4 '' at the top where it is fluted , or at the bottom ? if the measurement is at the top , what is the measurement at the bottom ? 
how tall is it 
what is the width of this cabinet ? 
what are the dimensions 
what is the width ? ? ? 
does anyone know how much weight this will hold ? looking to hang a mirror - do n't want to have to clean up if it broke ! ! 
what is the thickest inches this can fit ? i am trying to use it on a cubicle . thank you ! ! 
would this hook fit over a door that is 1.75 inches thick ? thanks ! 
help ! drop down length ? i 'm short . need product drop down 12 '' ~ 19 '' . 
i have very tall doors . what is the length of this ? i want to know how low it will hang from the top of the door . 
i know it is mostly common sense as to using these but was or is there an instruction manual for these ? 
are these bpa free ? 
very satisfied . item came quickly . have n't used yet , i 'm sure it 's fine . but there.is a dark spot on the orange mold-looks like dirt , but ca n't remove . seems picky , but it stands out on that color . can we exchange ? 
can two of these be stack together to make it taller ? 
i need a wine rack that will acommodate over sized bottles . will this one work for bottles that are larger than standard size wine bottles ? 
could you buy 3 of sets and use the shelves of the 3rd unit to increase the capacity of the 1st 2 ? ending with 2 racks of 6 shelves & amp ; 4 extra . 
how long are the shelves ? and can you order more shelves separately ? 
does this rust easily ? i 'm looking for something i can use in a rather damp cellar 
can it hold liquor bottles ( vodka ) or just wine bottles ? 
can i just purchase 1 or 2 extra wine shelves to add to my existing rack ? 
since these shelves are adjustable , is it possible to assemble the unit so that the overall height would be shorter than 34 '' high ? 
how tall is the unit ? 
what is the height please ? what assembly is needed ? 
does the refurbished dc 40 come with attachments 
does it leave scratches on hard wood floors or is it a soft brush of sorts ? 
does the reconditioned dc 40 come with an owners manual ? 
how well does it vacuum pet hair ? 
does it have dual voltage so it can work on 240v too ? 
does this vacuum maneuver well between shagh rug hard wood foors ? also have long haired lab ... will it pick up long dog hair ? ? thanks ! 
does this vacuum come wth tools 
is this bagless 
are these units warranted by dyson for 6 months or a third party ? 
# 2 question the ones i was looking at were purple this is golden color whats is the differance 
is this a joke or something ? 
is this considered a long slot toaster ? how long and wide are the two slots ? 
some reviewers say that it takes forever to brown . is this true ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the voltage of this product is 220 v or 120 ? 
what are the measurements of this toaster ? 
can it be use in singapore with 240v 
are all 5 shelves adjustable ? 
is this the same billy book shelf that is sold for less than $ 60 at the ikea retail store ? 
i am looking to use these for lockers in my mudroom . is the particle board and melamine quality and sturdy enough to stand up to that kind of use ? 
does it make nut butter ? 
is this the recalled product with faulty cannister blade ? 
peak motor horse power is 2.2. but the description says it is 2. is this 2.2-peak-horsepower motor ? 
does it have a pulse function ? 
is this the same as the one sold on the vitamix website for $ 639.00 ? 
will i be able to purchase a 'dry container ' for this vitamix as well ? 
do you offer the european vitamix with 220v aswell ? cinck usable in germany ? ship to germany ? 
does this come with the 7 year warranty from vitamix ? 
from the picture , i can not distinguish this feature . are the variable speed control and pre-set settings a knob or are they touch ? 
do the extra puree and self-cleaned buttons worth the extra $ 150 ? costco sells moel 6300 for $ 500 without these 2 buttons . pls share experience . thx ! ! 
where can i get the instruction manual we lost the one that came with it before we read it 
is the nw pizza stone `` fixed '' . amazon photo shows a removable stone w handles . 
does it cook 14 '' pizzas ? 
i have this unit but can not for the life of me get the stone to stop smoking . it fill the house up with smoke and the stone is clean 
what comes with it . 
will it cook an 12 '' pizza 
is the pizza stone `` fixed '' . - 
does this super heat the room ? making pizza is usually a fall winter endeavor in my house because the gas oven produces too much ambient heat . 
can you cook frozen pizzas on this ? 
where can i buy a replacement stone ? mine is pretty worn out ? 
i will leave soon usa does the product fits to 220 v ? 
is there a service in us ? 
can i use any type of magnetic strip to block off an area ? 
i have pet birds . will it pick up bird seed and shells like from a peanut ? 
is the iclebo able to learn house layout in daytime and apply it to work in the dark ? 
is the iclebo better than the neato in not sucking in very light area carpets . 
can you put a swiffer pad on it , for mopping purposes ? 
does it have a problem vacuuming large black rugs ? 
does product have `` cliff detection '' we have a large open balcony with cable handrail that vacuum could drive under and fall to first floor . 
is this a dry or wet mop 
can i place a travel mug on the platform ? it looks tall enough at 16 '' , but i like to hear from someone who owns one . 
how long does the coffee stay warm ? 
is there a light at the fill bar 
is this programmable to set the night before ? 
can you put a tall to-go mug under the spout with ease 
is the water tank removable ? 
is the drip plate plastic on this model 
which permanent gold filter fits best in the hb brew station 47701 ? based on reviews the recommended by hb # 80675 does n't 
why ca n't you just use the tea infuser as a fruit infuser ? why buy a fruit infuser that does n't even work as well in filtering ? 
is there a big benefit with the infuser versus just putting the fruit directly into the water ? 
which pitcher does it go with then ? 
does this have a top or is the top open ? 
does anyone know if this infuser well fit the teavana pitcher that 's the same size ? they look almost identical . 
what is the diameter 
will this tea infuser screw into the top of a fruit infuser plastic pitcher ? the tea infuser i have with my glass pitcher is not interchangeable . 
does the infuser include a twist on cap so that i can use it inside a 1 2 gallon mason jar for sun tea ? 
mixed reviews on cold brew coffee on here . have you tried it ? how much coffee grounds could it hold of course grind ? 1 cups worth ? 
how tall is it without the extender ? 
does it come with a lid 
does this infuser include the extender ? 
will this fit in the takeya 2qt air tight drink maker ? 
how many ounces ? 
anyone know the dimensions of these containers ? 
do the containers nest for storage ? 
what country are these made in ? 
is this okay for freezer use ? 
does the lid have a silcone seal in it ? 
what are the lids made of ? 
what is the power of rollie egg master watts ? please 
voltage 
hello , this can be shipped to you in singapore ? 
hi will you ship to the uk ? 
you send to brazil ? how much costs the shipping ? 
what else can you cook 
does it have to be plugged in ? 
how much volt ? 220 or 110 
why the eggs stuck inside and can not come out ! ! ! ! 
is it a two pin or 3 pin plug ? 
can you get flavored drink mixes ? 
how do i replace the co2 adapter didnt come with my flavorstation 
what comes with the primo flavorstation model 110 ? 
can you buy extra bottles for this item ? do the soda stream bottles work ? 
incrude co2 cylinder ? if incrude co2 cylinder , can i receive empty co2 ( removed co2 ) cylinder ? 
will the containers work with the flavor-station 140 ? mostly i want an xtra co2 cannister . 
where can you buy flavor syrups ? 
what does this kit include ? 
i just purchased the 110 and ordered a 1l bottle off of amazon . do i need a longer stem to charge a 1l beverage ? it looks too short . 
do you ship to hawaii ? 
does it have double zipper for easy asses 
are the pillowcases in white , as shown in the picture ? and would u happen to carry this in a smaller size , 54 inches or 52 inches ? 
are these egyptian cotton or sateen ? the title says `` egyptian cotton '' , the description says both , and the package it came in says `` 100 % sateen '' . 
what color are these ? 
what color are the pillowcases ? 
have you experienced shrinkage , since it is 100 % cotton ? i want to avoid struggling with a tight case on my pinzon basic body pillo 
also , is this from a smoke-free facility ? 
have any of the rhinestones gone missing from your hangers ? 
how do you open the hook , when i pull up on the left side it is not opening 
does this have a rubber flat part that goes against the table or is it all metal ? 
help ! i bought the clover leaf ( above ) and can not open it . 
how to use it ? 
where can i purchase new heap filters for this product ? ? ? ? ? ? 
how big of a room does it work in 
what is the size of the area it covers ? 
does it really kill germs ? i know tests where done on some uv lights and thay did not kill any germs . 
can it be used on food ? ( fruit and salad ? ) how long do you have to expose the item to the light ? 
can uv light kill all kinds of bacteria 
so does the light make the germs visible to the human eye ? 
how can a small ( or even large ) uv light kill a bed bug ( unless you simply hit it on the head with the wand ) ? 
how many watts is the light bulb ? 
dimensions ? 
where can you get new bulbs for it ? 
what is the height and width between the holes ? will this stand fit an lg ln5300 ( 42 '' ) . the 4 holes on the tv 's back are 8 inches apart . 
does this have to be mounted into the wall , or does it stand free ? 
how high is the table top ? how high can the tv be mounted ? 
will this stand accommodate a vizio 50 inch tv ? 
would a 32 '' tcl roku tv fit on it ? i '' m worried a 32 '' might be a bit small . anyone know ? 
this is a very nice and not so expensive stand . the tv is a little tilted and i ca n't seem to find the reason . 
i have a samsung 32 `` flat screen will the holes line up ? 
would this work for a 60 '' tv ? 
will i be able to mount a samsung un46h5203 46-inch ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
does it have a bad odor ? some reviews on other mats report odor thank you 
is this mat soft feeling , the tile in the shower hurts my feet 
my wife has bad feet and the shower floor hurts , is the interdesign stall mat soft on the feet . thx for your help 
what is the size of this mat ? ? 
does it drain well ? will it work on textured shower floors ? 
is it machine washable ? 
are both sides printed or just one side ? ? ? 
does this come in 72 ' length ? 
whats the length of this cover does it fit a 20x54 pillow which seems to be standard 
can these towels be used to dry stainless steel cookware ? 
how many towels ? 12 ? 
are these towels good for cleaning car windshields ? 
is the blue stripe ticking woven into the cloth , or is it printed ? 
are the yellow towels the soft gold or bright yellow , the pics show both ? 
are the towels wrinkle free ? 
what does 24 oz . mean in describing the towel ? i ca n't imagine that could mean it is a pound and a half . my bath robe weighs less than a pound . 
do the napkins have a blue stripe as pictured or are they solid white ? 
are all the colors a dozen for $ 20 ? the towels with the blue stripe show 12 in the picture , but the other colors ( eg gold stripe ) show only 6 . 
what is the supported voltage of this model ? will it work in australia ( 220v ) ? 
i want to know that is free-voltage product . is this need to connect the wires for the transformer in south korea ( 220v ) ? or just need a adoptor ? 
how abut the warranty at over sea ? like taiwan ? and should it support ac 110v ? thanks . 
i have the dc-47 and the beater brush works well on hard wood floors , but when i do the carpet , the brush slowes down or stops . i checked all hoses fo 
i am debateing between dc 39 and dc 47. any suggestions ? 
can i remove the rigid stick part and just use the flexible hose ? i 'm trying to find a vac for cat towers ( those multi-tier carpeted structures ) 
is it supported the `` dyson asthma & amp ; allergy kit '' ? 
what is the dimension of shipping package ? 
is dyson dc47 cordless 
how wide is brushroll ? 
how long is the cord ? and where does it come out ? 
how long does it take to make two slices of toast to golden brown ? this is for an office and speed matters in the morning . 
is this toaster cool on the outside ? 
does it toast evenly ? 
where is this made ? 
what are the exact measurements ? 
do any of the selection lights stay on when just being plugged in , using power ? 
i just got a toaster that can not toast my toaster strudel , can this toast toaster pastries ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
is this a 220 volt toaster 
does it toast english muffins ? 
how long is the cord ? 
how hot does this toaster get on the outside when toasting toast or bagels ? is it too hot to touch or just warm ? 
does the cord stow away or retract in any way ? 
are the sides black or brushed stainless ? 
dimensions ? ( maybe i missed it , but i did n't see any ) . thanks 
do the numbered settings on the dial 'tick down ' to zero after you press down the lever ? or will the numerical setting stay set after each toasting ? 
do the numbered settings on the dial 'tick down ' to zero after you press down the lever ? or will the numerical setting stay set after each toasting ? 
where is this toaster manufactured ? 
how long are the slots ? only the width is referenced in the description . 
how many watts ? 
what cookware can be used for this burner ? 
is this 110 volts or 220 ? 
i am looking to have a s'mores bar at my wedding . can these heat up enough to melt a marshmallow on a stick ? 
can one set the burner to click off after a certain number of minutes ? 
i see the watts are listed , but do you know what temperature the burner can reach ? 
it is made in usa or made in china ? ? 
how hot does it get . 
the cord is in back ? and i can put it in a normale outlet ? 
does it require special pans ? 
what is the watts on each burner ? 
does it have a warranty ? 
could you please tell me if this red 3 in 1 breakfast maker comes with an oven tray ? 
is the griddle removable to make cleaning easier ? 
what are the dimensions of the toaster over part ? 
oh , also , can you toast two pieces of toast side by side ? thanks ! 
does it have a removable crumb tray ? i had something similar once and it had no removable tray ! 
this unit does not look red it looks orange i need a deep red what color is this ? ? 
hello can the coffee maker be used for hot water for tea only 
does it come with a little tray for the oven ? 
is the input voltage 110v ? 
how tall is the coffee carafe ? can i use coffee mug to make just one cup ? 
how big is the oven area ? it is hard to tell with the monster-sized cinnimon roll in the photo . 
cand you use this griddle to boil something ( spagetti os ) 
does this have an automatic shut-off timer for all 3 functions ? 
can i use it in uk where the voltage is 220 ? 
how many watts does this item use ? 
does the round griddle pan come out for cleaning or is it part of the unit ? 
is it possible to separate the coffee maker and just use the toaster , oven and grill ? we already have a keurig 
what are the dimensions of the bag 6x15x3 does not seem reasonable 3 inches would not hold much of a loaf of bread ? 
does the packaging say what kind of plastic they 're made from ? i do not trust the phrase , `` meet fda requirements for use in food applications '' . 
will this fit a small round loaf ? about 4 '' high and 8 '' across ? 
do you slice the bread before using the bag ? 
is it a 2 gallon bag ? 
do these bags freeze well ? 
do these bags fit over a 2 lb loaf of bread machine bread ? thanks ! 
where are these bags made ? 
can the baking mat ba used for food other than pastry ? 
the measurements at the top of page do n't match the measurements in the product description . can someone please clarify the exact measurements ? thanks 
has anyone used this mat in their dehydrators ? looking for a good mat to use on my racks in my weston dehydrator ... they are 16 x 14 ... trimming ok 
can it be used for casseroles and baking cake or brownies ? 
how thick is this mat ? 
does using the mat change the temp needed to cook items at ? cook times ? 
can you use metal utensils ( spatula ) on the mat ? 
1. where are these made ? 2. are they bpa free ? 3. are they dishwasher safe ? 
has anyone else had issues with this mat giving off an odd smell while in the oven and also leaving a weird taste to whatever is baked on it ? 
where is this item manufactured ? 
where is this made ? thank you . 
what kind of wood is this and how do you clean it ? 
are the knives good ? 
what size is this set ? 
where are these made ? 
kids lunch box ? i did 
if you twist or pinch the silicone does the color turn to white ? 
how do you fill them easily , esp with thicker contents like yogurt ? 
how many ounces of fluid does each mold hold ? thank you . 
i got the package today . where can i get the recipe as you mentioned with free 5 recipe smoothie e-book ! ! 
does it work with a low sugar protein drink ( premier ) ? it does n't work with the zoku popsicle maker because of the low sugar . 
do these smell `` plasticky '' after washing ? 
do they leak ? 
will this work for coats ? how much weight will it hold ? i need a coat rack for approx . 25 coats . 
is it collapsable 
what is the maximum vertical hanging space ? ( will it accommodate 60 '' or 65 '' gowns without dragging them on the floor ? ) 
what is the minimum height and depth for this rack ? i 'd like to move it in and out of a walk-in closet with a low door . 
has anyone traveled with this rack by plane ? and has anyone found a case that works well to carry it ? 
can this be used without the wheels ? if so , what is the minimum height from the floor to the top of the bar . 
is there any kind of zippered plastic cover that can fit over the rack when full ? 
trying to put this together and the top bar is much longer than the base . this is without the extenders . did i get a defective one ? 
can you put an adjustable hanging closet rod on it ? 
what is the height and depth ? the way measurements are given , you do n't know which is which ? 
need to know the inside dimensions , will the 9.75x6.75x1.75 pan fit inside ? ? ? 
i need to know the total depth from wall to handle , with appliance plugged in . ( including plug ) can anybody help with this ? 
the specs.say that the toaster oven is over 15 '' in height , yet i keep seeing that the answer is 8 '' high . which is it ? 
how is it for broiling 
does this unit have the slots on each side for the under the under the cabinet mount ? 
will this item fit into the spacesaver under the cabnet mount ? 
does the depth dimension of 9.5 '' include the handle ? plan on storing inside cabinet so this dimension important . 
how many heating elements on top and bottom of this oven ? 
what is the measurement of the baking pan that you are given originally . i need to replace it but i do n't know what size to get . 
are the two mattresses included in this purchase ? 
would you use the same size mattress for both trundle and main beds ? or are they different ? 
does it come with a matress or is that seprately ? if it does with how many ? 
so 2 adults can comfortably use this bed ? 
the photo of the `` black '' daybed makes the upholstery appear 2-toned . is this the case ? 
how hard is this to assemble ? 
one reviewer says it takes a full size mattress rather than a twin . is that accurate ? 
do you need an xl twin mattress for the top and a standard twin for the trunde ? 
what is the weight limit for the bed ? 
will an extra long mattress fit on the top ( not trundle ) so long as it is regular thickness ? i.e. , 78 '' ? 
what is the correct weight limits for the bottome and top bunks ? i see different answers below . 
exactly how far does the ladder stick out from the bed on the ground ? i 'm trying to determine how much floor space i need to have to fit the bed ladde 
what is the weight capacity for the queen bed ? 
is the review that says the bottom of the bed is not a queen ? if the measurements are correct it should be ? ? ? 
this bed does n't come with bunk boards , but slats . are there enough to support a queen mattress on the bottom without a box spring ? 
can the two beds be separated and used separately ? 
so , why does n't it say right upfront that it requires an extra long twin mattress ? 
can a trundle bed fit underneath if the ladder is removed ? 
i am confused that some say this does not fit a queen . what are the dimensions of the mattress that fits on the bottom ? and is the ladder removable ? 
in inches , what is the size of the box ? what is the depth of the box ? 
what are the dimensions of the boxes ? 
what are the dimensions ? it says 50 x 30 x 20 centimeters in the title , and 50 x 30 x 20 inches in the product description . which is it ? 
is the cushion comfortable ? 
what is the depth ? 24 '' ? 
what is the maximum weight this bench can take ? 
how durable is the surface ? real bi-cast leather ? puncture proof ? recommended for someone with kids pets ? 
what are the inside dimensions please ? 
does the mechanism for the lift top have the potential to pinch little kid fingers ? 
if i have a black leather set , will this ottoman match ? i see that some reviewers have mentioned that the color is almost black , but the description says dark brown . 
still wondering ... has everyone received the ottoman in dark brown ? or have some received a black ottoman ? 
just got this ottoman but have a question : do you install the wood legs and the wheels together or do you have to choose one or the other ? 
what is the size of this butter dish ? 
is the dish lead free ? is it non-toxic ? 
where is this dish made ? 
where is this butter dish made ? 
is this vacuum safe to use on hardwood floors or carpets only ? 
what does it weigh 
will this work well on medium pile shag carpet ? 
i have bare floors , 2 cats that shed and get litter everywhere , does this pick up cat hair and litter ? 
has anybody found an effective way to bolt the cardboard cutout to the ground ? ( mine keeps moving every time i look away ) 
does this cardboard cut out fold up ? 
would it be possible to cut the wings off to use in a costume ? or to buy two to do this ? is the second wing is blocked by the body ? thoughts ? 
the size is given as 70x44 ... i 'm assuming that 's inches , right ? 
is it too . hard ? 
does anyone using this wedge sleep on their side , and is it a problem ? 
is this wedge pillow more comfortable to sleep on , than the medslant wedge pillow ? 
does this wedge sleep hot ? 
i know this comes with a cover , but where can i get another cover to put on it ? 
does it have a smell ? what is ur return policy ? 
how many watts does the motor have ? 
does it come with a bowl cover ? 
i want to mix cookie dough and cake batter using the 7 liter bowl , do i have to switch to the smaller bowl to use the `` double beater with a 3.5 l bowl '' ? 
what 's the smallest batch of bread that i can make ? 
where could i buy for a 220 240v model 
is it 110 or 220 
where is this product made ? 
i have the older dlx model - can you whip just one egg white with the whip attachment ? i 'm contemplating getting the plastic bowl & amp ; whip attachments . 
we own a 2000 dlx assistent in need of repairs . the info in books tells us to go to appliance repair . our gears need work help ! 
how much weight in lbs does this hold 
can i adjust the width of this ? is it really 126 inches wide ? 
are we able to detach the curtains and put up our own color ? 
are the clothes at the top hard to reach ? i 'm 6'0 feet . cause i dont think i want to use the stick all the time to reach the clothes . 
will this product work with a suspended ceiling ? ! 
can we buy additional wire basket shelves ? 
does it damage the ceiling during use ? will it work on carpet ? 
will this fit an 8ft tall ceiling ? 
what is the over all size of this painting ? and how fast will i get it ? 
does the painting come with hooks to hang it ? 
why does n't my painting have the same details as the painting represented by the image posted on amazon ? 
hello painting is framed or rolled ? 
what are the dimensions of this project ? 
i read a review that said the painting smelled very chemically and was concerned about how safe this is ? 
would it look similar to this ? with the clouds , moon detail , water reflection and ripples ? 
is this painting that poor , or poorly stretched 
how much total space does this take up ? 
the hanging brackets that came with these nice paintings are a little confusing . i am unsure on how to mount the hooks and screws . 
does this unit ( model : xo1-ctc ) support the xo reverse osmosis upgrade ? 
what is the height from the spiggot to the platform and also , form the spiggot to the countertop ? 
hi , how often do i need to change filters ? how much are they ? couldnt find them on amazon ... 
this unit just hooks into a water line correct ? 
is it sealed , stainless steel reservoir too just like bdx1-ctbk ? 
what size are the pillowcases , queen or standard ? 
is the top sheet attached to the bottom sheet ? 
is top sheet attached to bottom sheet ? 
do they wrinkle a lot ? 
how deep are they , i have additional 4 '' foam mattress topper will these fit ? 
how deep are the pockets on these sheets ? will they fit up to 12 inches ? 
has anyone used these sheets for a queen pop up camper ? 
do these sheets have an angled corner ? we have a rv with a corner bed that has an angled corner . thanks 
how long have you had it ? is it still working and do you use it regularly - like 2 3 times a week ? 
i want to buy this product , just wanted to make sure , is plug fits to sockets we have here in usa or do i need a adapter plug ? 
dear butterfly team , can you please sell only jars ? i have been using this mixer grinder for more than a year and the small jar is n't working ... 
my current butterfly mixer ( bought from india ) broke after nearly 7-8 years of usage..all the reviews has left me confused..to buy or not from amazon ? 
i have mixer grinder ( emerald value ) ,750w motor , 4 jars . motor is not working . is this product compatible with the jars that i already have ? 
how many years of warranty will be there for this mixi ? ? 
does it have power cable that suits us style power plug ? 
mine stopped working the very first use . i tried pressing the reset button . it pops back . how should i reset it ? 
i saw some reviews that it 's very difficult to open ? is this true or is there some trick ? 
the foam rubber pillow i have right now is too soft and i am a side sleeper . i ca n't decide between the high or lower pillow . help 
after undergoing yet another hip replacement dislocation looks like i 'll have to sleep on my back long term . what would be the best loft and firmness ? 
how thick is the standard pillow ? 
should the pillow and cover have come in sealed plastic bags ? the box i received already had the two stickers unsealed and bags open . 
i am very small at 4'11 '' with very little distance between my shoulder and head when i sleep on my side . i find almost all pillows are too high for me . i hate memory foam and prefer down because i actually enjoy the feeling of `` sinking in '' to my pillow ... 
would anyone know what the height of the high loft and the low loft is ? thanks ! 
i have neck paini want a pillow not to firm or thick what do you reccomend ? 
this broke after about 1 month of use . i followed all the directions . any ideas what went wrong ? pump is stuck . 
do i have to use the suction cup ? or can i remove the suction cup and just have it setting on the counter ? 
what kind of plastic is the soap pump made out of ? 
is the body glass ? 
will the pack in the house tell you also what the food temp is , or does it just tell you the grill smoker temperature ? 
how long are the cords for the probes that are included ? 
will this unit work with another of the same running together , without each interefering with the others ' signal ? 
where can you purchase a longer probes ? 
how do the become wireless if they come with 3 foot long cords ? 
why is this considered a 'special edition ' 
do i need a special tool to open the battery cover on the thermometer unit ? 
where is it made ? 
do you ship this item to europe ? does the appliance work with a 110v to 220v converter ? thank you 
does this juicer have the yellow juicer strainer 
does this work on portugal with 220-230v ac ? 
i own this juicer , and the plastic bowl cracked during use , now the juicer wo n't stay on . where do i get new parts ? 
how much does it weight ? 
how do i order a parts and a replacement manual ? 
is the plastic auger bpa free ? 
does this machine comes with the 4-day juice infusion plan , 50 recipe booklet , easy juicing color wheel and to go cup ? 
do you find that it does not juice greens very well ? 
what is the size of the chute please ? 
is the 'express ' the same as the regular smart living steam mop ? 
my smart living not working 
where do i find replacement pads 
can i get replacement smart living pads model number 7603 ? 
do you sell the replacement pads for the original smart living steam mop ? 
will you take $ 100 for it ? 
can you use on hardwood ? 
how small do they go down ? would they fit in a pair of little girl 's shoes ( toddler size 11 ) ? thanks 
my husband wears size 12 width eee but because of his feet being swollen -- the shoes fit tight -- would these stretchers work on the width ? 
does this product work on open toe shoes 
do they work with sneakers trainers ? 
could you use these to stretch the heels , the very back of the shoe ? 
can you use these for zippered dress boots ? 
shoe stretcher 
will they stretch the toe only , as in not the width ? 
will these work to stretch the shaft of a knee high boot ? 
does this work on all material shoes ? 
what is the inner diameter of the steamer pot ? 
where is this made ? made in usa ? 
how small is the hole ? 
will this work on induction cooktop ? 
this is just for one pump ? 
how many dispensers come with this ? 
is the lid a copper color , as well , or is it another color , and if so , what color ? 
i know the dimensions are 16 '' x12 '' , but how thick ? ( 1 2 '' ,3 4 '' ? ) thanks for any help ! 
can i knead dough on it ? i 'm kneading on a counter now and it 's a pain to clean as i can not bring counter to my sink . 
can it be used on a gas grill ? how well will it cook ? 
how does this come packaged ? 
can you use this on a grill ? if so what max temp does it suggest you can use it with ? 
do you make the pizza on it and then place it in the oven or do you make the pizza on a peel and slide it onto the already hot stone ? 
how thick is the stone ? 
does the burner shut off if pan is left on too long ? 
what is the diameter of the cook surface and what are the overall dimensions ? 
what is the difference between the 7100 and the 8100 ? 
someone mentioned something about the bottom of the pan surface ... could i use a round chinese wok with this..i assume it only heats what is touching . 
can you use stainless panswith this burner ? 
the description says `` 10 temperature range from 140 & deg ; f to 460 & deg ; f '' , can anyone tell me what the temperatures are ? 
does it makes noise when cooking ? 
does it take a long time to boil a large pot of water for pasta ? 
does this duxtop induction burner have an automatic shut-off in case someone forgets a pan on the burner and it starts to burn ? 
what is the wattage ? is it 1800 watts 
how deep is this dish ? 
is it made in usa 
what is the white layer on the bottom of the bakeware 
will it keep coffee hot 
does it fit in cup holder in the car ? 
is the purple on the outside of this container paint ( that will eventually get scratched ) or a silicone cover ? 
is this like a straw cup or sippy cup ? is there any difference from the foogo series ? 
where can you buy replacement straws ? i ca n't find them on the thermos site . 
how about condensation ? will it `` sweat '' all over my school aged child 's desk ? 
where can i buy replacement straws for this 16 ounce size ? i ca n't seem to find any online . 
the product page says its a 16ounce water bottle . however the description says it only holds a 12 ounce capacity . which size is this thermos bottle ? . 
is it made in japan ? 
can anyone tell me the part number for this particular bottle ? it is listed under the plastic cap- usually a letter and number combination ? thanks 
is this thermos spill proof ? 
does it keep beverage warm or hot ? it only says 'cold for 12 hours ' . and how long can it keep the water drinks like poured at the beginning 
does this bottle `` sweat '' ? i 'm looking for something that my son can keep on his desk that will keep his water cold but wo n't leave a ring on his desk . 
is this funtainer good for hot drinks as well ? 
does the straw work well with smoothies ? i tend to make them super thick and leave frozen berry chunks . 
do you think this could be used for storage of protein powders supplements in the refrigerator ? how large is the opening ? thank you ! ! 
does it share the same size of cap with the 12oz bottles ? 
where is this made ? 
is it a straw bottle ? 
can you please tell me what number is there on the inside of the lid ? i still have some straws left for our f-401 thermos funtainer bottle , and i am w 
what are the sizes of the 3 knives i could n't find them ? 
are these blade using petec technique ? 
is there a life-time guarantee 
do these come in reusable packaging for storage or travel ? 
what is the difference between wusthof and wusthof ii 
the base comes apart , are you meant to fill with water and freeze before using ? 
will they stack nicely ? 
do the two pieces actually snap together ? or does the colored part just rest inside the clear . having trouble with mine . 
how much ice cream does this hold ? 1 quart etc ? thanks . 
will it freeze the fresh home made ice cream also ? 
is this a bpa free product ? 
how wide , side to side is this ice cream tub on the inside ? great package design ! 
how long will homemade icecream keep when stored in the freezer , in this container ? 
the manual mentions a wire bowl guard that is not shown in the product pictures . can the mixer be turned on used if the bowl guard is not in place ? 
is this the lift stand style ? 
how large a doughor batter can this handle ( how many pounds cups of flour ) ? 
are all the beaters and dough hook stainless steel ? 
what is the coverage period of time manufacturerwarranty ? the optional `` 3-yr. warranty '' , would that be in addition to the manufacturer 's warran 
i am interested in the ksm8990 mixer but want to know if this can be used in new zealand or does it have a different power requirement ? thanks 
do you do international shipping ? i 'm starting a business in china and wondering if you offer international shippings and what the rates are ? 
what are the height measurements of the mixer ? i want to make sure it fits under my cupboards . 
what else works with this 8qt model ? sistersrus ' review says 6qt bowl from old mixer works . do all 6qt bowl blade shield work with this ? 
does the 8 qt . handle large batches of heavy bread dough better than the kitchenaid pro700 7 qt . model.or is it the same motor and gear ratio . 
how many ounces is each square ? 
does anyone own the brambleberry 9 cube mold ? how does this compare ? 
what are the measurements of each cavity lxwxd ? i need a 2x2x2 inch mold for chocolate candy 
is the diameter at the top of the cavity the same as the bottom diameter ? 
what are the dimensions of the squares ? 2x2 , 3x3 ? 
could someone tell me how much liquid fits in the cell of each mold ( 1 4 cup or more ? ? ? ) thank you ! 
i see reviews for the oval one , , does anyone use this cfor candles or soaps ? is it really 2 x2 and 1.9inches tall ? 
are these stackable ? if i have a few , will they sit inside each other ? do these nest ? 
i would like to use these for brownies ... what is your experience ? thank you ! 
are these safe to use in any type of oven ? 
does this work well with crusty hard shell breads like baguettes ? 
is this knife full tang ? 
the zyliss yellow version bread knife was known to rust . anyone have that happen with this black model ? 
is this knife serrated ? the description says so but it does n't look like it in the picture . 
is this knife manufactured in china ? 
what 's the measurement of this knife ? does it rust ( and if it does ) is it noticable on the black ? 
what type of metal , exactly , is the blade ? 420 stainless ? something else ? 
how large an oven is needed for it to fit inside and cook properly ? 
ca n't find instructions . how much water and how long for spagetti ? 
i would like to know if your product is bpa free plastic..fda approved and if its made in the usa ? 
is the cooking process the same if i 'm cooking fettuccine , macaroni , or other types of noodles ? 
would this work well for other things , such as heating a corn on the cobb ? could you use it with the lid for the corn cobb ? 
can this be used to cook fresh pasta ? if so , are there are adjustments ? 
does this cook rice ? 
how does this product do with cooking gluten-free pasta ? 
is the plastic safe to microwave ... bp ? -free ? 
can you bake a cake in this ? i thought i read among the hundred of reviews that you could but i do n't remember now . thanks . 
how large an oven is needed for it to fit inside and cook properly ? 
ca n't find instructions . how much water and how long for spagetti ? 
i would like to know if your product is bpa free plastic..fda approved and if its made in the usa ? 
is the cooking process the same if i 'm cooking fettuccine , macaroni , or other types of noodles ? 
would this work well for other things , such as heating a corn on the cobb ? could you use it with the lid for the corn cobb ? 
can this be used to cook fresh pasta ? if so , are there are adjustments ? 
does this cook rice ? 
how does this product do with cooking gluten-free pasta ? 
is the plastic safe to microwave ... bp ? -free ? 
can you bake a cake in this ? i thought i read among the hundred of reviews that you could but i do n't remember now . thanks . 
what is the height from the top of the cutting board to the floor ? 
are any hooks provided for the bar above the cutting surface ? 
does it come assembled ? 
are the legs adjustable to use on uneven floor ? 
can an extra top shelf be ordered ? 
do you need tools to assemble it ? 
is the body chrome ? or stainless or what ? 
would you be able to add wheels to the bottom of the rack , making the unit moveable ? 
hello , i have a max space in my kitchen of 31 '' wide , will this item fit ? 
can you put this together without the middle rack ? 
what does remanufactured mean and how does it compare to the brand new version ? 
how many horse power does it have ? 
does the refurbished one come also with a one year warranty ? 
how loud is it ? 
is there a warranty included in this price ? 
is there a warranty with this remanufactured unit ? 
does this product come with all the parts and accessories that a new one comes with ? 
i want a juicer that will do most veggies and of course apples will this one do the trick with ease or will i need to do a lot of prep work ? 
will the remanufactured last just as long as the new juicer ? does this juicer also include the pulp ? 
is the juice pitcher included ? 
is the spout on the juice bowl short as it is shown in the picture or is it as long as the elite 's juice bowl spout ? 
`` brevill rm-bje820xl '' is $ 271 & # xff0c ; `` brevill bje820xl '' is $ 399 . why `` rm-bje820xl '' is cheaper than `` bje820xl '' , what is the difference & # xff1f ; 
what kind of warranty does it come with and how does it compare to a new model warranty ? 
how do the lids attach to the unit ? 
is it battery powerd or or a c 
does it come with the jars 
what exactly does it do ? does it just slide in and out or do the spices rotate around to help find the one you want ? 
does anyone have the dimensions on this ? i have the original kitchenetix version of this which is now 30 years old and still working . 
how easy is it to replace the batteries ? 
how many bottles-jars will it hold ? 
anyone know where i can buy extra jars and lids for this device ? 
what are dimensions ? need width & amp ; depth to know which cabinet i can mount this under . height=jar tallness+ ? ? for mechanis 
hello , how sturdily is this made ? does the material seem of good quality , and not brittle or too lightweight ? thanks for your input ! 
how long do you let soup heat up ? 
can you pop popcorn in them in the microwave 
any tips on making rice 
is it freezer safe ? 
how would i go about cooking some pasta for a pasta salad ? fill about 1 2 with macaroni , and cover with water ? how long ? 
how do you get the lid off ? 
when do you open the vent ? 
is it bpa free 
are there any cook books for sistema cups ? 
how tall is the unit 
need to know exact side to side measurement with ironing board and iron holder closed . 
what is the length of the irnoing board ( not including the iron holder ) ? 
where can you buy replacement covers and pads ? since it appears to be in 3 pieces . 
can the ironing board be placed to overhang in the other direction ? 
should this ironing board cabinet come with an ironing board cover ? mine did not . only with a pad . 
are the ice balls as clear as the pictures ? 
do these fit in a glencairn whiskey glass ? 
do these stack ? 
what is the diameter of the ice ball cavity ? i need exact measurements as i plan to use these for soap making . 
is the rox ice ball maker dishwasher safe ? 
`` this item ca n't be shipped to your selected destination . '' - amazon . why ? 
where you can find directions for use ? 
where was this product manufactured ? 
is there any way i can make the ice more transparent , with less suspended air bubbles ? 
what are the dimensions of the trays ? 
soy milk 
what is the warranty period ? have owned three different similar products that simply quit after less than a year . 
what can you do to get milk hot 
does it sit on a base or does it plug directly into the wall ? 
where is this unit made ? 
if i use it as milk heater not for cppuccino does it burn the milk or change the color of the milk . i 've used another brand and i was disappointed 
does this get the milk up to a really hot temperature ? i like my froth hot . 
how long doe it take from start to finish ? 
dishwasher ? 
what is the volume ( how many cups of milk i can heat in one time ? ) 
what are the size of the bullet ice cubes when finished ? 
how do you fill it ? 
how do you pour the water in , and remove the ice cubes later ? 
bpa free ? 
will this restore shine to laminate countertops ? 
does anyone know if this can be used on marble ? 
can it be used on corian ? 
i just loved johnson 's jubilee and truly grieved when it disappeared from the shelves . is this the same formula ? 
can it be used on the painted surface of automobiles ? 
why ca n't it be used on stainless appliances ? ? 
why is one product ( kitchen wax ) and another creme color ( kitchen wax and cleaner.. i remember jubilee being whte 
can you use it on hard wood floors 
does it help to prevent fingerprints on refrigerators ? i have a smooth black refrigerator and hate the fingerprints . 
will this restore the shine on a white porcelain kitchen sink ? 
they look like the taco might tip over easily . how stable are these ? 
would these be oven safe at a low degree . it would be nice to put them in a baking sheet at 200 to keep the taco shells warm for a little while . 
are these made in china ? 
what 's included beside the comforter ? any pillow case covers ? bedskirt size ? 
is this an alternative down comforter ? 
for those who purchased the french mediterrane , does it actually look more steel-grey or steel-blue ? or some other shade in natural lighting ? also , i have read a few reviews of bunching and static . what are your experiences in these regards ? 
what are the washing instructions 
king dimensions and weight , please ? 
king dimensions please ? 
what comes with the set ? shams , dust ruffle ? 
king dimensions ? 
how long is the metal stem portion of this thermometer ? 
i purchased the thermometer and have only used it once . it worked well . however , i believe that the `` barbecue temperature reference guide '' listed on the back of the instructions that is part of the packaging is wrong . i am assuming chart is referring ... 
how long does it take to register temperature ? 
how is it for changing the battery ? 
does it have a lighted display ? 
i need a replacement . the battery clip is not fully soldered to the circuit board . how do i do this ? 
can you calibrate it ? 
what is the temperature range . can it be used for deep frying 
how is the book delivered ? does it come in an email to you or do you get it after you purchase ? 
can this be used as a fry thermometer also to check oil temps ? looking for a one-stop-shop meat fry thermometer ... 
is it possible to also purchase the matching fitted sheet and flat sheet as shown in the picture ? 
what is the thread count ? 
do you sell other items to the set , curtains.pillows.etc . m.l 
what is this `` duvet cover '' ? is this a comforter ? or just a cover with no filling ? 
i would like to order the full size set ( 4p cs ) . please let me know how to order.tks 
can i order the curtain panels as well ? what are the measurements and price ? thank you 
hi diadii . i would like to order this light pink lace set along with the matching throw pillows in the x queen size . please let me know how to order 
can i also order the other pillow cases and the heart pillow shown in the picture ? 
how can we get the other pillows pictures , exsmple the heart pillow ? does it fit full bed ? can we get matching accessories for room ? 
do your comforters run small short ? will the queen size fit a full size bed ? 
how good is this spiralizer ? how is it compared to paderno or spiralizer ? i like the price of this slicer but not sure about the quality compared to 
how fine can you make the threads ? 
i hear the spiral slicer comes with free recipes . are they general recipes or specifically those that can be prepared using this product ? 
can you steam the vegtable a little bit after making spirals or will they fall apart ? 
does this spiral slicer work with any other veggies ( or fruits ) besides carrots and zucchinis ? 
where is this product made ? 
should i get this or the more compact one ( the cone shape type ) ? i have a rather small kitchen . 
is the briefton 's logo physical visible on the spiral slicer ? does it wear out after consistent use ? 
does it make wide flat slices ? 
what are the dimensions of the box the slicer is in ? 
where can we buy the replacement hepa filter , and how much does it cost ? 
how many amps ? 
is the brush rotary ? does the belt for the rotary brush last as long as the vacuum cleaner ? 
does this have a hose or anything that allows it to be used for reaching cobwebs in ceiling corners , etc . ? 
does it lay flat for under bed vacuuming ? 
does it have a brush or just a hole that sucks dirt into it ? 
where is this product made ? 
what is material is this made out of ? 
is it bright 
i am confused , does this duvet come with a pillowcase or not ? 
what size is this ? 
are these recent images of them ? what size is this , full or twin ? 
does this come with sheets ? 
is the colors in this cover red or pink ? 
specs list maximum amt weighed , but what is the smallest increment , i.e . does it weigh fractions of ounces ? 
does this model have a `` hold '' to allow reading the weight after a large item is removed ? 
does this weigh in tenths of a gram ? it mentions its accurate to .01 oz which google says is .283g 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the auto power off - 30 , 60 , 90 secs ? or 3 mins , etc . ? thanks ! 
is anyone else suspicious regarding these being made in the usa ? other than william sonoma , i have n't been able to locate others made in the usa & gt ; 
i would like to know the manufacturing information for the made in the usa - statement that is on the listing please . who produces these items ? 
does the package indicate where in the usa these are made , and by whom ? 
i have a different set . will thses start to burn after several uses ? mine do and only used 7x . 
hi do u have pastel colour ( as shown in one of the image ) for these standard size silicone liners ? thanks 
are these food grade - no bad flavor odor in finished baked product ? can these withstand hot oil ( for making yorkies - yorkshire pudding ) ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these cups 100 % silicone , with no fillers ? 
what are the dimensions of the cups please ? 
what is the high heat temp you can go to on these ? 
will it knead bread dough ? 
does the bowl turn by itself ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
could this make rough puff pastry dough ? 
can anyone respond if this is 110v only or also 220v ? 
how transparent are those ? i am considering an led panle behind ... 
what does it mean canvas art with no frame ? please answer as soon as you can . i am wanting to buy this item but want to know what that means . thanks 
so basicly you are buying the peice of paper art and have to place it on the canvas yourself or frame it is that correct ? 
i cant peel theres no way to peel what the easiest way to peel 
the peeling off the art isnt soo easy , is there any other way to apply the art to a canvas 
what kind of board of frame i can buy to glue these poster to hang them ? i ca n't find anything to hang them . i seriously do n't know how to hang them , 
what size board should i get to stick this on to make it look like the image ? 
how much more would it be for the set to come with frames ? 
can i get this with frame 
this came with no instructions . i can not find anything to peel off the back , have been trying for an hour . is there something missing or am i missing 
how do i submit what i want personalized on it ? i did n't see an option to do so . just want to make sure i did it correctly before i check out . 
hi ! i just placed an order and need it personalized . please let me know how to get that accomplished . also , can i put a rush on this order ? i 
when i place the order how do you know how it will be personalized ? 
how do i submit what i want personalized on it ? i did n't see an option to do so . just want to make sure i did it correctly before i check out . 
is this barrel charred on the inside ? 
i want to know if this mattress is made on usa or china ? it does matter to me . 
i need to know what the dimension of the package will be ? 
what is the foam density of the top section of the mattress 
how are the foam layers divided in this 8 '' mattress ? -how many inches of memory foam ? density ? composition , petroleum or plant based ? -how many inches of base foam ? density ? composition , petroleum or plant based ? -composition of removable mattress ... 
what is the size in inches ( wide and length ) ? 
where is this mattress made ? is it china product assembled in usa ? 
what is the firmness of this mattress ? 
does it unpack to the 8 inches as advertised ? 
dose it actually measure 8 inchs deep ? ? 
what length is this mattress 
can it be used for interval training , example 2 minutes repeating cycles ? 
how long does the alarm ring ? is it a single ding , or does it keep on ringing for awhile until you stop it ? i need one that continues to alert until i respond ! thanks ! 
is there a way to turn tmer off ( when not in use ) to reduce preserve battery usage ? 
can you view this timer when `` off axis ? '' that is , are the digits visible and distinct if viewing on an opaque angle , rather than perpendicular ? 
still not sure after reading the different answers to this question : does the `` time 's up '' signal stay on for an extended time - or just ring and run ? 
can you set the timer to not use the alarm function . need it for a gym setting . 
how many hours can this be set for ? thinking of setting at night in case there 's a power outage while sleeping and alarm clock not working . 
can this be used like a stop watch ? 
do the buttons make a beeping noise when pressed ? i need a quiet one that i can set without noise . 
does it light up so that it can be seen in the dark ? 
is there a dfiference between this and the brieftons instantveg spiralizer ? they look identical but with a significant price difference . thanks ! 
did yours come with directions in english , cause mine did n't . where would i go to get them in english 
this is an expensive item , i am concerned i wo n't use all 4 settings . do you find yourself using all 4 ? 
can this be washed in the dishwasher ? that would solve the problem of the sharp blades at the bottom ... thanks ! 
is it a pain to have to cut the veggies just the right size to fit into this cutter ? 
what 's the difference between this and the instantveg , besides being $ 20 more expensive 
does anyone know how to get the lid off ? i just received mine and i am afraid to break the hard plastic . the directions do n't seem to be helpful . 
does this also work accessible for left handers ? 
is this produc bpa free ? 
it appears that the bottom is small . is it larger than it looks , or is there a way to set it over a bowl or pan to cut larger quantities ? 
`` flared u '' shape pastry hook is broken , what can i do ? 
when tilting the mixer 's head back how many inches are from counter to highest spot 
what 's with this `` too noisy '' , `` not too noisy '' in all these reviews ? i like the 7 quart tilt feature . noise ? ok. how many db at 2 feet ? 
how loud is this mixer ? 
will the kitchen aid atachments fit this mixer 
do the beaters spin instead of the bowl ? . 
are there any acceries available such as a meat grinder and others ? 
what aqre th e height length and width dimensions 
is this made in china 
it 's 120v ? 
manufacture date 
has anyone baked bread in the s1800 ? how did it turn out ? 
please advise square footage ( footprint ) , does it take a standard three-prong plug or special wiring ? does it have a fan , i.e.convection cooking ? - t 
can you use the convection and rotisserie features at the same time with this oven ? 
what are the inside dimensions of this oven ? what is the max cookie sheet that fits ? 
confirm the s1800 is white , and what are the exterior dimensions in inches 
will a 13x11 pan fit in this ? 
can i fit a half sheet pan in it ? 
dose this oven have a rotissere 
what are teh exterior dimensions ? 
