our 7 quart mixer measures 16 1 2 inches tall and 10 inches wide at the base . it is about 1 4 inch taller than our 5 quart kitchenaid . our upper cabinet doors are full overlay , so the bottom of the doors are 16 1 4 inches from the base counter top it sets on . therefore we have to place it just right so we can open the upper cabinet doors . it is also heavy , so it stays on the countertop with a plastic cover over it when not in use . do to the weight , you may not want to store it elsewhere if you bake a lot . 
it came with shield and whip , hook and paddle 
110-120 v 
no it does not . instead the mixer head is higher and the bowl moves up and down beneath the head to allow you to add the ingredients . 
i think two years . 
i used an online conversion chart and since the mixer is 1.3 horsepower the wattage would be 969.4098336 watts . hope this helps . 
i checked the kitchen aid website and it says there 's a `` 5 year replacement limited warranty '' on the mixer . i 'm not certain what the 'limited ' actually covers . so , i would contact them yourself . the number is 1.800.832.7173. make a list of all your questions before-hand . hope this helps . 
no . the only draw back about the 7qt . is only 7qt . parts fit it and vice versa . but it is a beast and is very smooth and quiet . 
7 qt . mixer runs on 110v 60 hz house current - so - it does not use 220v . 
we do n't ship out to your location . only within the us mainland . thanks 
on most kitchenaid mixers , all the gears are metal except for one nylon gear . this gear is made to break if the mixer is overloaded or if an object keeps the paddle from moving . it is designed this way to save the motor from damage . it is fairly easy and inexpensive to replace the one gear than to replace the motor . 
yes , the 1-piece pouring & splash shield came with the mixer . it 's much easier to use than the 2-piece on other models . 
the 3 qt combi whip bowl does 
no 
yes it does ... so many attachments you can add . 
it is difficult to move the mixer on our counter top . you must lift it to move it . we have done several large bread and cookie dough batches and it has not moved at all . i am not familiar with the artisan model except we wanted the larger motor and all metal gears for longevity . so far it has not disappointed us . i also read the 7 quart model has a die-cast frame which might be heavier resulting in more grab when sitting on our counter top . so far we have not noticed any movement at all . 
as far as i know , the machine will handle just about anything you can throw at it . i make bread all the time . if the dough is very wet , you would probably use the paddle rather than the dough hook , but i would start with the dough hook to see . 
it mixed some dough that we always had to struggle to do by hand because our previous mixers would n't do it . we think it is the greatest . so i guess the answer to your question is yes . very strong motor . 
mine does the same thing , makes a loud clicking noise when mixing bread or thick cookie dough . kitchenaid 's response was : `` the clicking noise is normal , especially under a heavy load . '' so it is a known problem . personally , i would call this a design defect . no other motorized appliance i have ever used made noises unless it was broken . i may opt for a smaller model or a different brand . 
i saw a recommendation in cooks illustrated magazine . 
the mirror screws onto the back of the desk with two supports that are included . if you do not install the supports and mirrors , you could use it as a desk without holes on the surface . : ) 
33 '' wide , 30 '' height , 16 '' depth 
yes . i have had to re-tighten the screws once but it 's sturdy and will hold 220lbs 
it has an actual drawer . 
the height between each shelf is 13 3 4 inches 
i bought one . it is dark brown . 
there is a single ( drywall ) mount for the top shelf . 
no they are not , but it 's still a great unit 
355ml . 
yes , and the bicycle etched in the bottom . 
i checked both glasses and the answer is `` yes '' . 
yes they get very hot ! you need to use an insulated kitchen glove and set it on a pot holder or trivet . grilling a sandwich they do n't get as hot as grilling a steak . it depends on what you are grilling or if you use it in the oven . i cook with cast iron a lot and have handle covers of silicone or insulated nylon and gloves and pot holders . 
yes , i think it would work for tortillas . i know it will work for sandwiches and toast . the bottom of the lid is smooth and flat . 
yes it is . the press works great over almost everything that you need to cover ( press ) . i use it almost daily . great product ! ! 
i am not aware of a square cover - i have a glass cover that is 10 inches , but i am out of stock right now ... they sell as fast i can get them ... you have chosed the flat iron grill press to ask the question ... are you speaking of a grill press or a lid for a cast iron skillet . i am working on getting more glass covers . 
yes 
the ribs allow the fat to drain , but can be hard to clean . its worth the extra effort . i love mine . 
it does't leave the panini marks on your food . i love mine and use it almost every day . enjoy ... 
yes . i bought this for my mo to store foil and plastic wrap along with zip-top storage bags . i works great . 
it fits tight on my 0.75 inch thick cabinet door . 
no ! it will only fit over a cabinet door . 
you can put about 3 windex bottle in there ... not wide at all 
not out of the box . but i did use a hacksaw to remove the arms and then mounted the basket to the wall . 
ok sorry 
it says on the package they are ! they hold up through the dishwasher , and freeze very well . the lid is secure , & great to transport . 
4.5 '' tallx6.6 diameter base they are 1 2 gal size i think they are great , and they arrived just as promised . i will ordered from this supplier again , 
my bowls have a 5 and the lids have a 4 . 
only location on the container is that of the manufacturer . it has a massachusetts address . 
about 4 oz , maybe 5 . 
these containers work well . i make then freeze large batches of soup in them all the time . i also use them for large amounts of marinara sauce i freeze . i do n't see why you could n't transfer the contents to a crockpot and then warm up . these are pretty heavy duty containers and can be used over and over again . 
free standing 
you can leave the wine rack out . we did n't use it for ours . it 's a great product . we replaced the wooden top with granite - it 's awesome ! 
hi there - the interior and exterior cabinets are 20 '' w x 12 '' high . the top of the upper shelf and bottom of the lower shelf are fixed . the interior shelf sits on dowels . they could be moved , but the cabinet only comes with one height for the pegs to go into . i tried a couple of liquor bottles to see if they would fit and the smaller ones fit fine . a couple of the larger size bottles did not . hope this helps . 
that is correct . it 's a great piece . 
it does not . 
you have to install . that length does n't include the bar . i would n't buy this island . poor quality . it 's already coming apart . 
i 'm pretty sure it is solid wood . it 's a very heavy piece . ours did come with a broken piece of wood , but i contacted the company and they sent a replacement . i really like it & use it everyday and it seems durable . 
sorry i do not have a pictuer but may be the instructions will be helpful . here is a link http : coasterconnect.coasteramer.com assemblysheet 910028.pdf regards gus z furniture in washington dc metro area 
front to back it 's 10 1 2 inches . it 's 14 1 4 inches wide and 8 1 8 inches high . 
the dimensions of the toaster oven are : width : 14 inches ; depth : 10 inches without door handle , with handle 12 inches , height : 8 1 2 inches . the unit has a grill ( 9 x 9 1 2 inches ) ; no tray is included . for baking a larger unit is probably more suitable . 
width 14.5 `` , height 8 '' with legs , depth 10 '' net , depth with handle 12 1 4 '' 
minimum temperature is 160 degrees , maximum time is 2 hours . 
the tob-100 cabinet is 15-1 2 '' wide ; this includes a `` bump '' on the right and left side to allow some ventillation space . height is 8-1 4 `` . the depth from front to back is 10 '' ; however , there are two brackets on the back that take up an additional 1-1 8 '' space ; again this is to ensure ventillation . finally , the handle sticks out 2 '' in front , making the overall distance from your wall to the front of the handle 13-1 8 '' . bottom line : space needed on your countertop is 15-1 2 '' w x 8-1 4 '' h x 13-1 8 '' d ... ..and it 's the best quality toaster oven i 've ever owned ! 
you can fit a couple french bread size pizzas or a mini personal pan size . 
this model is 1800 watts . 
it will toast 4 slices at a time . 
yes . 
my answer is going to be a bit different than what i 've read by others . my intent is not to be controversial but to err on the side of caution . mine sits on a counter top with a space of 10 '' from the top of the oven to the bottom of a kitchen cabinet . either side of the oven has at least 6 '' of space . the bottom sits on the counter top on the units four mounted feet . broiling a steak , chops , etc . is doing it 's job at 500 degrees so if the unit did n't get hot then i doubt it would be doing its job . naturally heat rises and disperses to the top and to each side . these would be areas i would not choose to touch while it 's on for obvious reasons . i 've had mine now for nearly a year without any problems . giving proper attention by allowing the unit to have ventilation above and to each side ; you should n't have any issues with heat . 
i recently replaced mine - it was a chair i bought 2 years ago from walmart . the toughest part was removing the old cylinder . cylinder sizes seem to be standard - it fit my older chair like a glove . the lift seemed slightly lower than the original cylinder . 
they are both a 2 inch base 80mm is about a 3 inch lift , 100mm is about a 4 inch lift . you get to decide how tall you want your chair to go . 
theres really no instructions , all i did was turn my chair upside down and gave it a big pull , the old part came out of the seat but i had to use a hammer to remove the other section . i used a pair of water pump pliers to get a hold of it and give it a twist to loosen it from the base as it was stuck with `` age '' . that was a big help and i would use that technique before using a hammer lol but it worked none the less . after you get the base and seat separated from the plunger , just set the new one in . the end with the red button goes in the seat end and the other goes in the base . hope this helps , but as far as the part itself goes , it works fine . 
no that would ruin the hydraulics in the cylinder . but you can replace the entire piece on the chair . 
it is universal and fits all chairs 
the only way to know is for you to take the measurements of the cylinder . measure the diameter across the base and the sit . 
i do n't know about this particular chair . measure the diameter of the tube you have now and compare it to this tube 's dimensions . this tube fit perfectly in my wife 's chair and after a year is still working well . also , go on youtube to see how to remove and reinsert the tube . makes it an easy process . 
i have no idea . the one we bought that was supposed to fit our chair did n't work at all . i have no confidence in the manufacturer 's description . 
that black peice is a picture of the bottom it 's a fastener that holds the hydraulic together . the orange cap is the actuator and that 's what allows the chair to raise or lower . both caps come on the product . 
i weigh 210 lbs it easily supports this . i guess the limit is 250 lbs 
piston travel is 4 in . extended length is 13 5 8 in . compressed length is 9 5 8 in . cylinder is 7 7 8 in . long . hope this answers your question . 
100mm refers to the height . this cylinder is 2 '' in diameter by 100 mm high . you can use a taller or shorter cylinder if you need more or less height in your chair but the diameter must be correct . i believe that 100 in this particular cylinder refers to both the length of the cylinder and the distance of travel . 4 '' is approximately 100mm . 
use a pipe wrench to twist the cylinder off . 
i am looking for the same ... .i found a cc-8 inch , cc-9 inch and a cc-10 inch pneumatic gas cylinder on ebay . url if it works is ... http : www.ebay.com itm cc-10-office-chair-standard-replacement-spindle-cartridge-pneumatic-gas-cylinder- 380437215207 ? pt=lh_defaultdomain_0 & hash=item5893d337e7 
i am not sure of how much it supports , sorry . 
i believe that is what i got , ..its good , but a tad shorter than original 
i use them on gas , but they will become soot streaked after a while ... wo n't clean off with soap . but , otherwise , no problem ... the glass is very durable . definitely a clean way to cook , as far as avoiding heavy metals in your food . 
yes you can use the on the glass top electric stoves . they work on all cooking surfaces . 
i 'm sorry , but it is a set , and it does n't sell separately . do a search on amazon . i saw a few options . sorry i ca n't help any more . 
no ... ... ... . 
the box says metal free 
corning and another glass manufactures around 20 years ago change material for cook wears from soda lime to borosilicate . borosilicate glass is a type of glass with silica and boron trioxide as the main glass-forming constituents . borosilicate glasses are known for having very low coefficients of thermal expansion , making them resistant to thermal shock , more so than any other common glass . so , i do n't know why you mention ceramic . 
it is stamped made in france on the handle . 
what size if the large saucepan 
absolutely fine to use over gas burner , we do it all the time , and in the oven . however , be careful with the lids , because they do not appear to be the same quality glass as the pots . one of ours shattered when subjected to rapid cooling 
ebay , goodwill , church yard sales , thrift stores . should n't be much of a problem . 
sorry mine came in broken . i returned it . 
that would depend on the size of the chicken . the bottom is 6-1 4 x 6-1 4. the top is approx . 7-3 4 x 7-3 4. it is approx . 4 inches deep . a small chicken would probably fit . 
it does but it would be best to use a defuser . 
yes . it is written on the bottom of the casserole dish . 
the lids are not made in us . i think they are made in brazil . try corning ware in brazil . trust this answers your question . 
yes . a great product . thanks to corning for bringing them back . 
2.5 quart and probably 1 quart ( i gave them as gifts so i do not recall the exact size of the second one . corningware is almost indestructible except for the glass lids . great product . difficult to find these days . 
sorry set came in broken and i returned it 
sorry mine came in broken and i returned set 
came broken twice ! ! i stromgly recommend not buying it- i dealt with dealing with getting replacements . they did try but it came broken twice and i gave up ! 
they are made in france . 
again i bought mine from a garage sale , but yes , i have a lid for the little frying pan , it is a small pan , but works well . not sure how it is sold here , but there is a lid for the litte pan , so i would imagine it 's sold the same way here as well 
yes 
yes . i 've used these on a glass stove top before . 
i have years using it and it does n't look like ceramic , is glass , but you should ask to the manufacture not to a consumer . i believe glass is safer than metal and non stick materials . 
slightly heavier than the standard non sick pans but not hard to work with . 
how much do they weigh ? do you mean ? i have n't weighed them , but they are pretty heavy . great pots . i love mine . i got mine at a thrift shop used though for real good deal , but they are great and so much healthier than metal pots and pans . get them . just do n't pour cold water in them if they are hot from the stove , you will probably crack them . and do n't drop them when they are full either.. but that 's common sense . so to answer your question i do n't know the exact weight , but they are heavy enough not thin and light weight 
no , they do n't have any parts made of metal . 
did you try greasing the pan ? i brushed a little oil into each cup before adding the batter and they came out perfect . i wonder if the stoneware needs to be seasoned ... kind of like cast iron ? 
the stoneware muffin pan is 10-3 4 '' x 16 '' , and has 12 cavities . 
full sized 
1 3 cup . : ) 
not at all . i just put batter in . after cooking i let cool before i use a large spoon to lift them out . 
i actually do n't know . i bought it as a gift and no longer have it . my guess would be no , as it is something we eat off of . 
i do n't know about stacking because i only have one , but it is pretty durable . my friends husband cracked theirs because he put cold running water on it right after it came out of the oven . also do n't use soap to clean only water after it cools . a hard rubber scrapper works to help scrub it clean . 
i 'm guessing the same because haeger potteries is the company that produces pampered chef 's stoneware . 
no , it does n't . it is very sturdy , very well made . mine is holding 50 gallon turtle tank . just be careful around edges it sims to cheep easily.take a good look around before u put it together . i had to exchange my first one . i hope that helps 
yes it is 
yes , 41 and 3 16 '' to be exact . 
holes are only on one side . but , i guess you could flip the glass shelf , and drill your own holes in the base in order to turn it around . hope that was helpful ! 
it 's laminate . 
hi chris . the hanging rails under the top shelf are included , and the bar comes with 2. they 're metal though , not glass . 
they can appear on the righ or left . it depends on how to turn your bar . mines are on the left . my bar is facing the wall . if i were to turn my bar around the railing would be on the right . hope this helps . 
sorry , no 
it 's like a lighter version of poole blue very pretty color i purchased this item and i love it goes well with my room and curtains 
tan and everything matches perfectly . 
i got it for my queen and it fit nice , not sure you 'll like the fit for a king unless it come in king , but it is beautiful i love it 
veneer , easy to put together but it is a corner unit . 
this desk is available in white , black and mission oak . the espresso finish will be available shortly . this finish is temporarily on backorder . 
here is the full description i have on this item . no house is complete in the modern era without a convenient home office . why settle for a solution that clutters your home when this contemporary espresso corner desk can save you space and add style ? on the top , a circular cord keeper is recessed into the surface near the corner to guide and organize all of your computer cords . the front drawer folds down to reveal a retractable tray that allows you to store your keyboard and mouse dust free and out of sight . approximately 14 '' above the floor , a 6.5 '' deep shelf lines the back edge of the desk along the wall for easily accessible storage of books , disks or other computer gadgets . both a stylish and useful piece of furniture , this corner computer desk is a must have for every home . * 48 '' w x 32.25 '' d x 30 '' h * lower shelf : 6.5 '' d x 11.75 '' h * keyboard tray : 28 '' w x 12 '' d * rich espresso finish * slide out keyboard tray * cord management * assembly required 
about 3 feet 
the espresso is now available for same or next day shipping . below are the dimensions i have on this product . * 48 '' w x 32.25 '' d x 30 '' h * lower shelf : 6.5 '' d x 11.75 '' h * keyboard tray : 28 '' w x 12 '' d approximately 14 '' above the floor , a 6.5 '' deep shelf lines the back edge of the desk along the wall . 
approximately 14 '' above the floor , a 6.5 '' deep shelf lines the back edge of the desk along the wall for easily accessible storage of books , disks or other computer gadgets . * 48 '' w x 32.25 '' d x 30 '' h * lower shelf : 6.5 '' d x 11.75 '' h * keyboard tray : 28 '' w x 12 '' d 
just over 31 '' . 
the legs are 24and 3 4 inches.the width of the top is 28 inches.i went and measured so believe these . 
it 's 24-3 4 '' wide . 
it does not come with sheets , but it does come with two european shams and two regular shams . 
i think it is . i actually bought it for my daughter , but did sleep under it at her apartment with the air conditioning running , and we we fine with just the sheet and comforter . it 's also very pretty and well made . 
gray and gentle wash its really a beautiful set 
i just used some dark blue ones that i already owned and i thought that looked fine . but white or grey might look better . 
26 in x 26 in 
the dark colors are black . 
yes eco breeze will fit your window . eco breeze is intended to install inside a screen , it requires only 1.5 inches of clearance from the window frame to the screen . 
not sure on a rating but it is very quiet . for a while i had squealing problems on the exhaust blower like something was rubbing and i would use silicone spray on it . i was going to try and take it apart and fix it but all of a sudden it stopped making the noise . 
lucretia , thanks for your interest in eco breeze . in automatic mode eco breeze will only turn on when it is cooler outside . eco breeze also can be run manually , so you can turn it on or off whenever you want . george 
although eco breeze is designed for a double hung window ( vertical slider ) , we do have customers using it in horizontal sliders . 
no , unfortunately eco breeze does not filter outside air . it uses your window screen to keep bugs out but there is not an air filter . 
yes , it is something we are looking at for follow on projects . our next project is a unit for a central air system , that will use fresh air when available and use the central air fan and filter . 
there is a manual mode , you can select the speed of the fans . however , there is always one fan exhausting air and a second one bringing fresh air from the outside . i was hesitant about the two fans as well , but the unit is well designed and the 2 fans are very effective exchanging the air in a room . 
you can leave fan during rain , i have no issues leaving it . 
unfortunately eco breeze does not have a filter at this time . however i know pollentec has tested their filters on eco breeze and some customers are using pollentec 's filter . if you have any additional questions please contact us . 
53w on low , 56w on medium , 61w on high , and 0w on standby using killawatt to measure . 
it does say in the instructions not to varnish or use polyurethane . they recommend an oil to rub it down to keep the wood conditioned and it does n't affect your food . i live in the west where it 's dry so i keep mine oiled . i love it . 
it 's not a leaf . it looks like one but it 's really a spice rack..extended shelf is in the back on certain models but not on all ... call the company you can find them on the web 
32 inches 
one large draw 
the wheels are made of a hard composite material and have never scratched my floors . i really like the unit as it has created more room in my kitchen after removing the permanent island we had . 
the inside thermos is ss and it looks to be uncoated . the cup cap however has a plastic liner . 
i dont think it 'd seal tight enough like a growler to keep it `` fresh '' as when you buy the beer . you may feel free to try it but i honestly think you 'll have flat beer til you finish it ! 
excellent question , so i asked them directly . official answer from thermos : it is not recommended put the unit into the freezer . the freeze can cause the insulating system to fail causing it not to hold temperature as it should . 
no 
i can only assume so , i have washed it in the dishwasher but i do not use the heat to dry the dishes . 
i think it 's made of pp without any adders . only looking after bpa will not really help . some bpa-free plastics now contain bps , which is maybe much more dangerous . the best is , to reduce plastic as much as possible . 
we have not see that happening , if you mean does it cool down yes it does after many hours 
no taller than 18 inches . weighs less than 2 lbs . 
i have never had any problems with mine i had one before this one and it lasted about 10 years before it i got smashed but i found boiling water poured into the thermos for about 15 minutes before you fill it with your drink hotter a lot longer 
i ordered mine from amazon , and it was in stock at the time , and showed up in a few days . 
hints of rust , not deep red . little bit of hot pink , yes . but not too feminine , in my opinion . 
my wall is a light coffee color . it blends well and allows the blue and fuchsia to stand out . the quilt is diverse enough it will go with other colors as well . what color were you thinking ? 
it comes with the shams ! i love this set ! ! ! 
i ordered the full size for my daughter 's bed and am unable to measure right now . however , this is more of a quilt or comforter size and not a bedspread size . bedspreads have length and width to the floor as well as room to fold over pillows . this does not . we use it as a comforter with the pillow shams that came with it . you would need a dust ruffle if using it as a comforter . my daughter 's bed is a platform bed ; a mattress sitting on a wood base . we tuck the quilt under the mattress for a clean look . 
i vote yes ! it does n't have black in it , but i think all the colors would complement black . 
i think sage would work but the sage in the quilt is the least noticeable color . i think many colors would work . red would make it richer and sage would tone it down perhaps . i have rust sheets and it looks fine ! 
it is very feminine . i guess it would depend on the boy . 
terrible , it does n't hold color after a delicate wash. now it 's in the basement for my dogs . i do n't recommend purchasing it , waste of money , poor value . 
? ? ? ? 
yes , a little . this is really a lovely set . 
my daughter used it with a costume . the dress was a little loose at the waist , but it had an `` a frame '' shape with the petticoat . it was too long so she rolled up the waist band and it still did not have a bell shape . hope that helps ! 
i did n't measure it but i 'm 5'6 '' and wore it at my natural waist , it came down to my ankle top of foot . 
it has an elastic waist , i would say it fits a 32 to 36 inch waist , maybe even to a 38. my waist is a 34 , and it fits me well without being tight at all . ( and mine does not have the nasty smell mentioned by some reviewers . ) hope this helps you ! 
it was loose on me but i 'm short and petite and i do n't remember what my waist is , but i would say it will probably fit a 36 inch waist pretty well . i did have to take it in . it worked well , just make sure that it does n't ride up.. mine rode up the back at one point , because i was doing a lot of movements ( dancing ) .. i hope that helps a little . 
yes it is removeable 
the 00100 is insulated , the 00085 is not . the 00100 features a slightly fancier faucet as well ; both unit 's faucets are tomlinson no-drip . the best you can buy . ( the insulated version has two basins that nest , providing insulation . ) 
yes it is . 
without the ice cone it holds 3 gallons . if you remove both the ice cone and the insulating basin ( which sits inside the main basin ) then it will hold 3.5 gallons . 
they go on inside and outside of nozzle . no leak issues after several uses . 
i do n't notice any difference and i have two . the spout is a different material but i do not know about metal . i have two , my sister has one and my cousin has one but no difference in taste on any of them . 
it goes on the bottom of the stand piece that attaches to the bottom ( to help prevent it from slipping on a smooth surface ) . 
they do on mine . i have not had any problems at all . 
i do n't know about that . i have placed things outside the ice holder and never had a scratch . i can not say about this but i have no scratches . 
mine is black plastic . 
i have not tried anything that thick but the nozzle and tube that comes out is a rather good size , from looking you can have daiquiris but of course that is my opinion . 
the drinking water has nothing to do with the icemaker ! 
as long as your fridge is built to have a unit ( holes are there , but with covers over them ) like this , then yes , it has quite a variety of parts included to handle a variety of installations . the instructions are full of details , and so are the pictures . it is a universal kit , so you will have to follow the appropriate set . 
no it does n't . they make kits they contain both the valve any tubing though.. 
no idea , but mine only lasted 6 months 
sorry ... i 'm not sure . my fridge is a different ge model . but i believe the ice maker is a pretty universal fit . 
yes , that 's the model i originally had and replaced with im-6 . works perfectly and the easiest to install , it took all of 10 min and i had ice in 1 2 hr . 
this ice maker is generic to fit any model so it should work with yours . it has been a great replacement for our ge fridge . 
it does come complete and ready to install 
you might want to get the exact replacement here : http : www.icemakerrepairservice.com servlet the-200 ge-ice-maker-470269g48 detail . it 's a bit more expensive , but you know it will fit . 
my best advice to you is to examine the ice maker that is in your product . does it look exactly like the im6 ? ge has used the same ice maker for many years and is adaptable for top fill and side fill-both parts will come with this replacement . youtube has several clips showing how to access the current ice maker and the replacement with the new product . i found this informative . good luck . 
it appears to have come in genuine packaging and is working perfectly . 
turner 
yes it will 
yes , it should 
i have a wp duet sport wfw8300sw04.. i have the three lil holes at bottom like lil slits .. if that 's the one that said it fits this model yes it is .. if it 's the one i bought .. i 'm 52 yrs woman and watched video on tube a nd put it myself .. it was a lil hard due to taking apart the machine but i did it .. works great .. if after you wash clothes dry the bellow and leave the door open a lil .. it will last longer i was told .. good luck 
yes , this will fit your model 
w10189283 is the part number you need 
i am not sure . in this link http : www.searspartsdirect.com whirlpool-washer-parts w10003800 0026 110 model-wfw9550wr00 1198 0153200.html the part looks different . may not work , but again , not sure . 
yes , this will work on your model 
sure will . that was the exact model number of our washer . we have since replaced the washer and are parting out the wfw8300sw04 . if there is another part you need ask me i might have it . the bellow is already gone . http : www.partselect.com advancedmodelsearch.aspx ? modelnum=wfw8300sw04 & mfgmodelnum= & fkmfgid=3 has a great part list breakdown . good luck ! 
use the supco urco410 with a run capacitor . the run capacitor is the little black box . either re use the run capacitor already on your refrigerator , order a new one , or buy the urco410 rc series which comes with a run capacitor . if you just use the rco410 your fridge will work great for about a week , the the compressor will burn up . trust me i learned the hard way . the rco410 's work fine i guess on way older compressors that were built to run hot anyways but any newer compressor , by that i mean any fridge that takes r134a needs a urco410 with a run capacitor . 
i do n't know which specific kit to use for that model but you can go online to repair clinic.com , use online chat or call them directly and they will give you the information you need . the supco part i used lasted 30 days and died . 
to determine terminals on compressor , remove relay and use ohmmeter to determine resistance between terminals . since there are 3 terminals , you will end up with 3 resistance readings . write these readings down . the highest reading will be between start and run . the midrange reading will be between common and start . the lowest reading will be between common and run . the wiring diagram for the 3 in 1 is on the package , so wiring it wrong should n't be an issue . good luck . 
yes and no . a capacitor is used by electrical components ( like a freon compressor ) where it takes a lot more power to initially start , but significantly lower to run . this is easily achieved by using a capacitor which builds up power to start the compressor , then allows it to run at a lower power to cool the inside of your fridge . so to answer your question , yes it could work as the rco410 is a generic capacitor that manufactures use ( like the fridge i fixed with it ) ; however , looking up your fridge it has a different design that plugs into the side of the compressor . if you do n't want to spend the ~ $ 45 for the oem capacitor ( ps9493638 ) , its possible you could rewire the compressor on your model to make it work but you 'd have to see how difficult that would be and if you have enough wire in length coming out of the compressor . bottom line , if you did n't follow along with most of what i said you should stick to spending the extra money and buying the same part to replace the old one with . 
this is a combined capacitor and start device for 1 4 hp or smaller compressor . they also make it in a higher hp rating you should look at that one . 
for all it costs , it 's worth a try . even if it does n't do the job it works in many other applications . if it does work , it 's a cheap fix . 
still working . put it in a couple months ago . the 3 in one wo n't go bad . an old compressor might burn out with the hard start after a year or maybe more , but that is probably due more to the condition of the compressor than the 3 in 1. i would not put one on for newer frisge freezers . get the oem part if you can . if the fridge is n't worth the cost of the oem part , or its not available , then buy this product . its not a magic bullet . its a 15 dollar part . if used in the correct application , its well worth the money . 
it should work on any refrigerator compressor . there are how to test your compressor and install videos on youtube . mine still works great on my fridge like clockwork after 3 or 4 months . 
give this a try ! http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=m4nsnx3jykq 
the whirlpool freezer i installed the rco 410 worked and proved i had a shorted compressor . i have another on a 30 year old frigidare refrigerator that has been operating for about ten years . 
i have mine in my office and i do not have any problems with it being noisy . maybe the others do n't have it balanced right , or the back is too close to the wall . but mine is very quiet . i hope this helps . 
no it did n't ... .just a drip tray ... . 
i have a 24 pack of cans in there right now . 
two six packs of canned drinks - - -my son loves it - it keeps them very cold - and it is a very quiet unit 
after looking on several sites that also sell this product it states that is is not energy star compliant . but my energy bill has not changed since we bought it . it 's an awesome product . we went from a small 2 bedroom to a half double and with a newborn it saved a lot of trips up and down the stairs in the middle of the night . 
got it over a year ago works perfectly and its frost free 
do n't bother with this product . the refrigerator only ran for 6 months and quit . i should have listened to the other buyers . 
the box was heavy when it arrived because it was large and had wooden barriers inside the box to protect the fridge ... it was awkward . i 've not moved it since placing it in my husband 's little office , guessing the weight to be close to 10 to 15 pounds . 
the depth is 17 '' 
i am not sure , are you asking about the watt value 
the factory preset temperatures are : 60c ( 140f ) , 80c ( 176f ) , 85c ( 185f ) , 88c ( 190f ) , 96c ( 205f ) and 98c ( 208f ) . the factory default temperature is 185f ( 85c ) . once you manually set the temperature , it will always default to that temperature until you choose a different setting . 
there are a couple places where the water contacts plastic . the pour spout has a micro screen in it -- the screen frame is made of plastic . it clips in place so it could be removed . there 's also a clear plastic fill gauge that 's part of the handle -- water comes up in it . that gauge is attached with some sort of soft gasket material which contacts water . finally , the lid and the part that it attaches to are also plastic -- steam contacts those . 
there is a `` hold '' button which , when activated , will hold the temp for 1 hour . 
well , while not being quiet from perhaps 130 or so degrees on the way up to perhaps 195 , it 's not as bad as other kettles i 've had . it gets quieter once you get up near 200 degrees as it cycles on and off ( and i think also uses a lower power setting , but i have no way to confirm ) . our kitchen is right next to our bedroom , and when i fire it up it never wakes up my wife . this is the person who can sometimes hear my music through my headphones from the other end of the house in the living room , perhaps 100 feet away . so your mileage may vary . not as quiet as a kettle on the stove , but i ca n't set a kettle on the stove for oolong tea temp ( 185 degrees ) for an hour without dire consequences . it works great for me . 
the company told me it was before i ordered it . 
it can be done but it takes practice . i bought this model because of its water capacity . i have also used the gooseneck model and its very controlled . they are both great products . 
i am not entirely sure but i think not . the hold goes off after a few minutes , i think . i have it set to hold sometimes , inadvertently set it that way i guess , and notice that it stays at the set temp for minutes at a time . but i am the sort of person who would let it boil dry and it has not happened so i am thinking it turns itself off after a time . i did just break the lid off though , which is a drag . wish it were made with metal hinges rather than plastic . 
it 's a kettle . you do n't brew tea in it . 
you would have to hold the lid open and stir continuously and very rapidly with a long-handle spoon in order to keep the intense heat of the bottom plate from burning the milk that is in contact with the hot bottom plate . 'probably would work once and then you 'd have such a sticky , burnt , mess that you 'd throw it away . on the other hand , for heating milk , the double-boiler on the stove is vastly safer from burning and requires very little attention while heating . 
it 's surprisingly fast . 60f to 150f takes 4 min . once it reaches 175f or so the pid kicks in and start predictively slowing down so as not to overshoot . it finally reaches 190f at about 8 min . 
i own this . after the set cooking time , this unit immediately turns itself to warm for 8 hours ! ! ! ! ! ! just keeping itself ... .well , warm for that long after which it turns itself off completely . of course , one can manually turn it off after less `` warm '' time if one desires . i love this machine ... .you can cook anything in it . the best piece of kitchen equipment i have bought in years . it 's fabulous 
there are just the two of us , and we find the 6 quart to be perfect for stews , soups , chicken and dumplings , etc. , the kind of meals that you want to enjoy again in a couple days . we also have a 7 quart cuisinart ; the footprint is identical , it 's just a tad deeper . 
ron , as many of the people responding to your question have done , i purchased the 6 qt . as well . i often downsize my recipes to a serving for 2 or 3 and a great cook book for these recipes is america 's test kitchen , `` cooking for two , 2012 '' . there are slow cooker recipes that work great in the larger slow cooker and come out just fine . i purchased this specific cuisinart because of its oblong shape - makes it easy to cook meat or chicken on skewers . and , with the larger size you are prepared for the eventual times you want to cook a roast or larger meal . hope this was helpful . 
when you say simmer , what function button are you using ? i have the 6 qt and have never had a problem , but i do not have a button marked simmer . i use the brown saute function to brown the meat , add the other ingredients , switch it over to the slow cook function , set my time and let it go and mine has always worked fine . 
the no stick coating is thin and easily scratched on my msc-400 too . i registered my unit at www.cuisnart.com where you can find out about parts . mine came with a 3 year 'limited warranty ' which covers defective parts . i doubt scratching is covered . it is impressively no-stick and i have not used anything harsher than a terry type dishcloth to clean . i have tried to be very careful cooking and stopped using the browning feature for concern about scratching bones etc . because the coating is very thin . i see outside is getting scuffed from ordinary use . i see in a crock pot cooking books that a removable plastic type liner is always used . that may be the way to go to deal with scratches if warranty does not cover . 
no , you can not cook small amounts of rice . it is a 6 quart cooker and the manual recommends it be at least one third full for cooking anything . recommend the hamilton-beach rice cooker steamer ( especially for small quantities ) . the sides will get too hot i think without food at least 1 3 of the pot . 
not sure that you can since roasting is a dry heat method where the heat in the oven surrounds the food . with the exception of the saut function , cooking in this is about moisture with little evaporation . if you turned the unit on saut and tried to roast something , it would be like tring to roast something on a pot on the stovetop -- that method is n't roasting . 
on the brown & saute program , preset temp is 350 but range is from 150 to 400. slow cook temps are 212 high , 200 low , 185 simmer and 165 warm . once machine is on , one can move between the programs and ranges of temps without having to turn machine off and on again . 
yes it is ... it is a slow cooker ... i have one for about a year now and have not turned on my oven since getting it ... i cook just about everything in it . 
i find i like browning in this better then on the stove . keeps a nice high heat . one less pan to clean . cuisinart also has a non stick bottom which is easy to clean . after saying all that it would be cheaper buying one that does n't brown . 
yes it does take a standard hawthorne . mine fits in very snug . the seamless yarai does not have a seam from the manufacturing process . unless it is for decorative use or you really want it to look super fancy the standard one is perfect . 
the 1 oz tovolo cubes are the one i use with this mixing glass . how much liquid is in your mixing glass ? for a 3 oz drink , i use 3 cubes . initially two are submerged & one rests on top . after some stirring & melting all 3 are submerged , which is about when i know it 's good to go ( ~40 revolutions ) . i generally drink 2:1 manhattans made with 90-100 proof whiskey , so i may have a higher tolerance for dilution than , say , a martini drinker . i dunno , i am not good at making martinis also , you can fill the tovolo tray slots to varying levels , so some cubes are a full cubic ounce , some will be smaller , if you need smaller cubes . i do this sometimes myself 
hi dan . these are finally back in stock ! if you have not already purchased a glass , we have them now . 
i have not tried to chill it in the freezer yet . i do n't think it will be a problem . the glass is very thick and feels solid . 
there are two versions of this vessel . one is cut crystal and the other is pressed . the one you purchased is pressed . the picture is probably the cut version . it holds 500ml ( 16.9 oz ) . 
the drawer is real and is built very well . 
it 's 23 '' h by 22 '' l by 13 '' w 
yes it comes fully assembled 
according to the manufacturers website this vacuum comes with a crevice tool , turbobrush tool and extension wand . 
turn off the brush and you can pick up dust and hair , etc . on your laminate floors . it also works well as a regular vacuum on rugs and carpets . 
it weighs about twenty lbs. -- -- we really are impressed with this vacuum ! just saw it on hsn at a special price of $ 159.00 ! 
there are places on the cleaner where they snap on , they do n't always stay snapped on tho . 
no , it is n't ... ... 
no fabreeze filter required . you can use any filter from a number of manufacturers that make aftermarket filters for this product . 
works great picking up dog hair off the bare floor and carpet . however , the attachments are n't as effective on my couch ( our dog lays on the floor , up against the couch ) . 
2 filters , one before the motor and one after . 
aurelia , let me go check out the manual , which by the way , really does stink ; i must admit the manual stinks . lookit that : not only does it not mention the wattage range , there is no underwriter 's laboratory information . nor is there an information regarding the engine 's power . i guess we would mark this up as a con . i do not see a switch on the machine from 110 120 to 220 240 . 
the drive belt is part no . 203-1730 hope this answers your question . 
it does but the grinds become very inconsistent past a medium grind . there is just too much free movement in the grinding mechanism past medium . anything smaller is fantastic , use it for my espresso daily . 
the grinder fits any regular mouth mason jar . i think the size is the common 60mm . 
the basic formula for french press coffee is 2 tablespoons of coarse grounds per 6 oz of water ( 6oz would be a small cup in my opinion ) . to grind 4 tablespoons it takes about 1 minute or so . for finer grounds such as espresso , it will take longer . if by `` grind level '' you mean the size of the grind then yes , it is easily adjustable from very coarse to very fine . 
yes , a standard ( narrow mouth ) mason jar works , though it may take a few tries to get it lined up right . 
flax grinds well with a blade type grinder . a burr grinder is not really designed to grind oil seeds like flax . 
hello umbeyonce , we 've recently added a lid to our hopper as it does make grinding more convenient . i use my grinder every day and since adding a lid i 've been able to grind more quickly without worrying about the angle i 'm holding the grinder at . the lid lets you be much more casual and a bit reckless during the grinding process . best regards ! alex team kuissential 
i 'd say conical . the pieces look very similar to the image under the heading `` vintage hand conical burr grinders '' at http : vintagecoffeegrinders.com 
not at all . i 'm a lefty and had no problem . 
i contacted the vendor and posed the question , ( can i get parts for my grinder ? ) and the following is the answer i received `` sure if you need parts just email me and i will send them for free . '' to me this is a company that stands behind their product . thanks , he did include his name but i purposely left it out . 
glass jar has made in taiwan on bottom . 
i ve had this piece in my nyc basement which get quite humid . it is the sturdiest of its kind and has not shown any sign of wear and rust in over 4 months now 
the shelves pretty far apart . they are metal and sturdy . i 'm very happy with my purchase . 
it 's more pewter than gold , , the triangle on top actually a mirror.. it 's purely decorative however . 
i was wondering the same thing . except i was wanting both of them . 
it was crap 
it comes with it . ours was assembled completely in about 15-20 minutes . 
there is a height setting specifically labelled 'bare floor . ' it falls between a regular carpet and low carpet settings . but the brush does not necessarily turn off . this may or may not be an issue . when i use it , there does n't seem to be an issue with the brush scuffing my wood floors . 
yes . i use it once a week and i own a cat . it does a great job keeping the hair under control . 
yes , the cleaning path is 14 '' . 
yes , that 's all i have . easily switches between wood floors and rugs . 
i do n't know . i would call eureka customer service and ask if there is a store in your area that can fix . 
i think that really depends on what is wrong with it . if it is something wrong with the system itself due to manufacture error then they would be responsible for the fix , however if it is due to something that you did or did n't do to maintain it then probably not . give it a try , that is the only real way to know for sure . 
page 2 of the owner 's manual should help you : http : www.eureka.com filelibrary 5b852a95868f45b994e56c2dbe79f39e en_83334a_ownersmanual.pdf 
no . 
to me , this one is n't as noisy as my previous dirt devil upright . of course it is not super quiet either . 
this is a king size 
do n't buy a `` alternative '' it sucks ! 
king size 
erin , this is a california king size comforter . 
it does not . there is a `` well '' for the coffee side and hot water side . this is the best thing ever ! ! i love it ! ! 
yes it comes with a gold toned filter . 
about 10 minutes 
no 
our cuisinart has been working fine for at least 3 years now . we have had no troubles with it . 
i do n't think i can help you . different makes of coffee makers produce slightly different coffee - sometimes you have to adjust the amount of coffee . are you switching from another brand ? making less than four cups ? 
take the charcoal filter out and use 1-3 ratio of vinegar to water on clean cycle . then run two more times on clean cycle with plain water to get the vinegar smell out ! 
1775w 
yes ! the tea side has a lever that lets you control the flow . 
no . 
not likely , i 've had 2 of these do the same thing , either the heating element went out or the sensor that detects that there is water in the unit is bad , either way the repair part required would probably be to expensive to replace , so enjoy you nice big oversized toaster . 
yes , the parts should be available . my unit came without a poaching tray , and i called the toll-free number in the literature , and they express-mailed it to me . i think you can also order any parts you need on the west bend website . 
there is a plastic insert that you place the unccoked eggs to hard boil them . place a little water in , put on the lid , push the egg button and in around 13 min . you can have hard boiled eggs . i have the larger model with 4 toast slots , that can cook 8 hard boiled eggs at one time , so i ca n't remember if you can cook 4 or 2 at a time but probably 4. it makes cooking egg salad a breeze . 
yes , you can use egg beaters in the pan . you may need to adjust the amount of water used in the hot-plate to fine tune your results . i use 2 tablespoons of water . 
the first one has slots for four pieces of bread instead of two , and it has two egg poaching apparatuses . 
try making sure everything 's seated right . i 've had that problem when i 'm groggy and rushing it . 
hi sylvia : did you fill the water in the provided measuring cup to the second line ? that is for medium i think . you probably could also add a little more water to cook the egg more but check with the manufacturer before doing that . i hope this helps . 
west bend 's website has them for $ 5 : http : westbend.com support replacement-parts toasters.html 
no . but just as an update i will tell you i still love my toaster ! it is used for toast every day and eggs & toast a few times a week . i have eliminated frivolous kitchen gadgetry and although this may be a novelty , it is very very useful . 
i bought this and took it to india and it is not working for me . i really liked this product and i bought in us . now i am keeping that in home as showcase piece . 
110v only - i actually had to replace a unit because like an idiot i hooked up to a 220v outlet overseas . 
the metal parts are hot just like a teakettle on the stove . it holds about two cups of water that will boil in four minutes . they are well made . i use mine several times a day for tea water . 
hi carol , well it does n't brew , it 's just a kettle meaning it only heats the water . - so is only for pouring into a cup in which you have put the tea or instant coffee . the max line is exactly two cups : 16 oz . 
about one minute and forty five seconds . 
i do n't know precisely but it 's very light . i would compare it to the weight of an avocado if that makes any sense . it weighs less than my ceramic coffee mug . 
in the beginning of the cycle its quiet but once it 's near boiling point and boiling you can hear the bubbling sound of water . the sound is more pronounced when you use it without the lid . it does not whistle like a tea kettle . just regular water sounds when you boil water in a pot on a stove . i love it . have been using it to boil water without the lid and it 's ready in about 5 minutes or so and hold about 16oz . hope that helps . 
on the bottom of the unit it says made in china . 
no it is not . us 110 with a three prong plug . must use converter and adaptor elsewhere . 
the lid is plastic . steam will condense on the plastic lid and drip back into the kettle . you can use it without the lid and then there are no plastic parts in contact with the water . 
this is completely stainless steel inside the kettle . only the lid , handle , and base are plastic . all the parts that touch water are stainless . 
yes you have to add water . the method that i use is simple : soak the ceramic in warm hot water to heat it . set it on the base . pour in about an ounce of warm water ( i use distilled water and a squeeze bottle ) . then add several drops of your favorite fragrant essential oil or eo mixture and light the candle . i warm the ceramic and water first so the little candle does n't have to do all the work and i get aroma more quickly . let cool completely before cleaning . i do n't let the water evaporate completely , i just keep adding more water and fresh candles as necessary , otherwise you will use a lot of essential oil . 
that 's all i use are the wax melts . 
that 's what i use is the scented wax cubes they work great . 
it 's not difficult to clean . i use alcohol pads and cleans right up . 
it 's a muted green with lots of browns in it . very beautiful but not bright 
i dont think so . since its made out porcelain its a while for it to get warm with the tealight . it would need a big light bulb and it would take some time to get hot enough to burn the oil . 
no , you will definitely overheat the bottom of the oil water holder if you use a votive . 
it is a great way to diffuse . the candle is far enough away from the oil to keep the temperature consistent and the pottery provides even heating . 
yes they do . 
first can i ask who are you ? i have never received an email like this before . i get all my items from a us supplier , but i have no ideal where my supplier gets this item them from , but when this is ordered before 10:00am it will usually ship out the same day that monday-friday . i noticed that there are 53 other seller 's of this item on amazon . 
the cord is 25 inches long . 
yes . there is only one temperature setting , although i find it works just fine for burgers and turkey sausages , which is what i grill on it . 
the grill works fairly well . but not big enough to cook four regular size burgers . it does the job . i am mostly cooking for two these days . 
yes it is great for panini sandwiches . very user friendly grill for more than just cooking meat . i have done veggie slices in it as well as sandwiches . 
this never came with a drip pan . i just payed down some paper towels and it was fine . very little mess . 
what are you cooking ? this is like any other appliance it takes about 3-4 minutes to get to it 's main temp . so i plug it in and put my meat on when i 'm ready . 
red red 
mine is 24 inches 
goodness no ! it 's not `` smokeless '' ! there is no 'ventilation ' of any kind provided with this grill . if you 're going to cook anything that gives off a lot of smoke you most assuredly will need to use an exhaust hood or whatever keeps your smoke alarms from going off . that said ... i 've never had an issue with alarms going off while cooking : burgers , steak , chicken , salmon , hot dogs , etc etc etc . i 'd guess that you do n't realize with this type of a grill , the grease runs off . meaning the food does n't sit in burning ( and smoking ) hot grease , the way it does in a pan . 
a paper towel will not work ! especially if you 're making bacon ! ! 
no i do not sorry ! 
it 's a very thin sheet of metal , not sure if it 's chrome , seems more like tin , & it 's in place with small screws . there is plastic behind the thin layer . hope this helps . 
it has a removable basket . however , i use a basket with a coffee filter . i feel the metal basket holds the paper filter easier . i hope this helps you . 
yes it does . if you want it to go longer just press the on button again . 
never had that problem . however there is a mechanism that shuts off water flow thru the filter if the glass pot is not in place . my guess is this mechanism is falsely reporting the absence of the pot at some pint during the brew . 
no 
mine takes about 6 minutes . this brand has lasted much , much longer than mr. coffee brand . i am very satisfied with it . 
it calls for 6 cups of vinegar and 4 cups of water , you put it in the back , press the auto-clean button and it does a good job . 
i believe the question refers to the digital time not being backlit . this is an issue i also have with this unit . very hard to read the time . in fact , any of the info on the screen is hard to read ! 
it is a standard coffee filter . use 8-12 cup filters . 
15 1 2 w x 9 d x 8 h still 100 % satisfied by the toaster ... i forgot to mention that i reheat frozen costco pizza purchased at the food court using the provided tray with the rack facing down so the crust is almost touching the tray ... the end result is the pizza comes out crispy and is even better than when first purchased at the food court ! ! ! ! 
no it does not . plus i wood not recommend hanging under a a cabinet because it gets hot on top of the toaster . 
without taking out a ruler , i would guess 18 inches to 24 inches . 
it heats on the top and the bottom . 
not automatically , you have to slide it out 
i do n't think it should be mounted under a cabinet . the unit gets pretty hot and there would n't be enough airflow . maybe with a specially designed mount that lets it hang down a few inches from the cabinet base . 
hello , thanks for writing . every seller has different processing times . this item usually ships from us within 2 business days . have a great day ! 
15 1 2 inches wide by 9 inches high 
no 
no 
it does come off the stand . it actually was a gift for my daughter in colorado who uses it indoors and out . have your kitchen vent fan on in case you meat gets smokey . 
no . the whole top removes from the stand but the plates are not removable 
two and a half feet . 
electric grills do not get as hot as gas or charcoal grills . the do n't claim to . nor who a buyer who does the right homework expect them . i make heavy use of a george foreman in a tropical rental environment . my guests have never complained . it works just fine . 
if you have a power source or a generator , you can plug it in . this grill does not come with a car adapter 
i wish i could help you but after i received my grill i was hospitalized and while in the hospital there was a severe storm and my grill was blown off my deck i never got to use it . 
very simple to assemble ... ... my 2 year old grandson helped me . 
it was super easy there 's not even any screws 
wonderful grill cook great easy to clean 
no . however you can always improvise . 
yes 
no , you can not use k-cups with this coffee maker . however , you can use `` single serve pods '' or coffee grounds . we found that the coffee maker tended to run over and get water coffee everywhere when you try to use the grounds , and the pods worked much better . you can buy the pods at pretty much any grocery store . 
there is some misinformation in the answers posted so far . this unit is not designed to use k-cups or any other kind of pod or disk . it comes with a included coffee filter , and you simply fill the filter with however much coffee ( grounds ) that suits your taste . when done , you simple rinse the filter . or , you can purchase disposable filters ( # 2 paper cone ) and just toss them . 
i just measured ... it comes with a mug that is 7 '' tall ( mug holds 16 oz ) . 
yes you can use any size cup . just use the cup as a measure for the water then the exact amount you need is dispensed . it works perfectly for any size cup . 
it comes with a filter cup that fits into a case that is placed in the machine . i remove the filter cup which is part mesh for coffee flow and wash after each use . i looked for paper filters and so far have not found any that small . i do n't think it was meant to use a paper filter due to the design of the filter . the coffee grounds stay in the filter . it does a good job . easy to wash 
hi , the unit is rated at 650 watts and 120 volts . the unit does not get very warm and the coffee is made rather quickly so it seems the design is well done in using the power to make coffee efficiently . 
if it is the correct size , similar to the mug provided . i 'm not certain , but inasmuch as the device is a drip type coffee maker there may be some splash that would escape the disposable cup in proximity to the coffee maker . but that at night be a big deal . 
no it 's plastic . 
i just flipped it over and looked at the bottom and it says 120v ~ 60hz 650w , hope that helps ! 
give it a counter-clockwise turn and lift . 
3 and a half hours 
did you open the top while it was baking ? that can prevent proper baking . otherwise you could just have a defective machine . try to get a replacement and then bake another loaf . 
white , whole wheat , french , sweet , low carb , gluten free , quick bread , jam . dough , rapid white and bake only . it also has loaf size and crust color , but because the paddles stick into the dough i would not recommend it at all . 
the machine does come with a manual . i 'm not sure if you can make cakes with it though , so far we have only made bread , super delicious bread . it is easy to use , just measure the ingredients accurately . enjoy ! 
it allows you to put all the ingredients in and set the timer for when you want the bread to be finished . i think it 's up to 13 hours later . i 'm not sure if that 's the same as what you called , `` delay-dough-only '' 
hi julia - this has a setting for sweet breads and a fast back setting that cooks in about an hour . 
looks like the pdf manual can be found here : http : www.blackanddeckerappliances.com products cookers-and-steamers bread-machines one-and-a-half-pound-bread-machine-bk1015w.aspx 
i 'll have to double check . i did keep the door open to photograph the dough though it did go on full blast but was gradually warming . so then quit the picture taken bcuz i thought it might flop . i 'll let you next time i use it . 
mine came with a little plastic cup and there are little notches on the inside of the cooker but since measurements can vary by rice , i just measure like i would in a regular pot which is 2-1 water to rice for white and a quarter cup extra water for brown ( 2 1 4 water to 1 cup brown ) 
yes , includes measuring cup and a spoon . 
i was asked to answer your question as a reviewer . the steamer bowl is optional . i do n't even use it to cook the rice . i have used it with just water in the rice cooker part and steamed veggies . get out your info that came in the box and contact black & decker directly if you need a replacement steamer bowl . you do n't even need it to just cook rice tho . 
of course is made in china . 
rinse or not , up to you . 1 part rice : 2 parts water . 
does n't matter , horrible product . the steam from the whole on top spewed sticky steam all over the counter top and onto the body of the steamer itself . i highly recommend the rival rice cooker . it 's red , smaller , and the steam just goes straight up . unless your making rice for a crowd , the rival is perfect , making about six cups ( that 's an estimate , i usually only make two cooked cups at a time ) . hope this helps . 
yes , it worked as the induction . 
yes & # 12290 ; 
no , it 's a 110-120v rice cooker . it 's work just wonderful . i used it for dinner last night . 
we normally cook 2 cups at a time and it 's perfect ! best purchase of last year . always cooks the rice perfectly no matter the amount being cooked . 
the grill is 10 '' wide , 9 '' deep and 4 1 2 '' tall . the grilling area is approximately 7 '' by 6 1 2 '' . 
the hinge is n't adjustable , but i 've had success cooking many different cuts , up to a steak that was nearly 2 inches thick . the sides still cooked well even though the grill did n't close the entire way . 
yes , you can i will recommend to cook 5oz steaks , it will cook very fast 
yes you plug it in . it is small and works very good . 
about 2 pounds 
hi velda 760 watts . 
definitely not ! contact the seller immediately and do n't use this grill again . mine has n't done that . 
no , however is your spray a little cooking oil on the grills before use they are super easy to clean . i am a big fan of this grill , using it all the time . 
the instruction paper that was enclosed with the grill does not have any information about wattage . on the bottom of the grill it says 760w . i do n't know if this helps . you can go to www.georgeforemancooking.com and look up model gr10 . 
it coes with the grill and grease catcher . it does not come with the cleaning pad . 
you take the black screw out of the bottom , remove the pieces , fill , replace pieces & screw back together . you will have to reset how fine you want it grinded though . it works like a typical salt or pepper grinder , it just looks like an owl . 
i had my granddauter do it i think onscrue the bottom white nob and put in the salt it takes awhile 
http : www.beyondthekitchensink.com 2012 09 24 boston-warehouse-animal-house-owl-salt-grinder this link shows you how ! 
lts about one gallon when full but works best when there is more air space for the roots of the plants to have more air . plenty of aeration for the smaller type fish that are recommended . clearly designed to sit on a windowsill . 
plastic 
also not sure , our tank was also cracked however i contacted jrponics via email and was sent a replacement tank within a week . great customer service at jrponics . 
i 'm sorry , i do n't know . this was a gift for a young relative . however , when we needed assistance from the company 's customer service , they were very helpful . i would call them with your questions and i 'm sure they would be able to answer everything . 
yeah . i am real and so is my review . i bought mine directly from the web site . i put a review there as well . i am very picky about the toys i buy my daughter and i stand behind my review of the fish garden . my daughter went from irresponsible to now focusing on taking care of this . it has her wanting me to start growing other fruits and veggies hydroponically now , too . i hope you seriously consider getting one . 
front shelf is about 2 1 2 to 3 inches . it can not be wall mounted unless you drill your own holes . 
hello the only other hair dryer station that we have is the hair styling organizer bronze which has a 2 3 4 inch hair dryer nozzle . 
hello , thanks for your question . this organizer can either sit on the counter or fit under the sink . according to the picture and product information , it can hold up to 3 electric hair stylers . if you 'd like to get the exact sizes of the holders , you may want to contact one of the sellers directly . you can do so by clicking on `` contact the seller '' in the bottom right corner of their storefront page . i hope this helps ! 
the background is gray . i too , thought it was white . no , it is distinctly gray . 
just under 18 inches . perfect seat for me at 5'6 . 
i 'm sorry , but i did n't need any matching pillows ; so i have no idea where to purchase them . 
no , you can not remove the fabric 
the legs are a dark brown . 
it is not very comfortable , but it is not that bad ... .. 
brown 
17.5 front to back . 17 side to side 
height is 33 '' x 28 '' wide x 25.5 '' deep . these dimensions are approximate . 
i would definitely put it in the orange rusty family . ib would call the background mushroom 
the seat curves down , so to the front of the seat it 's 18 '' but 19 '' to the seat if you are sitting on it . i love mine , although not comfortable for long periods of time it works perfectly for an extra seat when needed and i love the colors . 
matching pillows : http : www.amazon.com gp product b00nr0et7u 
you can send your carrier to pick up from california warehouse 
the colors are more dull than in the picture . it 's more maroon and rust , most of it is the background grayish color . 
box custom fit to chair . legs must be assembled . i believe they send a custom tool for assembly . 
cozystreet ships out within 1-2 days . 
the one i bought was . 
for my unit there was no need to cut it to size . i just placed them between the intake vents and the paper filters . 
the carbon filter is a thin spongy filter and the hepa filter is larger made of a paper type material and pleated . i vacuum both filters to clean them and actually rinse the carbon filter with water and hang to dry being careful to wait until it is fully dry before using 
press the light on and it will go off after a few minutes or less 
hi , i 'm not sure when the seller will have anymore mugs . i bought the mug for $ 26.99 which included tax and shipping . i think it was around $ 20- $ 23 without shipping 
canon . like the camera brand . it looks like a lens . very authentic . the photographer i gave it to loves it ! 
14 oz . to the top 
12-16oz i believe , i gave it as a gift last year to a photographer friend and she loves it 
product dimensions : 14 x 2.75 x 21 inches ; 7 pounds 
i believe it will , my father in law 's military size flag is in that box and i just took some of the foam pieces out to make his flag and metals fit nicer . hope this helps 
there are no holes on the front or sides of this box . if you are speaking of the two on the back , that is where we placed the nails in the wall and mounted the box on the wall . with hangers . 
the case is hardwood and the cover is glass and no the flag is not included . 
they are all put on with screws , so i would assume they are removable . it is a beautiful box , and the price was amazing . 
that is what ups charges us to ship based on the package dimension . the current discount is more than enough to off set the shipping fee and still money saved . to make it look better i have shift portion of the shipping fee to the price . 
i have no idea , however i think it probably does not have a gap . there is plenty of room for a discharge and flag ... a certificate and burial flag , i have a certificate from black hawk , with chopper flag and pictures of crew with challenge coin ... this is a large box . i love it . 
the one listed is cherry stain . we also have this in the walnut and oak stain . see my other listings . steven 
most compartments are 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches . there are a few that are larger . you can not resize any of the compartments . 
the felt interior is on the back side and the interior can not be turned 90 degrees . it would be awkward to mount the entire case sideways because the door would open vertically up or down ( the hinges are on the side ) and the upper and lower trim moldings would look odd on the left and right side when rotated . otherwise , the case is nice - just not able to have the bigger compartments set up to be horizontal . 
i returned this item . too big . each little cube is a different size . they make display cases specifically for shot glasses . google shot glass display case and you should have no problem finding one . hope this was helpful . 
it has 2 hooks on the top of each side and it wo n't need anything other than a couple of nails . it 's a very nice display case and it looks great and with the glass front , it 's makes it easier to keep dust out and to clean . 
hi , sorry , we ship by ups . they go by weights and dimensions . if combine shipping fees goes up . thank you ! 
it 's 20 '' x 21.5 '' . it 's really well made and pretty . the biggest piece i have in there is a 5 '' precious moments statue , but there are only a couple big spots . mostly for knick knacks . i would get it if you are looking for something like this . 
the outside dimensions are : width 21 '' , hight 21.25 '' , depth 3.5 '' . inside there are little compartments : 33 in size 2.5 '' x 2.75 '' and 8 bigger in size 2.5 '' x 5.5 '' . hope it will help . i absolutely love this cabinet , using it to display my egg holders . it looks fantastic ! 
2.5 inches 
exterior dimensions : 20 1 2 '' across ( wide ) x 21 1 4 '' high ( tall ) . height of tallest compartment is 5 1 4 `` ( 6 of them ) depth is 2 1 2 '' . there are 33 smaller ones 2 1 2 `` square . 
approx . 20 '' wide x 21 '' tall x 2 1 2 deep ( interior ) bays are 2 1 2 x 2 1 2 
i do not know christopher . i sent it to my granddaughter for a christmas gift and she loves it . seems like it is like 30-36 '' square with a glass door . my son was impressed with the craftsmanship as well . he works with wood . lp 
made in china . 
the shelves are not removable and they are only vertical . the vertical arrangement worked well . i left some spaces empty so my cabinet does not look overloaded like the picture of it does . 
sorry , no . 
hi debra , our contact number is 650-692-8988 m-f 9:30am-5:00pm pst . thank you ! 
good grief ! the smallest is approximately 2.5 '' x 2.5 '' and the largest is 5.25 '' x 2.75 '' . the rest are probably close to those dimensions . not going to measure all of them for you . there are probably some slight differences from case to case . 
yes it has two strong hooks on the back . was very easy to install . 
yes ! ! but count the squares , it will only display that many shells . 
please read the full description - it tells you everything you need to know . 
hi to diy girl , the filter will fit any zero water product . thank you for writing ! 
it depends on the water you are starting with and how much water you go through . for example , my best friend and i both have one , but although we only live 20 minutes away from each other , our water tests totally differently on the dissolved solid test meter included . my tap water consistently measures about 385 tds , and hers tests about 480 ( older part of town , older pipes , not sure , but consistent ) . my husband and i are both home all day , she and her husband work . i use it for filling our keurig coffee maker in addition to normal drinking water . she and her husband work , do n't drink coffee , etc . i change mine about once every 4-6 weeks , but find i change it more in summer when i am hotter , thirstier and drinking more liquids in general . she changes hers about once every 2-3 months . so there are a lot of variables . but , i can tell you that my trash recycling is down significantly that i am not buying all the little bottles and the taste is incredible . far superior to brita or any other filtered or bottled water you can buy . fiji water tests about 120 by the way , and i only drink fiji now as a last resort , i.e. , ca n't get to my own . so for me , even if i had to change the filters more often , i would still stick with the system . 
get a zero pitcher to fit the replacements and you are set ! the filter is large and i believe it will only fit a zero pitcher . this is a terrific product . 
i believe mine lasts about 2-3 months . i fill about a pitcher a day or so . i do notice some of the black bits ( charcoal ? ) floating on top of the filter before it goes through but that 's all . my unfiltered water is in the 280 range . 
yes , the filters are packaged in a plastic wrapper and therefore are uncontaminated . 
all of the pitchers dispensers use the same filter . the travel bottles use a smaller filter . these are zero water filters and how long they last is different for everyone depending on the water being filtered ... . in my experience . hope this helps ! 
i 've never had that happen to me but zerowater 's troubleshooting page says that `` the carbon inside the filter is rinsed before it 's packed into the filter and will sometimes still be a bit wet when it 's packaged . having your filters arrive wet will not affect the performance of the filter . '' so i think you 're ok . 
the water filters fit both the pitcher as well as the 23-cup water filtration dispenser . 
return to store for replacement 
we called the company with the same question , but got no answer . i do know the new filters take longer to filter the water bc they accumulate air pockets . we were told to tap the sides to dislodge the air bubble , but found it easier to disspell the air by punching small holes in the top screen and then tapping the sides , they still make the best filters for excellent keurig coffee makers . i 'm guessing when i say the reason is probably to use less plactic . i wish they would start a recycling program . like a dollar off your next order for each filter returned , along with free shipping to return them . i also wish there was a way to recycle the coffre cups . from what i 've read , they 've become a landfill blight . 
replacement chargers are sold on amazon and through the manufacturer website . less expensive chargers are available but they do n't fit perfectly , are slightly shorter . i solved that problem by putting a small magnet on top of the less expensive co2 cartridge when it 's fitted in . works fine then . 
kayser co2 cartridges from cream right dot com 
the soda sparkle uses proprietary cartridges . that means you have to use their cartridges , bought from them . when i bought my soda sparkle unit [ which does work great , btw ] i also had the same question and bought a box of 100 leland carts at the same time . but , they would n't fit - the tip is just a tiny bit too big for the soda sparkle unit . not such a good buy , after all ! so : i ended up buying a traditional soda siphon [ only with a snazzy rubber coating available in five colors ] for about $ 45 to use up my leland cartridges . trust me : there 's no substitute for the old fashioned models . they work great and now look even better [ i bought my first siphon 30 years ago ] . incidentally : the flavors that come with the soda siphon are junk . the polycarbonate storage bottles are nice , but the plastic bottom came off the big one after one washing and now wo n't stay on . and their flavors ? very weak with a limited selection . keep shopping ! ! ! ! hope this helps ! 
last time i checked you can get am at meijer you might have to couple check though 
hi , the sodasparkle chargers ( co2 cartridges ) are available from cuisinart . if you google cuisinart csc-24 , a list of resellers will come up . regards sodasparkle support 
only water , the colder the better . 
i think it was 1l . but its a cheap product i got a refund . 
one cartridge is good for one bottle . 1.3l bottle for normal strength fizz,1l bottle for extra strong fizz.they are disposable and recyclable . 
i have n't tried to carbonate an already mixed up cocktail but have made `` mixers '' like coke , diet coke , tonic , etc . i buy the soda stream bottles of syrup and they now make a pump for them which is awesome . 
we carbonate then usually drink the bottle within 24 hours but it last that long at least . the key is following the instructions . also the kids love doing the sparkle . 
yes , cuisinart sell compatible cartridges , item # : cui csc-24 . 
not the ones i got . they are tasty . : ) 
no , i do not have the answer because i returned my soda sparkler with the same future problem . 
a little more than one bottle 
yes 
the motor is part of the kit for the brush motors its one whole piece . 
i 've found it 's a significant improvement . it does n't prevent it completely though . i used to have to clean after every run and had errorr 2 's about half the time . now i clean every other run and have only had 1error 2 in probably 20 runs . 
yes ! it comes with a new beater brush and bristle brush ( the connection ends have been redesigned so that they do n't accumulate hair as much as the previous version ) . 
yes . mine came as pictured , was a direct replacement , and has worked very well . 
yes 
the one i ordered did not come with any screws . 
it comes with screws . the screws are pre-set into the plastic 
my 500 was getting loud and not working as good , , this unit is way quieter and seemed to do as good or better than original one ..hope helped . 
yes 
no . none of the older model plastic bottles can go in the dishwasher . they have a warning on the bottle specifically saying not to put them in a dishwasher . 
most of these answers are not quite true . it is true that most sodastream bottles are not dishwasher safe . but they do make a dishwasher safe version . item # 1041130010 at the sodastream.com site . i 've seen it here on amazon as well but at this time ( 2014-02-16 ) , the amazon price is more than 50 % higher than buying direct ( did n't checking shipping charges ) . i 'd also note that these are not stainless bottles . they are the normal bottle with a stainless trim piece instead of the colored trim piece . the cap is some stainless cover over the cap . mine slip is how i can tell . the regular plastic caps do not slip . i 've also had the stainless trim fall off the bottle . all in all i prefer the non-stainless version especially as the stainless is about double the cost . 
no that would n't work . 
put the canister in the back of the machine , twist and you are ready to go ! the canister needs no other attention until you notice the carbonization of your water waining - time to change the canister ! 
yes , this is the bottle that comes with the current iteration of source models . 
no , they are being manufactured in a plant in israel where arab workers are paid prevailing wages . unlike back in gaza where what they should earn goes to buying rockets and building tunnels 
polyester 
my guess is that it would not hold up well to cat claws . it is a bit silky on the top . 
my dog had an accident on my bed set because of the oder : ( had to wash in in the washer machine but dry the quilt in low heat so not to tear it ! ! washes well dry low ! ! ! 
beige 
i 'm guesstimating.. it weighs approximately 5 lbs . it 's not too heavy hot at all . in fact i would say it 's on the lighter side and if you wanted to add a blanket in the winter you could ! 
sage and brown 
brown and sage . kind of a chocolate brown . very pretty . 
no , not reversable 
we recently purchased a king sealy optimum mattress . the pockets are more than enough for this mattress . 
size is 106x92 inches , it should work on the king size bed which is for two and half size . 
the hudson comforter set is a machine wash , in cold water , and decorative pillows are a spot clean . 
sage 
yes , it is . 
it is on the thinner side - but i use another blanket in between sheet and comforter - so it is more for decoration , hope that helps 
cream and it is one of the best sets i have ever purchased ... . and i am a very picky person when it comes to bedding sets.. hope you like it denise 
it feels like a soft cotton . 
it is wrinkle free . to clean it up , what i need to do is to put it into the machine and dryer . overall , it is good . but the material is a little bit thin . 
yes . 
if the color cream is close to the ivory then might work , but if its different , it might clashes with color . the set will have king shams , they unfortunately ca n't be substituted . 
it was preshrunk : ) 
yes , i think color is quite accurate as pictured . i would say the lines are ivory and the background is linen , really more beige . 
yes there are 
i honestly cant remember , but i returned it because it was not anything like the pic 
no there are not matching sheets . i found a nice pair of solid beige sheets that match pretty well . 
yes we sure can 
no idea but bought them a year ago and my husband uses them at least once a week in whiskey . 
box with a bag inside containing the rocks , they work great 
six 
any of the rolls or bags will work . i use 11inch roll , 8 inch roll and the quart bags 
brushed silver 
hi , w17 h10 '' d5 '' i do n't know about the other brands , maybe someone else could answer this 
the best way to store all vegetables is to blanch them first , then cool , dry completely , vacuum pack and freeze . we recommend pre-freezing moist foods or placing a folded paper towel between the food and end of the bag to absorb excess liquids . if you continue to have problems , please contact foodsaver customer service directly for assistance . 
you can use mylar bags for resealing however you are unable to vacuum a mylar bag . 
yes . i bought stavac foodsaver vacuum sealer bags on amazon . they have worked very well for me . they are quart size and are sealed on one end , so you save time sealing . they sell 100 bags for $ 22.95 which is a fantastic price because the food saver rolls are very expensive and have to be cut and sealed on both ends . 
yes , at the bottom right is a pull our accessory hose . 
120 volts ac 
if you are processing dry food for example nuts ... i believe it sucks harder ... . somehow when you process wet foods on the moist setting it keeps the moisture from getting to the edge and out and into the catch tray . by the way..be sure to check the catch tray and keep it cleaned . 
there is only one , the picture is just of both sides . 
king werk 
absolutely . gave it as a gift to my dad and he uses his . i believe it may not be dishwasher safe , though , so a quick hand-wash would be neccesary . 
i do n't really know what causes `` pilling '' . i do agree that it is an annoying consequence of cheap and sometimes not so cheap sheets . it seems some of the micro fabrics seems to hold up better , but my choice is always 100 % cotton high thread count . i have only washed these sheets twice , but they must be washed in cold water and when they come out of the dryer they look brand new . i bought on set to see how they hold up and have since bought another set . i guess it is a crap shoot these days , but these sheets are not all that expensive , they are holding up well and they are wonderfully soft . i hope this opinion helps you with your buying decision . 
yes these should fit ! they have very deep pockets ! ! ! 
no , microfiber is not cotton . i ca n't read the tiny little tag on these sheets , but most of the time it is a polyester fiber . this is not `` your mothers '' polyester , however . this microfiber is extremely soft , yet does not wrinkle like cotton . the fiber is so fine it can be woven like cotton , thus giving you such a high thread count . hope this helps . 
no 
to me , a microfiber couch feels more suede-like . however , these sheets are more lightweight and breathable and extremely soft . they are softer than a cotton poly blend . they are also wrinkle free and will not pill or ball up . 
yes they are 
no , we didnt face any issue . its still pretty smooth and neat . the color is still holding good . 
yes 
1500 thread count . 
i 'm sorry ; the sheet set is no longer available . i do not know what size sheets you would need 
no , just makes it very soft . the sheets are very breathable . i do n't actually notice it as `` microfiber '' at all . they are n't thick or textured , just so soft . 
i am not sure . it is a single layer just like cotton on softer . i am a fan of cotton too . but these are the best i have ever had . i thought they were cotton until i looked on line . but the softness , one would guess they were 1800 thread count and not the model . 
mine came with a fitted sheet , contact the seller 
yes 
i do n't think it 's indicated anywhere . the big unknown ! 1800 is just the series number , a number to try and trick you if you do n't look close enough . 
this set does n't include a bed skirt , however i found one which should match , asin number `` b004zliezs '' . 
i have the dark brown , they have kept the color well even after lots of washing 
not really . for the price they are great sheets so far i have just had them a week 
not sure about cat hair , but with my australian shepherd and my hair ... sticks like glue ... 
please contact to the seller from where you bought the item.thanks 
the only opening on my pillow cases where were you put the pillows through and that is it . i 'm not sure if i understand you correctly but if you are saying the sides of the pillow cases then you probably got a defective set . i hope that helps 
i honestly do not know ! i 've tried researching it and have read the 1800 premier is also 1800 thread count ! as far as sheets go , i 've never had anything this soft and comfortable . anything in the past was purchased by my ex and was far more expensive than theses . sorry i ca n't be mor specific but i hope it helps a little . 
my son 's bed does fit only sheets that are twin xl sheets . the mattress i just bought for my sons are not fitted for a regular twin size sheet . they only are fit for twin xl sheets . 
it is not specified anywhere on the packaging . their website says `` microfiber '' . 
this is an 1800 thread count sheet set . very soft . 
it says it includes two pillowcases 
the product is good for the price . if you want a higher quality you must spend more money . i did not read the other reviews , but i am satisfied i got my money 's worth . 
yes , china . 
mine were 100 % polyester according to the tag on the sheets . 
i imagine it will- granted i ordered a queen , but the pockets are very deep and should fit an xl twin ( for the twin size listing ) . 
no ... very thin . 
they are light weight they feel so soft almost like velvet t they do well in any kind of weather they wash well i bought 4 in different colors the tan color was really not a good color cream lilac blue sage were all beautiful colors 
i believe they are microfiber . they feel like really soft brushed cotton . 
180 
do n't know for sure , but i bet they do n't have as many at the higher price to unload , this looks like a clearance sale to me if you assume the $ 170 `` before '' price is accurate . read review re : fit ! 
standard size that you would find a sheet set in stores . box was just big enough to fit the product . 
i do n't think they will fit an 18 '' deep mattress . i will take a video using a tape measure and attach to my review shortly . 
i searched the package and the sheet itself but ca n't find what material is . but it 's very , very soft ( but not slippery , like silk ) . excellent quality . 
they are made in china . 
i checked the sheets and the shipping information , no where does it state a thread count . my advice is , buy something else . the elastic broke after a very few washings . 
this is an aqua blue and appears lighter than turquoise ... ..i have the purple eggplant color and they are true to the picture on display ... ... 
yes ! my mattress is very thick also and they fit perfectly fine , not overly stretched and not too loose . 
these sheets are very rummy . they should be fine . 
unsure about the aqua . the grey was exactly as pictures and quite lovely . 
there is a listing for just pillow cases , both in king and standard sizes . here 's a link to our store - 
they are clara clark sheets . 
i 'm not sure what material they are . when i bought them i thought they was cotton . i checked the tags on all the pieces and the descriptive inserts in the zippered pouch they came in , but there is no description of the material fabric used except for `` brushed microfiber '' . i will say they are very soft , and comfortable . we love them . they fit the mattress well even after multiple washings and there is no slippage at the corners . sorry i could not give you a definite yes or no . i hope this info helped . 
ok first it is an 1800 `` series '' sheet set from clara clark , not 1800 thread count . second it is a cold wash with no softener wash load not warm , but yes tumble dry . if you are looking for the softest sheets you have ever owned ... this is your product ! ! 
it 's microfiber so the rating is supposed to be the equivalent of cotton 1800 thread count . i got these sheets in a blue and i 'd buy them again in a heart beat . 
i wish i could help you but i do n't know sorry 
we got the 600 series at best buy and everything fit . 
yes 
mine came with one . if yours did n't or you need another , go to the irobot site : http : store.irobot.com auto-virtual-wall product.jsp ? productid=3393541 & cp=3744764.3358508 & parentpage=family also available at amazon , but i just see a two-pack for $ 104.00 not shipping prime . so the other site is a better deal . or you could check best buy . hope this helps ! 
esthela , maybe t there 's something stuck inside , or wound around the roller or brush ? otherwise , i have no idea . good luck ! 
no , this is pretty basic . but it does pick up an appalling amount of dust and pet hair , returns to the dock automatically , and avoids stairs and carpet fringe . it 's running now , as a matter of fact . we 're loving it , and are seriously considering buying another one or even two , as we have a large 3-level home . 
this model roomba is 22v and comes with a recharging station which is specific for the unit . there are no international adapters ; it 's a 2 pronged american style plug . you 'd better check with the manufacturer to see if the charging unit is compatible with an adapter . 
same noise as a normal vacuum . 
yes 
i do n't believe it will . 
yes 
great for picking up dog hair . best vacuum i have ever owned . also bought one for my daughter . 
the one if have is fairly quite ( less noisey then my old hoover ) ... . yes , i comes with a turbo brush attachment for stairs and couches , but i prefer using the upholstery brush instead ( it does a great job removing cat hair off the back of my couches ) . 
i really wanted the 501 style but i could n't find a place that would ship apo the 501 has all the attachments the 500 comes with only a couple attachments but in all honesty for the price that i got the 500 i think my decision was right on . because we live in a tiny apartment in germany and this is all we need this is one amazing vacuum the 501 comes with every attachment imaginable for under your small crevasses like fridge and stove but other than that i can just move the stove and fridge and save $ 150 in my pocket . you wo n't be disappointed with either of the models the only reviews i read is people said the blue one is ugly but i actually think it looks posh and does its job very well . also is n't an eye sore if you do n't have a closet to store it in its compact . hope this helps with your decision . good luck : ) 
no , it wo n't fit under your bed . i believe the vacuum is the average size of a vacuum . 
yes i did get one with mine works good to 
here is what it says on shark 's website : includes a pet power brush , 12 '' crevice tool , dusting brush , canister caddy , and a straight suction nozzle for versatile cleaning throughout the home . an extra long 30 foot long power cord provides maximum range for cleaning large spaces quickly and easily . 
the motor 's amp rating is 10 amps . 
this model does have a 11.5 '' cleaning path , i measured mine . the cord length is 30 ' and i have to plug into 2 separate outlets to finish my entire carpeted area . 
no . 
from the www.sharkclean.com website . 
the enclosure is at the outer edge of the pillow . 
thanks for your inquiry . sure we can combine ship , or you can place your order for all together at the same time and check out together ... either way it is fine with us . thanks again . 
this seller ( feeling pampered ) is an importer , as is mentioned in their profile . i wash my pillowcases before putting them on the bed . i do n't baby the pillowcases ; they get washed & dried on medium along with other bedding & i use my normal detergent . they come out perfectly & hold up very well . silk only 'feels ' delicate ; it 's actually hardy ! 
do n't know , never had a satin one . but it feels cooler than my cotton and flannel ones and my hair is less tangled . 
just one , but it washes and wears very well . it is worth the $ for me . hope this helps . 
this is shipping from los angeles , california usa 
this case is not polyester `` silk '' , it is pure , natural silk . it is a great case and washes well , without shrinking . i hope this helps . 
machine washable cold water delicate cycle but i do n't put it in the dryer 
right here : http : www.amazon.com plum-purple-pillowcase-beauty-sleep dp b009083vqs ref=sr_1_7 ? s=bedbath & ie=utf8 & qid=1362007975 & sr=1-7 
absolutely . i have a large golden retriever , a puggle , a large cat and a husband and its holding up perfectly ! ! so much better than i expected it to be : ) 
the coils ( if any ) must be in the seat cushion . the base that the cushions sit on is basket weaved fabric . the cushions will slide so i suggest adding velcro . the armrest comes unattached . in order to reverse the sides , it would entail taking the armrest portion off and reattaching it to the other side . there is hardware on both sides of the lounger to do this . i chose to donate this furniture after purchase instead of keeping it . the quality was n't what i was expecting . i do still have and love the storage ottoman though . i hope this helps ! 
its a lot like out door furniture ... ..they come in two boxes n u build it together ... i took them out of boxes n carried pieces in house 
not great . it is easy to fall into the cracks between the cushions . not bad for the price though 
5-6 people depending on how close you want to sit and if the chaise is used for sitting 
no they are not . they do n't move around much , even with two dogs , a small child and a husband but i 'm considering buying velcro tape to to keep them completely secure . 
they are all loose so they slide around a bit . it would probably be good to velcro them down . 
yes assembly required : - ) 
the cushions do have zippers on them so i guess they could be washed . 
would n't know . they told me after i haf already bought the sofa that they did n't really have any in stock . but i went to turner 's furniture and found a ashley sectional that was pretty much the same sofa and it was only $ 700 . the dimensions were the same as this sofa though . so if this sofa is as big as they say it is yes its a big sectional . over 9ft long . hope that helps 
the pieces are separate and sit side by side . 
its comes boxed up . 
i would not be able to help you with this . 
the arm of the sofa has almost broken on us so i would be worried about that with your teenagers . the sofa body itself will be fine . we have n't had to clean it much yet , but we have vacuumed it without any problems and it looks like the covers on the seat cushions are removable if you need to wash them . the pillows and the seat back cushions do not have removable covers . 
hi ... i just checked the package and the correct number is 09964. anita : ) 
yes and one has lasted me about 3 months.. 
yes , that is how they are packed . 
that is correct . one pack has 8 each . 
there is no indication that this was approved by the fda . 
no , it came with only one . no idea why it indicates 2 molds . 
no only 1 teaspoon . i only received 1. they are still advertising it as 2. i am giving it no stars . 
1 '' x 1 '' x 3 4 '' deep , i use them for making bath bombs and they 're perfect `` filler '' for the jar with larger ones . 
it does not change colours .. i really like the set i purchased.. highly recommend them . 
looks like you can . havent tried but baking crayons may be better than nuking . 
it is sillione , so it should be can , i only use it to make chocolate , never ty it in oven . 
its just one piece not sure why it says 2 to be honest its like an ice cube mold easy to use 
dimensions 21.3 x 10.5 x 2.5cm 8.39 x 4.13 x 0.98inch ( l x w x h ) 
not so hard . first , remove the clear plastic surround . then , look closely at the black plastic blade shroud . this shroud has a small flange around its bottom that is held in place by two 1 '' long curved plastic protuberances from the sides that hold it in place . wiggle it and see . these are under the protuberances that hold the clear surround you 've already removed . pinch the shroud until it springs free and remove it being careful not to cut yourself as the blade is now exposed . it seems to pinch better when turned in some positions than in others . when it comes free , remove it . wash away . be sure to remember how the black surround came out as you will have to get it aligned over the blade and under the protuberances when you reassemble it . 
only one blade option with this one , so no , no different sizes , shapes , or grating . 
three inches round 
yes , you can take it apart for easy clean -up . 
yes , mine does n't even have the bottom lid thing . this is one of my favorite kitchen devices . 
the spikes are not sharp enough to pierce the tomato ... ? try to hold the safety guard at an angle , while holding the slicer at less of an angle . the safety guard dose not hold the tomato or what ever your slicing it just pushes or guides it through the blades . 
kind of . i 've made slaw a few times with this thing already . i kinda depends how you like your slaw . long stringy parts , or thinly sliced cross sections . if the latter then this tool is awesome , as you dont need to do anything to the vegatable . if the other , then you 'll have to peel each cabbage leaf , pile them on top of each other and roll them into tight rolls . then you run these batched across the madaline . ( this is what i done , and it gets a bit finger worrying towards the end ) . hope this helps 
yes 
just the one that 's on it when it shipped . 
it really depend on how hard the cheese is . i have been able to cut cheddar and swiss but parmesan i think would be difficult . 
i think strawberries are too small . use an egg slicer ! works perfect , can also cut mushrooms . 
we can not guarantee that a 750ml patron bottle will fit . 
yes , it 's rotatable . 
hello micheal thomas im not sure you would have to call amazon to find out 
i get that sometimes too . make sure the bottle is seated properly . try pumping the handle a few times . and make sure the spout mechanism is clean . 
yes 
a fifth 
yes ! a round on the house from you ! what 's your poison ? ; ) 
no led lights just the 6 bottle caddy 
i do n't think that it would seal if the top of the bottle was to much bigger than a standard booze bottle but i 'm not sure how big ur bottle is . the bottle top is like the top of an oil or vinegar dispenser . it has flexible plastic rings that seal it inside the bottle . hope this at least gives you an idea . 
sorry mine have not broke yet so i can not tell you . wish i could help . 
yes 
apron approx . measurements are 15 x 17-inch - adjustable at neck and hips for a fit that will last for years 
the mom 's apron says `` what happens in the kitchen , stays in the kitchen '' and the daughters says `` ask me what happens in the kitchen '' 
sorry for my delayed response . no , they do not have a sheen like in the picture . they 're more of a mat finish . i know it 's all personal preference , but i would n't buy them again . their price reflects the quality of these sheets . hopefully , this help you . 
i assume so , however i am not thrilled with the quality . the sheets wrinkle easily and they feel really flimsy and already old after just a few washings . 
there is only a fitted sheet and flat sheet then pillow cases but they are super soft and totally worth every penny 
of course based upon many reasons on amazon : inaccurate listing , claims that can not be backed up , inaccurate value representation , defective , unwilling for an even exchange , peddler did not reply to you , real fiber content not disclosed on listing ( cotton , polyester , modal , tencel , acrylic are legal ftc sheet fibers ) . 
the inside bowl is pretty heavy aluminum . the ice cream freezes quicker that way 
one year . 
i have been using the machine for about 6mo . now and have not seen any sign of a problem with the paddle . the paddle is made of plastic but it seems to have enough flex so it will not break when it encounters resistance . another feature of the machine is that the motor is built with a slip gear that slows down then stops the paddle when the ice cream gets to thick . 
yes , it has its own compressor . my experience is frozen ice cream in 30 minutes or less . 
this item is being sold directly the amazon and the warranty is with square trade . we have no affiliation with them so we are unable to provide comment . 
the tub is made of stainless steel . 
it 's rated at 2 amps but only consumes 150 watts of power so tha actual steady state draw is probably more like 1.25 amps . 
simply plug in and use . no pre freezing of anything . 
this unit is 115 volt . it will not work on a 220 - 240 volt outlet . 
even though i have not made gelato with my machine , it is my understanding that gelato uses a slow churn process to incorporate very little air into the mixture . this machine churns very slowly . the volume in my ice cream mixes only increases about 10 % or less . so it should work very well for gelato . 
yes 
yes , they are , as the product description states . they are dishwasher and microwave safe . 
yes 
yes , i use them in the microwave often . 
the sticker on the bottom said '' made in china '' . they are very nice though , the colors are bright and they hold alot . 
sorry i have not put them in the microwave 
as long as the mug tree has big hooks . the hooks i had would n't fit . i had to buy larger ones . love the mugs ! 
purely wooden . no coating over them . 
no logo over them .i just confirmed . 
the spoons measure 12 inches from tip to tip . not sure about the diameter , gave them as a gift . 
i do n't have an answer to either of ypur questions , but i can say that i gave them as part of a collection of kitchen items to a c0lleague and she tells me that they serving her well . 
the bottom is 6 1 2 '' wide , top 4 '' wide , 9 1 2 '' tall without knives , 14 '' with . i love these knives . though i 've cut myself a few times . they are really sharp . i liked them so much , i bought the matching utensils with the matching hanging holder . hope this helps ... ... ... ... ... 
sent to macau is possible . shipping method is ems . $ 20 requires a separate fee . 
it might be ok to put them in a dishwasher , i do n't think the colors would wear off , but to sustain the longevity of knives in general it is best to hand wash and dry immediately . 
no idea , sorry not being able to help 
china 
yes-cup is ceramic , green part is silicone and lid is plastic . 
hard plastic material 
yes , it holds 12 ounces , or very close to it . 
yes . best for cleaning . watch out for the top it 's not exactly confidence inspiring . 
it is microwave safe and there are inaccessible areas in the lid . i have had good luck putting my lid in the dishwasher , but without the dishwasher it is hard to get all the gunk out . 
do n't know how to get a replacement but i know that the mugs state they are not dishwasher safe . 
yes it does ! i have a 2007 honda civic , works great . 
yes ! i would take the top off though . 
oh good question ! i believe so . the lid is a number 5 plastic ( polypropylene ) and from my quick search on the internet it is bpa free . but then again i am getting my info from the internet ... : - ) hope this helps ! 
here 's what i got from filtrete : thank you for contacting 3m , the innovation company , construction & home improvement markets division . 4us-maxs-s01 = sediment , chlorine , taste & odor , microbial cysts , lead . 4us-maxl-s01 = = sediment , chlorine , taste & odor , microbial cysts , lead.select voc 's including : select herbicides , & pesticides . also equivalent to dual stage filteration . if you need any further assistance , please feel free to contact us directly at 1-800-537-9514. we are available monday through friday from 7:00 - 6:00 ct. in the event that you need to call , please mention this email so that we may access the file that has been created under your name email address . we appreciate your interest in 3m products ! regards , brenn d. 3m customer contact center construction & home improvement markets division 1-800-537-9514 www.3m.com 
you can with adapters , but the water lines that come with this filter are really small , so you wo n't get much volume or pressure . 
thank you for viewing my listing , yes the dispenser shown in box is included in the package . it 's a side dispenser to be mounted on the counter by the faucet or where you would like it to be . please contact me for any questions . thanks 
i use the 4us-maxl-f01 filter . 
i use this one in my kitchen sink for cold drinking water , i do n't think it can be used for hot water as well . you may call or contact 3m first before you buy it ! good luck ! ! 
no . none . do n't think too much about it , just buy it , you so n't regret it . 
this filter is designed to be connected to a dedicated water faucet , not the regular kitchen faucet . if you want a filter that filters all your water ( or do n't want a dedicated water faucet ) , look for a filter that 's designed to be put in line with a regular kitchen faucet . 
faucet is chrome color 
i did n't pay any attention when i installed mine . but it has lots of mineral rocks so i can see whyit would make noise when you shake it . 
chrome . it really looks very good . 
yes , just don`t assemble the top and the top legs . there will be pre drilled holes showing but so small not to notice on the black wood . one thing- mine was made so cheaply with pre drilled holes in wrong places that i had to drill all new holes anyhow . ok but not a passer downer ! ! 
it is 21 3 4 inches high . 
yes , however there will be tracks for the glass visable . great stand overall 
yes ! i have a huge heavy yamaha receiver in mine 
mine is holding a 180lb sharp 80 '' . no issues at all and no bending or bowing . you 'll be fine 
the legs are 2.5 '' tall . if you left them off cabinet would be very difficult to move . total height is only 22 '' so it 's already pretty short 
yes , technically , i am sure you can leave out any two of the lower dividers , but it might impact the integrity due to the weight distribution . you can not leave out all , because it will be impossible to keep the rack together with only the back plywood holding the weight . on the other hand i would not advise leaving out either of the end pieces as i do n't recall if that exposes unfinished particle board edges . i also would not leave out more than one of the divider , again not sure how much structural impact it will create in the middle . the doors are independent of the dividers . btw , they are sliding doors . 
there are no actual `` tools '' in the box , but the tools needed are very simple . you do need a flat head and a phillips head screw driver . 
the height of the opening is 6.25 inches . the opening is 14.5 inches from the floor , and 68.5 inches wide between the support posts . 
composite but very nice . love it 
there are access areas for cables to be run nearly in the rear of the unit . 
both doors slide inward , so no spacial issues . all my devices are black and look awesome . get it , you 'll be happy . 
yes , the glass panels are easily removed . they have retractable ( with a flat blade ) wheels that they slide back and forth with in the grooves in the wood . easy to retract and then remove . 
yes . 
wood . there are no specific feet . the unit rests on wood pieces . 
not inside the unit , unfortunately - the middle section of the unit is not wide enough . 
black 
the entire unit is 19 1 2 '' h x 17 3 4 d. the center partition is 22 '' w x 13 '' h x 16 3 4 '' d . 
the shelf is adjustable . 
yes 
yes 
all measurements i believe are on the posting . 
needs to be assembled . it is an easy job if you lay all the pieces out , they are all numbered , and follow the instructions . just do n't take any short-cuts and take your time . 
the shelves themselves are 15 1 2 '' but from front to back is 17 '' . again that is 17 '' from the very back to where the door sits flush with the framing . you will be pushing it with rcas , hdmi etc connected to the back of your receiver . the center opening is 17 '' also . hope this helps 
since we use the local water supply we do not have sediment in our water , so i ca n't answer that part of the question . our water is chlorinated and the filter takes out all odor of that or any other chemicals . we are very pleased with this product . 
tim , all i have is i on amazon.com . wish i had more of them . 
3 4 female pipe thread 
yes 
i cant remember what the certification paper said , but i think 5 , but i might be wrong . 
it does remove the chlorine smell . 
it 's more of a deep red 
yep do n't buy it if u do n't like cheap or if u have dogs that she 'd it 's nice but i bought it and it immediately got ruined . even with the first wash ! ! 
actually have not open it yet , in process of remodeling a room and took a delay to the holidays . sorry i can not help you ! 
black 
its burgundy . 
it 's not too bad after washing . holds together nicely , but you may have to steam out some of the wrinkles . 
fourteen-inches may be `` pushing '' this unit a bit ( this device 's instruction recipes book recommends cookware of no more than 12 '' in diameter ) . like other `` induction '' -type devices of this price range , it concentrates it pan-heating , centrally-located circle of about 5.5 inches diameter . 
no , but the cookware has to be compatible for induction cooking . if a magnet will stick to it , it should work . lots of inexpensive pots and pans on the shelf in customary retail stores that will work . 
check out nuwave pic - precision induction cooktop 
that 's the way i use it . i have a stove top cover made of word and have no problem 
my understanding is that the newer pic may be referred to on amazon as pic 2. the nuwave website only sells the newest version but you may still occasionally find the older models offering fewer features on amazon and other websites . i have had mine for around d five months and have used it every day . i have only used my stove top one time since my pic arrived . i love it . i have read a few bad reviews but my niece had one and loved it so i decided to try it . the shipping is outrageous but getting the two pic 's along with the cook set ran just over $ 120 ( if i remember correctly ) and i feel it was a worthy purchase . hope this helps . brenda 
hello . my name is alice and i am the social media coordinator for hearthware , makers of the nuwave pic . with its ability to accommodate up to a 50-pound weight load on the cooktop surface , the nuwave pic is ideal for those who enjoy canning . also , as the pic may be plugged into any standard electrical outlet , many canners find it convenient to use the appliance outdoors when preparing fruits , vegetables and other foods for seasonal storage . please feel free to contact us at facebook @ hearthware.com if you have any questions . we 're glad to help . 
i use my pic all the time in our custum truck . have you tried the unit on house power & it works ok ? 
it comes with dvd and instructions recipes book only ... .no carrying-case . 
yes i think what they say on tv is a little misleading but here is what i have found . the only place that is hot is under the pan . nothing else on the pic is hot . while you are cooking you can actually touch the top of the plate and it is not even warm , just do n't touch the part where the pan is sitting as that does get hot . 
sorry i really never thought about a warranty for the little i paid for it . things mostly fail the first hour or two and then you could send it back or myers sells them just swap em out in the box and take back to the store . both mine work great and the seller even thru in a traveling case so i can took it camping . hope the little info i had helps you . 
there is a bit of green in the embroidered leaves- just a bit lighter than sage . more of an olive sage but it 's beautiful ! 
they make a matching shower curtain . you might be able to do something with it . 
i 've never washed it , but the tag states it 's machine washable in cold temperature . i have the king size , so it would most likely need washed in a high capacity commercial washer dryer . 
yes . click on madison park , narrow the search by choosing red and you 'll find it sold by designer living for $ 111.99 . 
i love my bedding set ! the top is a little scratchy and uncomfortable to lie on but underneath is very soft and very warm ! 
i washed mine once i have a new large capacity washer . it came out of machine with one long seam line tear and two smaller l shaped tears . i was so disappointed in the work manship . 
brown 
the flowers are ivory , taupe , brick red and a bit of moss green . 
i would call it brick red . not at all candy apple red . 
i did n't know there was matching drapes ! if i knew that i would totally get them . i love the set ! it washes so nice and looks very nice too ! 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . the top of the comforter is red . thank you , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 
12 or 14 
they are blades . 
yes . 
yes 
i simply traced around it with a sharpie , cut the hole , then spotted the screw holes in the same manner . if you need more precision , you may need to google the standard for this component . 
it sounds like you might be trying to make an extension cable of sorts . if this is the case , i would instead use a product like http : www.amazon.com accu-cable-female-power-cable-eccom-3 dp b004stxszi ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1378741707 & sr=8-1 & keywords=iec+female . if this is not your plan , i will give basic wiring instructions . on the rear ( non-visible ) side of the connector there are pins which work great with pins like http : www.amazon.com gardner-bender-20-145f-terminal-disconnects dp b000fkf7cg ref=sr_1_47 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1378742996 & sr=8-47 & keywords=gauge+terminal . otherwise , looking at the image , the posts from left to right are : neutral , ground , and line . i hope this helps1 
the element ? idk . i didnt make it ... nor did i test for it ... . 
no , i 'm a woman & have no problem using it . 
it is n't flexible . the purpose is to spin and create a vortex and potentially break things up . it does not extend into the drain any further than a normal plunger . we found this to plunger to be messy and ineffective . 
if you 've ever used a plunger before , you wo n't have trouble with this one . 
yes , that 's what i have . 
i wish they had this years ago it is the best is a double handle . do n't hesitate uses real easy enjoy plunging lol 
unless your shower drain is the same as a toilet drain i would advise against using this particular plunger on your shower drain . this particular plunger was designed to clear a toilet . located within the plunger cup is a piece that works similar to a drain auger but shorter and works in conjunction with the actual plunger bulb . i hope that this information helps . 
i have not noticed any pilling or shedding . the blanket is very nice . 
bought and put into use in october 2013. so far really good . we love the feel and it heats up quickly . we have had many sunbeam blankets over the years and each last about a year before becoming totally useless and put out little or no heat . this is the best one we have had to date . i thought maybe if i spent a little more it might be better . also besides the electric blanket part it is a very nice blanket . ca n't even feel the wires in the thing and they claim it is washable although we are leery about that . i am keeping my fingers crossed . 
actually it works fine after washing . i actually washed it when i first got the thing . just be very gentle with it washing . while i 'm sure it 's pretty durable , i 'm sure if you abuse it too much it might break . 
no it does not pre-heat the blanket . we found that the blanket itself keep you warm even without puting it on ( i do n't understand why but it does ) . the blanket is heavy and the material keeps the body heat in . we keep our house at 60 f at night . my wife puts her on and it works just fine . 
my blanket was made in china . 
yes . 
i really like mine , it 's not like the original electric blankets , where you could really heat up the bed , but they do n't make those kind anymore ! but this blanket is pretty good , not great , but good . 
it is 84 '' x90 '' and fits a queen bed perfectly with nice overhang . the best electric blanket we have ever owned . 
we have a comforter on top of the blanket , and it works fine . if you put a top sheet underneath a normal blanket , you should do the same with this blanket . no need for anything between the comforter and the blanket unless the comforter is made of some exotic material that does n't like heat . 
twin-75 '' l x 38 '' w queen-62 '' - 100 '' h x 84 '' - 90 '' w x 0.5 '' d 
it starts to warm immediately . i find i use it at a setting of `` lo '' to `` 3 '' about 10 minutes before i intend to get into bed in order to take a chill off the sheets . soon , i 'll either leave it at that setting or turn it down later during the night ( room temp of 63 degrees ) . i never need it all night long , though if i ever do i will have higher settings at the turn of the control knob . this is the best blanket , low energy , soft fabric , easy to read control ( lighted ) and machine washable . 
no , there are wires that connect the control to the blanket . one of those wires broke off at the insert to my blanket . the blanket was less than 2 years old . i contacted the manufacturer and they replaced the control . the new one is just like the last one . it is not very well made , use care when using , the wires are fragile . 
i do n't know i bought it for my girlfriend as a gift . 
their blankets use between 14 and 18 volts depending upon the model . it has a converter that changes the 120 volts to a safer voltage . all others are 120 volt . it is almost impossible to receive an electrical shock from this low-voltage blanket . that is why i purchased it . when i got it i was amazed at the quality of the fabric . never any pilling as the old electric blankets . the power consumed is approximately 1 watt - far less than a typical nite lite . 
3lbs 
no - it 's not that deep . 
yes that 's what i do . make sure the surface is really flat though . i use the glass shower door . the wall seems to be textured enough that it will hold for awhile but then eventually it will pull down . 
that 's exactly where i use mine . they are awesome ! 
i bought specifically to hang my sons jacket and bookbag on . with his bookbag full of books and papers and his jacket it still holds really good . been up for over a year to . 
look at hang weight . that 's what size difference maybe 
mine had three . same package as in the picture . 
plastic 
sorry , i do n't know since i have not used this outdoors or in the shower cubicle . i have only used these hooks in the mud-room to hang heavy winter coats . 
i have only used it for soup at lunch and it does keep it hot enough for that . truthfully , i am not sure that it would keep anything very hot for a long period of time . 
i have never once had it leak but i have n't done anything crazy with it . it goes in the fridge , my lunch bag ( car ride & bus ride ) , work fridge , microwave and then it 's empty . i love it . 
mine held two cups and the color sent was random . however , qvc now offers a set of 4 for under $ 20.00 plus approximate $ 6.5 dollars for shipping . you get to pick the color you want . they also have the bowls . i love my klip-it products and have given them out as chrstmas gifts , i still have people tell me how much they love the product ( some have purchased more on their own ) . i do n't use the bowls that came with the dinner set anymore , i use my systema cups and bowls . i did purchase a set from amazon , but that was because qvc sold out . i 've since purchased more from qvc . the bottom line is , it 's a great product , but i also shop for price . 
i bought the sistema 21107. if you enlarge the pictures for both the 21107 & the 656 , you 'll find the exact information on both . both are bpa free , made in new zealand by sistema , 22.1oz ( 656ml ) in size . i can only guess that one is a newer version than the other or just posted on amazon.com by different sellers . information on the cups looks the same . hope this helps . 
656 ml 22.18 oz . 
i believe it is finland . 
as near as i can tell , you need to go to the qvc site to order these in colors that you want . i love my sistema products & as another person stated i have given the sistema items as gifts . everyone who tries them loves to use them . 
looks like the same sistema mug . 
i oiled it as instructed , and applied some small bumper pads on the bottom so it does n't slip on my granite counters . i love it . 
i clean it with soap & water , with a plain water rinse after that ( not even after every use , depending on what i have used it for ) . i also wipe it down once in a while with the mineral oil . i 've had this board for quite a while now , i use it daily & it is still as beautiful as the day i received it . the mineral oil really helps keep it clean . 
i suppose you could . it has the same finish on both sides and i recommend maintaining the board by treating both sides with oil once a month if you plan on using it as i do in my home to prep ( 2 ) meals a day . 
yes . clean it after applying mineral oil . let the mineral oil stay on it for a couple hours and then lightly wash it . 
yes 
no , i do n't . i use vinegar and baking soda . 
it 's designed to just use one side ( with a rut carved for liquid food to flow into on just 1 side ) . but i do n't see why you ca n't oil and use both . 
yes it 's the perfect size 
the cutting board is 16 '' wide by 14 '' deep by 1 '' high . 
it is heavy enough is does n't slide around much 
it is twin size but for a daybed so it is not finished the same on all sides . 
just the cover , bedskirt and 3 pillow shams ; linens only 
no , there are 3 shams , and the cover is one piece , no dust ruffle . the cover does have split sides with a matching piece under the split so it will fit more loosely on the corners , rather than pull . on my daybed with a trundle , the cover falls to about 3 1 2 inches from the floor . it does cover the trundle pretty well , but the cover does n't touch the floor 
the length is 76 '' and the width is approx 44 '' . the back side is against a wall and hangs down out of sight a few inches . we have it on a single day bed and it is plenty long as well as wide . 
i havent washed it yet ... .in a spare bedroom and does n't get used . it should be washable , just like any other comforter quilt . 
yes the cover reaches the floor on three sides ( the back is shorter of course ) . 
this fits the day bed perfectly . it falls right to the floor on the front and both ends . i love mine . if your are concerned about it hanging over to much . it does not . it just hits the floor like it is supposed to . 
the skirt is 19 inches . mine is on a trundle day bed and it fits beautifuly . it is a very attractive cover 
part of the cover 
yes , the third is ruffled . 
ceramic 
two inches 
yes they are . i 've used these bowls daily since i purchased them last year and have been very happy with them . 
seems to be , as i 've used them in both many times and have n't had any problems . 
no , you can turn dry 
yes they have 
yes - they have an on off button 
they are not 
in do n't know they sent me the wrong ones and i 'm still waiting for the correct glow ice cubes . sorry 
i dont know yet . havent had one quit 
about 1 inche by 1 inche 
that is a picture of it flattened . it expands from top to bottom from the way it looks in that picture and the black pieces are rubber that keep the rack from sliding and from bottles sliding within the rack . it is a space saver . holds 6 bottles nicely . 
yes 
works great , keep the corks from getting dry 
yes definitely ! i have one and it was a wonderful addition to my bar ... fits the 6 btls n then i lay one across the top 
no i would n't mount under a cabinet . it 's more for on top of a counter or shelf . 
hi ! the width is 12 '' , height is 7.5 '' and depth is 5.5 '' . 
yes and no . it will sit upright and theoretically could hold 6 bottles , but as the bottles rest on the plastic cross bars hinge with less stable ( hinge ) vs the wire with 2 area 's of support front and back . when i tried it the bottles were tippy , but did stay in place . the hinge part has to be in the center of the bottle to maintain balance in the side up position . if you are using in a shallow cupboard for example , if the back of the bottle is even with the back of the rack in this position , the bottle will be to front heavy and slip out . free standing or in a deep cupboard , should be ok . 
about 8 '' high and 12 '' wide 
it has a little bit of flex , so it can `` stretch '' a little to squeeze in a few champagne bottles among the wine bottles , but i do n't think that you could load up all six spots with the larger bottles . 
no , too small for champagne bottles . not so great for wine bottles , either , in my opinion , despite positive reviews . 
2 it comes with them . unfortunately , the rabbit died after 3 uses . i would not recommend this product . 
no , the ice just spins around . 
silver and glass - the red , i think is the liquid 
powered by a 6500 rpm motor the 18oz mixer can mix you more than a hundred cocktails on its two aaa batteries included . 
the one that i received does not screw in or unscrew , it is held in by pressure . try pulling it out by the slight lip around the edge of the glass . 
3-3 4 '' wide by 5-1 4 '' tall ( ~6 '' counting the spout ) and 3 4 '' deep . the shot glass stands about 2-1 4 '' tall and ~2 '' wide . 
i did n't see any option for that when i bought it . 
you have to come up with any sort of padding between the shotglass and metal of the flask . you can put a small paper towel in there to dampen the noise , or with some careful placement you could permanently mute it with some small adhesive pads . 
i ca n't remember exactly how small ( it 's already been gifted ) but i typed in `` flask funnel '' in the amazon search bar and ordered the first one i saw . the exact name of the one i bought was `` se hq93 stainless steel funnel for flasks '' and it is a perfect . hope this helps you ! 
8oz 
most trophy stores provide engraving . some `` high-end '' stores like macy 's in some cases will provide engraving for wedding , or baby memorabilia . 
i bought this for my sister for her birthday so i really looked it over before i gave it to her and i noticed that the damn thing is actually made really well . there is no plastic . i am pretty sure that it is stainless steel . the shot glass is made really well and it fits tight as a drum , i have no complaints . 
no 
i just returned it back , so i did n't see it actually , but it is not glass lid as i know . it is st. stl . lid , i have see it in sogo as like that , i hope it helpful for you . doris wei 
it 's about 10cm deep . do n't know what 's `` induction compatible '' . 
this chinese wok . i used over fire . 
it does not say where it was made . that 's strange though . the wok is solid . i 'm yet to see a better made one . 
no , did not include 
flat bottom 
vietnam 
on the wmf box are the following measurements : outside : 16 '' x 11 '' x 7.2 ; inside : 15 '' x 10 '' x 4 '' , base 11.5 '' x 7 `` ; ca . 9 qts 
22 lbs . 
this does not come with a rack . 
purchased 5 21 2014 box stamped made in china 
its fairly large so i would think so , but i have never put a turkey in it . nice roaster ... lid also makes a pan 
it is around 7.0 '' - 7.5 '' as far as i can measure it . 
hi heidi , yes it definitely works on an induction stove top . i use this on my induction stove top . mine has a huge burner that i thought i would never have a pan large enough to use the burner with . well this pan fit the bill . i like to use the lid as a skillet . it works very well . 
no , it 's made in china , per the sticker at the bottom of the pan . 
no , there is nothing inside 
9 quarts 
german company but made in china . 
yes , i believe so . 
gas , electric , induction and oven safe . 
well the pans are not teflon coated so if you add meat without oil and do n't pay attention it will stick . on the other hand i do n't use them for meat si i had no problems yet . cheers , mike 
in china 
i do not think it 's made in germany , it would say so on the pots and pans , i would very much have preferred it being made in germany . i turned the pans , carton and booklet upside down to find out where it was made , to no avail . that is unusual . 
no . it gets slightly warm but not at all uncomfortable to hold . 
yes 
i do n't konw , my sister use them now ~ 
no . it is made in china . but i think that it has good quality . 
these are not waterproof . 
my mattress is 9 '' deep and this cover much too big for it , but i still like it . 
no it does not , it is really made for a very deep mattress and therefore there is a lot od extra material , and the bottom material that is use on this cover is very filmsy and rips very easy . i would not recommend this . 
i was very disappointed with this purchase.i have regular mattresses and every zipper ripped.i suggest you do n't buy this product 
it 's pretty deep ... i have a king with pillow top and i still have a bit of room left . 
i have n't tested it , but i highly doubt it since it 's a cotton blend . cotton blends are n't usually water proof unless it has been treated with some type of chemical solution . unless the item is specified as being water proof , it is not . if it was water proof , i 'm sure the mattress cover would not breath and cause the body to sweat . 
we believe this product is of good quality . the thickness is about medium . and provides good protection . 
yes , it is six-sided coverage . 
yeah it closes on the side . 
i have n't used it yet ; but hope it will be as described 
the measurements i am sure are mattress size specific ... for my queen size it 's 15 '' with lots of room to spare . hope that helps . 
do n't know , do n't own an induction unit . just know that everything i cook in this pan sticks to it , and is hard to clean-off . my cast iron grill is easier to clean . 
if the pan is hot enough , yes it will . i 've not used it for fried eggs , as the ridges make flipping them over challenging . pancakes hold up better , but you still need to slide your spatula along the ridges , not crosswise into them . 
this pan is not made to cook those foods . those foods require a flat surface , and they will end up being extremely difficult to flip as they will conform to the ribs on the pan . 
we use it exclusively on a gas stove . 
the cooking surface measures 9 & 1 4 '' x 9 & 1 4 '' . the out to out edge of the pan measures 11 '' x11 '' 
both . i purchased one and love it . you can fry , bake , and broil . the handle gets hot in the oven but stays cool when you cook on the stove top . 
it is 12 inches by 12 inches . we love it ! 
yes to gas stove , have not made quesadillas in it , great for eggs on w heat 
yes 
i do n't know . it was n't very heavy . but know it did n't do the job after the second seasoning . 
i had gotten this machine for my kids . i had read the reviews for this and other machines and i had found this machine work great every time . it 's safe for younger kids because it uses no oil . and the kids love to measure the corn and watch as it pops . wonder product and i would but this again . 
delicious . it is hot air made . we did n't add any salt or butter . 
120 v , 1200 watts , 60 hz 
6 '' by 6 '' by 16 '' ! 
the popcorn falls out from a vent in the clear plastic part of it . it is pushed out during popping so have some bowls ready ! 
110 v 
no . 
do n't buy this ! ! ! ! ! it made barely two cups if popcorn each time so i returned it and bought a regular air pop popcorn machine that works much better . 
just turn it on maybe 2 minutes before you use it..mine does n't do that at all.. 
i bought this for my mother and she made a really large bowl of it . plenty to sit down and watch a movie with 1-3 people , depending on how much popcorn you eat . 
yes . mine did that too . call joseph joseph customer service . i had to send a picture of it doing that and they sent me a new one . i would n't recommend emailing them because they never responded to any of my emails . 
there are four unit measurements : fl.ozs : 0.1 grams : 1 ( no decimal point ) lb . ozs . : 0 lb 0.1 ozs . ml . : 0 ( no decimal point ) i hope that this answers your question satisfdactorily . 
as listed on the box : 5 kg 11 lb 5000 ml 176.4 fl . oz 
the base of the bowl could be 8-9 inches or more . you can offset it on the scale and see the display . 
on the under side of the scale there should be a slot . you can use a quarter to insert in the slot and rotate it to expose the battery . i just use my nail ( which is very short ) to pull the battery out . if the nail does n't work a butter knife should do the trick . 
there is no calibration to this scale . it does have a zero or tare setting so you can adjust for containers . hope this helps 
yes 
i keep pressing the button underneath , and i have no idea why one method of measuring weight comes up and not another . however , i can use any of them easily , so it 's not a problem to me . i suggest you contact the company and perhaps the mystery of why you can only get that one will be solved . aside from the fact that i do n't control the weight indicator , i love this scale . i can easily pack it in and i weigh my food on the plate i 'm going to use eating . it 's really ingenious . i enjoy it . 
i need to check but i believe it 's a 2032 round flat battery 
i have weighed standard dinner plates . and i was able to see the weight without a problem . 9 or 10 '' dinner plate 
the difference between & # 8537 ; '' and & # 8539 ; '' is .042 '' which is very insignificant . i doubt that , if rolling without the guides , one would reach that degree of accuracy . 
the wooden section is 13.5 inches . with the sizers all attached with the screw on end it is almost 17 '' total length . 
hi melissa , i 'm not sure where you 're seeing the pricing of $ 308 , but at kitchen kapers , we sell it for $ 19.99 , plus s & h . 
1.25 lbs 
no , but it would probably do a great job . there is an extremely small ring that would probably be perfect for it . 
to measure the diameter or length of whatever you are rolling out ( for example , pie crusts ) 
no , not on clay . but i have seen just the rings sold on williams-sonoma website for $ 8.95 if you already have a rolling pin you like ; but they will not fit a larger rolling pin like the marble pins . 
i think you sent question to wrong person ... i was just reviewing the product . the page says : 1 16 , 1 6 , 1 4 , and 3 8-inch removable discs make it simple to roll to a desired thickness 
i do n't understand your question . 
that just happened to me too . it said 19 were in stock , then i ordered it and it said this part of the order was back ordered and would be delivered in 9 days . i canceled this part of the order , looked in other sellers and saw 19 were indeed in stock for only $ 1.50 more with prime shipping . i reordered it at the slightly higher price and i will receive it in 2 days . 
each half of the smaller ( purple ) bowl will hold 1.5 cups of liquid , to the brim . each half of the larger ( green ) bowl will hold 2 cups of liquid , to the brim . 
it says on manufacture box do not microwave . 
the bowls are like russian nesting dolls . the bowls twist together to form a lid , so you can only use two bowls if you are not using seran wrap or something to cover them . 
not ceramic . it just appears to be a hard plastic . only use for storage , not heating . 
yes , u get 2 pillow cases . 
i am not the seller but i bought king size which came with 2 king size pillowcases . i believe for twin size only it will come with 1 standard pillowcase . 
when i ordered my set , there were 2 pillow cases with the king set . 
the auto is meant to plug into the cigarette lighter socket of a vehicle , but jf you purchase the `` deled power supply adapter 15 amp 180 watt 110v-220v ac to 12v dc switching power supply converter '' ( $ 13.85 on amazon ) and add a plug & cigarette lighter socket , you can plug it into a 110 socket or a euro 220 socket , plug the auto into it 's cigarette lighter socket and have an espresso . i 've used it for over a month and it works great , really ! 
you put in cool clean water , it heats it up nice and hot : ) it heats up the water , it first turns on a compressor that pumps up the pressure , then it heats it up till it beeps 3 times and turns off , then you just push the button and out it comes hot and with nice creama . i like it because its fast , easy , and it tastes great 
you have to use ese pods , no other options 
the pressure pump makes a little noise for a minute or less , a little less noise than a 12 volt tire pump . i do n't think it 's excessive . you could probably shield the sound and it makes great coffee with the lavazza grand crema ese pods , worth it . 
brand product design and quality control is the original company from france , the product is a manufacturing process in china 
should work just as long as you havae a 12 volt lighter outlet . when i use mine in my truck i have to have the engine running or i wo n't get enough power . 
i would think pods only , would be very messy otherwise , no built in filter basket . and amazon sells converts that makes is compatible with house current . it is such a conversation piece , in addition to being the most spectacular thing in a car ! ! ! 
no 
their 's a card inside for refills 
the rack itself is 5 '' by 5 '' . with the spices it 's about 7 '' by 7 '' . 
i would say about 1-1 8 oz , but that 's just a guess . the bottles are 3-1 2 '' tall and hold 3 '' worth of spices . hope that helps . 
no 
sorry , i do n't know . i bought this as a christmas gift for someone this year and she has n't had to get any refills yet . 
instruction inside the box . need to register within 90 days of purchase either online or by phone . 
marjoram , basil , celery salt , crusted mint , parsley , chives , sea salt , bay leaves , coriander , fennel , herbes de provence , rosemay , pizza season , italian season , oregano , season salt . 
yes quite a bit 
it is fine with condensation , but , it does n't hold a lot . 
yes , i would say so . 
it 's made to be frozen , but would cool a hot drink fairly quickly . 
yes , they feel heavy . not as heavy as her stoneware but like a normal dinner plate . 
made in china 
no 
no 
no 
no i do not believe the eggplant colored dishes will match this set . the darker color on the plates is a cranberry red . 
i know i have the same set it does not say on the plates either on mine . 
yes , i have the cereal bowls stacked in my pantry . 
no they are not thin . the dishes are well made and have weight to them . 
stoneware 
i just ordered mine for this exact reason . i do n't know personally how they work , but there 's a video here http : www.thenewlywedpilgrimage.com pregnancy pink-or-blue-our-gender-reveal-video that lets you see these exact ones in action . 
forgot , i bought a huge syringe from the store to make filling easier . 
mine looked exactly like the picture provided on the website ... .dome type lid . 
yes , i believe you could put jello in the containers . there are no holes in the bottom . the push up pops just did n't work for me and i never used them . i tried , but a lot of the sticks did n't fit into the container . 
i am sorry but i am not aware if they are . i hand wash everything it 's a personal choice . naturally the manufacture does n't indicate either way . the plastic in them is very dense and strong and send to be very good quality . i wash plenty in hot water and the properties do n't become malleable . i would n't hesitate using a dishwasher but one first . otherwise a bottle washer has them done quick . 
i think they would work ... kinda hard to eat out of them , but they are cute and fun . not too much fun to make though . 
i made layered mini cupcake treats for my daughters 4th birthday . get a mini whoopie pie pan and make the whoopie pies and put one in the bottom of the cake pop container . add a layer of frosting , another whoopie pie and another layer of frosting and sprinkles . top with the lid . done ! 
we used them at an 8 year olds birthday party and they were not messy at all . they worked very well . 
if you place the bread slicer on top of a damp towel it will stay put on the counter . i find that this works well for cutting boards , as well . i am short in stature . i place the bread slicing guide on a table that is considerably lower height than my counters . makes it much easier to slice loaves that are taller than the slots . to keep the loaf in place within the slicer , you might put a piece of cardboard in the slot behind the heel of the loaf . 
yes , we use a breadmaker and it does 2 lb loafs . this one also folds down so you can put it away easily . 
the height is 4.5 inches from the base that the bread sits on to the top of the sides . i bake a 1.5 lb loaf and it well below the top . what i dislike about it is that the sides wander apart and in order to get a good slice of bread i wind up using one hand to hold the sides closer together and slicing with the other . also the sides are very flimsy and i can see them easily breaking in the near future . altogether , i am not pleased with this and have stopped using it . 
u. s distributor ridgefield park , new jersey made in china 
the actual slicer has no label on it at all . the box says from china 
i love mine i just use a damp clean dishcloth and whipe it off after every use . just a damp cloth not to wet . hope this helps you . 
the slots are wide enough for the bread knife that is part of my cuisinart electric knife set . 
the inside is a little over 6 '' wide . you would have to cut it in half . 
made in china 
you will have to get bookends - the sides are open . it 's a really nice bookcase with a nice height between shelves . i really like mine . 
this item does take 1-2 weeks to ship from ca and then transit time will vary based on your location . 
this is a black metal and the shelves appear to be real wood . they are smooth for the most part . 
approximately 16 5 8 '' , between all shelves . 
almost 7 8 inch . 
nope , i think the cross members would get in the way 
3 1 2 inches . 21 inches x 12 inches under the bottom shelf . 
i think the manufacturer recommends no more than 20 or 25 pounds per shelf . i 've had it for a year as a bookshelf with around 30 pounds per shelf and have n't seen any problems . 
i have mine sitting on a ceramic tile floor ... carpet may be a whole different story . it does come with hardware to attach it to the wall . i have my kitchenaid mixer on the next to lowest shelf ( 20-25lb ) and a wooden bin of bottled water and sodas on the bottom shelf . higher shelves are cookbooks and knick knacks . it is very sturdy , but , i would n't overload the upper shelves . 
the distance is about 21 '' and the sides are completely open . 
i would n't recommend it . the one we received was poorly made and broken on the legs . the only reason we keep it cuz it 's in the basement and it 's a hassle to send it back . 
hi . i ordered this futon a little over a few months ago and i have already purchased a new one . the main seat wore to the springs already , the leather has broken open in the same area and the trundle pops out of place very easily and often . both while being fully elevated and slightly with the easiest tug . i wish i 'd never spent this much money on a waste of materials . i would suggest you purchase something else in all honesty . i can email pictures to show you further if you doubt it . ( it is really nice the first few days , and lovely to look at before it tears open in the seat . ) worst money i ever threw away 
the width 82.5 '' is from the outside of one arm to the outside of the other ( total width ) ( between the arms it is 70.5 '' ) the 63 '' is with the back fully reclined and trundle pulled out ( basically almost queen sized bed surface ) the 15.5 '' is the height of the seat from the floor to the top surface of the cushion . i purchased a 2 '' gel foam queen sized pad that i roll up and put under my bed so when guests come it is a much more comfortable sleeping surface though some might like the firmness the sofa offers . 
i used queen deep pocket sheets and also a 4 inch memory foam pad to make it softer because it is pretty firm as a bed 
yesi think . because it comes in pieces . 
yes amoc ships port to port only it is up to you to arrange transportation to final destination . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog i found some chairs that possibly match this sofa bed here : 
if you get a thick mattress pad , it may help 
it does n't come fully assembled . it comes in two pieces so it should fit fine . 
thanks for posting your question , after searching our catalog i was unable to find this sofa bed in white . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed : section for more ideas of available items you may be interested in . i hope you find one you like ! 
counting the scrolled ends , the height of this holder is 5 inches . the scrolled ends are slightly higher than the holder itself . it measure 3 feet long with the scrolled ends . i hope this helps . 
it will hold 4 but they need to be dessert size . 3 if they are standard dinner plate size . 
probably 8.5 '' max . i have 8 '' plates and there 's a 1 '' space between . 
no , it is specifically made for plates . there is only about 1 2 inch of available space to fit a plate . 
no 
its flat against the wall like a picture frame would be 
counting the scrolled ends , the height of this holder is 5 inches . the scrolled ends are slightly higher than the holder itself . it measure 3 feet long with the scrolled ends . i hope this helps . 
it will hold 4 but they need to be dessert size . 3 if they are standard dinner plate size . 
probably 8.5 '' max . i have 8 '' plates and there 's a 1 '' space between . 
no , it is specifically made for plates . there is only about 1 2 inch of available space to fit a plate . 
no 
its flat against the wall like a picture frame would be 
i believe that the warranty info comes packed with the mattress . since this is sold by amazon , you also have their satisfaction guarantee . i purchased 2 of these mattresses in sept and they are terrific . i highly recommend this product . 
i would think so . it is pretty flexible , after all it does come rolled up in a box . i would just want to make sure that the adjustable bed frame has something to keep the mattress in place since some have complained about it slipping . 
hi , i had the same question ... looking at the seller 's page it says `` a : as long as the mattress is in its original box we offer a 30 day 100 % money back guarentee . we will even pay your shipping back . once the mattress is out of the original packaging we do not offer any returns . '' under the reviews in the lower left corner . 
it did not come with a pillow . 
it is listed under the product details . it says it is 38 x 74 x 13 inches . 
yes 
it 's pretty good 
this is a non-stick tava . 
it is flat . it is good for making chapati 's but not good for frying an egg . 
it is non stick and not hard anodized , it is nice one to make chapati 's . i 'm still using it . 
yes it does , its heavy with thick base and an awesome product 
i am not exactly sure ... .it works well for me in the us where my stove uses public gas ... do n't worry , your roti , nan , puri will come out well . for domestic cooking it is great . 
it is flat . the best dosa crepe pan ever ! 
absolutely ! it would be perfect for crepes ! 
i 'm not sure . i do n't have an induction stove . you 'll have to contact the manufacturer of the pan . 
no you can not put in the diswasher 
i do n't understand what 'tearing issues ' you are talking about . i 've used the greek yogurt maker for close to a year , now , and mine is still in perfect condition , like new out of the box . i use a soft spatula to removed the drained yogurt into the storage containers i use , and i never wash it in hot water , since it is n't necessary - i use cold to lukewarm water right out of the tap and the dish-washing rinse hose next to the sink spigot to rinse the all the remaining yogurt residue out of the screens . i let it air dry in the dish rack next to the sink . my guess is that hot water is what 's causing you the issues . also , hilda smucker , below ... no no , never use a dishwasher on something this delicate ... a dishwasher heats the water super hot inside the machine , and that can destroy plastic such as this . we do n't even put our revereware saucepans in the dishwasher for that very reason - glass , metal and ceramics only , never plastic in a dishwasher . just use your sink sprayer hose or a spraying spigot attachment at your kitchen sink , if that 's how you 're set up , and use cold water , or slightly warm , to spray the mesh screens clean . i expect to get many years of use from this wonderful appliance . 
the mesh is not metal . it is super fine , but i do n't know if it 's a fabric like nylon or some kind of plastic . check out my sunny 's mom review on how i care for it . i love it -- -use it all the time and it works great . 
this strainer is not made for liquids , its not fine enough and it has bigger holes in the middle plastic cylinder , unless nut milk is thick like joghurt it will not work . 
the eurocuisine is my choice . it can hold a half gallon of yogurt for straining . the netting mesh is delicate and i would urge you to wask it immediately after dumping the finished product or you will never get the dried yogurt out of the mesh . pushing or rubbing it will break it ; i know . also , although they say it can not be run in the dishwasher , i regularly do so and just do n't use a dryer setting . enjoy ! 
i 'm under the impression the difference between yogurt and greek yogurt is the straining which ones you lose the excess liquid you end up with more protein . cup for cup between greek yogurt and yogurt is the protein . this is a awesome strainer ! 
yes ... and no more ! it works wonderfully ! 
have not put in dishwasher , but the fabric seems fragile . i love the product though , and just run water through the mesh immediately after use - no scrubbing ! 
i used it for kefir cheese a few times , but it did n't drain as much as we would have liked . we ended up going back to a clean t-shirt and colander instead ! 
i think it will depend on how thick your non-dairy yogurt is . i made a batch of yogurt where i think i accidentally killed a lot of the bacteria , so it was very thin ; everything drained right through this mesh . but when i have successfully made yogurt this strains just the whey quite well . 
yes . this just strains the whey out . 
yes ! it was originally designed for wood floors . i had tile floors previously and it worked great . i have real oak floors throughout my home now and it seems to work even better on the wood . my sister has laminate wood floors and we 've used it there with great results as well , although it did seem to leave streaks on her floors but i think that 's just from the residue buildup of her usual floor cleaner . the same thing happened on my tile until all the residue was lifted off . if she used it regularly it would eventually melt away all of that residue and leave a streak-free finish . 
yes . it comes with two cleaning pads . washable . reusable . 
the easy answer is 12 '' by 7 '' . the math nerd answer is that it is a trapezoid 11.25 '' at the top 13.25 '' at bottom and 7 '' tall . 
no 
haan has a really great website . they have a chart that explains the differences . this is the link : http : www.haanusa.com images haan_2013_prodcomparison.pdf it seems to me , the si-75 comes with an extra accessory , the concentrator nozzle and flexible extension hose : http : www.haanusa.com nozzles.html . it looks like it would be good for cleaning grout , but do n't know how well it works , since i do n't have that accessory . hope this helped . 
no , it only sanitizes with the steam 
i dose n't work at all . 
no the screw threaded easily , but we bought two units and at the third use both were useless . customer service was nice and tried to be helpful . the problem was both units from costco were defective . we returned both haan 's and bought a black and decker 3 in 1. it 's been a great unit ! going to buy another for my barber shop . 
the pad is textured but flat . the mop pad will not clean your grout lines however the detachable handheld part has a fine point head that will target the grout and clean it . my sister has one and cleaned the brick around her fireplace and it came out looking brand new . 
with the pads that are used on the unit i do n't think that it will clean uneven grout lines well . 
if you mean after multiple cycles in the washing machine , the pads do n't look brand new anymore . i do bleach them in the wash , but to the mops credit , it picks up so much filth they can look a little grey . but they are clean . if you 're asking how long they last during a cleaning ... i mop a large area like the kitchen , then i pick it up and peek under the mop to see how much i 've picked up . if it 's covered in dirt i change it , if i can still see the white of the pad i keep going . hope that helped ! 
it will definitely clean and sanitize any floor surface , smooth or textured . it removed grunge from the textured vinyl floor in my laundry room that i did n't even realize was there . it also did a great job on my daughter 's textured tile . but you do n't say whether your `` fake wood '' floors are vinyl ( planks ? ) or laminate . flooring manufacturers offer `` fake wood '' looks in both materials ( as well as tile ) . this mop will be fine on vinyl . however , from the research i have done , steam mops are not generally recommended for laminate or real wood floors unless they are sealed . laminate floors are essentially like layers of pressed cardboard with a pretty fake wood-looking top layer . however , with that being said , if your laminate is not sealed , it probably depends on the quality of your laminate whether or not you can use the steam mop on it ( and how often ) without problems . although my laminate has a high wear rating , it is not sealed so it is super-sensitive to water . the seams swell and bubble really easily if any water is left on it for very long . when i first got the powerfresh mop , i tried it on my laminate at the lowest steam setting . i ran the mop very quickly , not allowing it to steam in one place , nor did i rest the wet mop head on my laminate when i stopped mopping . i did n't notice any problems but frankly i would be hesitant to steam my particular laminate very often . ( i primarily bought the mop for the tile and vinyl floors i also have in my house . ) another thing i tried on my laminate was to allow the mop pad to get wet ( but not soaked ) with steam and then i turned the steam completely off and just damp mopped the laminate without actually steaming it . it still cleaned my floor really well but hopefully eliminates the risk of steam being forced into the seams . this was far easier than damp mopping with a traditional mop and i feel much more comfortable using this method on a more regular basis with my laminate . i would say if you have laminate , use a steam mop with caution , especially if it is not sealed . 
yes is can ! this unit is designed for use on hard floors such as ceramic tile , vinyl , laminate , marble , stone , and sealed hardwood floors . 
i just use a spray bottle of a solution mix ( mr. clean , pine-sol etc ) and spray my floor first before i use my steam mop . works great for disinfecting and cleaning . 
the steam mop amd and two pads and couple fragrance disc ... easy to set up and use 
no pumping required . once you set the steam level ( low , medium or high ) , there is continuous steam until you push the steam level button again to select `` off , '' or unplug it . i probably should elaborate that a lot of people do n't seem to realize there is a way to turn the steam off aside from unplugging the power cord . no `` off '' switch is probably one of the most frequent complaints i see in the reviews . the off control is the same button that controls the steam level . push the button once for low steam , push again for medium steam , push again for high steam , and push it a fourth time to turn the steam off . so , although there is no separate off on switch ( which i do n't find to be a problem at all ) , the mop can be turned off without unplugging the power cord . 
when the unit is plugged in , it goes into standby mode when the unit is ready to be used . there are low , medium , and high steam buttons , select any of them and the unit goes to work . each area has a light to tell you which degree you are in . when done , press the top unit button until the lights go out , and you will be in the standby mode once again . you may unplug the unit at any time when done . there is no on off switch , but i do n't miss it . 
of course , any steam mop will leave some moisture on the floor , but this one has three steam settings , so you can increase or decrease the amount of steam you get . i usually use the medium setting and have not had a problem with too much water on the floor , so my answer would be yes , it dries quickly . 
in my opinion , the hard floor cleaning solution should not be used in the powerfresh mop . the only thing bissell recommends putting into this mop 's water tank is distilled water ( or tap water if you choose not to use distilled ) , or bissell makes scented demineralized water that can to used in the mop . i believe amazon has linked to this hard floor cleaning product because it is related to mopping and it is made by bissell . in other words , target words bring up buying suggestions , whether they are appropriate and work with the featured product , or not . i suppose you could apply the hard floor cleaning solution directly to the floor but it really is n't necessary because the mop does an amazing job of cleaning with steam alone . 
i have never owned anything made by shark and never will . ( read on for the reason why . ) however , i ca n't say enough good things about my bissell powerfresh steam mop ! one of the things i take into consideration when buying something like this is the warranty . the bissell powerfresh has a 2 year warranty , which is a year longer than most other ( if not all other ) steam mops on the market . here 's where i was completely turned off by the shark brand of anything . several months ago i was in the market for a new vacuum and was considering a shark . however , i decided against shark after i went to their website and had an on-line chat with a shark customer service representative . i was curious how warranty issued were handled in the event service or repair was needed and the customer service rep told me if a shark product needs repair or service during the warranty period , shark has no local authorized service centers-anywhere . the customer has to ship shark products back to shark for repair and the customer is responsible for shipping costs both ways . thanks , but no thanks shark ! i do n't think it is right for a customer to have to pay for shipping on an item that is still under warranty . i ended up buying 2 bissell vacuums ( 1 for me ; 1 for daughter ) because there is an authorized bissell service center within 5 miles of my home . you can check to see if there is an authorized bissell service center near you by entering your zip code on the bissell website here : http : www.bissell.com service-centers . however , with the bissell powerfresh mop , a service center may not even be necessary . i have heard if the mop fails within the 2 year warranty period , bissell asks you to cut the power cord off your defective mop and mail it to them rather than having you ship the whole mop back . then , once they get the cord , they will ship you a new mop . ( and unlike shark , apparently bissell even sends a pre-paid shipping label . ) i also see a lot of negative comments about shark in the bissell powerfresh steam mop reviews -- reviews from people who have actually owned shark steam mops , say they do n't last very long , and after trying the powerfresh mop , they think it is far superior to shark . 
it worked well for my queen size metal bed frame . we did have to remove the middle rib of the original bed frame to make room for the new . i am impressed with the difference it made for me ! 
yes - it can be adjusted - see the tightening clamps in the photo . 
we used it for a king bed ( split box springs which are actually two twin box springs ) , and it works great . as long as your headboard footboard and side rails are sturdy , this will shore up your support in the middle . 
these are metal supports that screw down into the side bed rails . they do not attach to the head or foot boards . 
these supports adjust very easily . place them in the middle of your frame and attach to your side rails be it wood etc . i just laid mine over my wood rails and wood screwed them to hold into position . the supports slide to fit your frame , adjust the height and the tighten the l screw by hand and your done . 
i do not believe it work on a split box springs . there is a rib that goes from the head of the bed to the foot of the bed that attaches to the ribs that extend to the side rails . the center rib ( head to foot ) supports the side ribs . 
the supplied extension bars are pretty long on both sides . i would also add that this thing is really solid . 
yes . 
it should work fine , the legs are adjustable and it also comes with height extensions that i did not need with my four post bed . it will work with a metal frame , you will just have to drill and bolt it if you want it attached . either way , it should n't move with the mattress on it , attached or not . 
hi..you need the side rails for this option to work 
both ends of each frame piece have hooks . the head and foot boards must also have slots for each of the 4 hooks , and so , the metal frame does not touch the floor at all . 
it 's adjustable to the floor . for different heights . 
it is adjustable . it screws to the height needed . i hooked the side rails on the bed on the lower hooks so that it would be a little lower for my daughter , but the screw is easily long enough to use at the higher hooks . 
ours is 82 inches exclusive from the claws . 
the cross arm attaches with bolts . the rails attach with hooks that slide into the head and foot boards . 
both ends have hooks so they attach to the head board and the foot board . 
hooks on these rails ( that go into front & back of bed frame ) are shallow . the stress to my antique maple headboard caused the wood to split in half , from left to right . very sad as is my grandmothers bed handmade & over 65 yrs old . 
no , it does n't absorb any smells ! i 've done mint teas , fruit teas , black teas and green and it has been great every time ! ... 
i use it to make green white tea at 185 degrees that should be hot enough to dissolve sugar i believe . 
you probably could , but i ca n't guarantee the fine mesh is so fine you wo n't get any sediment . from the tea bags i use in it there is always a bit of sediment at the bottom of the pitcher . 
while i have not used boiling water , i 've poured extremely hot water straight from my percolator into the pitcher . it should hold up just fine . 
it can be removed . it unscrews easily from the lid . 
it holds 64oz of tea . the infuser is hollow to the top not taking up much space . 
jesse , that 's the same question that i would like to have answered . we will need to call the manufacturer and hope they give us an honest answer . we do not have the capability to truly discern if the pitcher leeches chemicals , but the manufacturer or the us testing lab ( someone help me with the name ) should already know . that 's where i would call to see if it 's even been tested yet . the fda is n't really concerned with our health and welfare so do n't even bother calling there . i hope that you can get the answers for all of us - the ones who have bought and ones that want to buy . glass is the only product that i know that does not leech chemicals , this is a type of plastic . they covered only bpa-free . their website is www.takeya.com , they have a contact page with their addresses , phone numbers , and an email form . 714.374.9900 x 314 
bpa safe plastic the handle is not silicone . there is no reason to be concerned about burns the handle does not heat up when the hot water is poured in . 
i do not know . i simply drilled a small hole in the cone just below the part that screws on the bottle to allow the water to come out . 
i could n't figure it out either - cut the tips off and they drained immediately . i finally discarded them after writing a comment to amazon about how useless the are , and then bought some more expensive clay ones which are very good . my advice is send them back for a refund , if you can . 
soda bottle ? ? 
yes , i just cut off the plastic ring that is on the bottle and it gives just enough extra room to be able to screw on the bottle . i use a 12 oz bottle for a couple of my smaller plants . 
depends on how much water flow you want . i drilled two 1 64 inch holes , one on each side , about one inch from the bottom , and was satisfied with that . drilled a second one at 1 32 inch and decided it was too much , for my use . remember , you can always make the hole larger . smaller , not so much ... .. 
see 1st question answer above . three packs of four = 12 cones . 
as i recall , i received 3 bags with 4 cones in each ... 
do n't know if it fits a 12oz bottle . what i do knowvis thst it is a ripoff . thry advertise 12 but only send 4. said 12 is a typo . promised to send the other 8 when i complained . never did receive them . 
yes 
blue glass bottle made in china and mister made of plastic made is usa 
yes that would not be an issue , but i would think this is smaller than something you would want to store salad dressing in ... 
sure you can . but make sure you store it in a cool dark and dry place . essential oils , if properly stored , can last 1-2 years . however , if you are buying adulterated essential oils that are extended with a vegetable oil ; these will become rancid faster and will not last for long ; in addition to losing their therapeutic values . 
yes it does work upside down , but only as long as there is liquid for the straw to suction through . 
sorry , i do n't know . it does n't say anything on the bottle . i would not recommend it though ... the squirter part broke after just a few weeks of using it . 
mine is black 
about 4 inches tall . but i would n't recommend it . the sprayer broke within 2 weeks of using it . 
mine came with only the cap ( sprayer ) pictured , no other cap . 
i believe they are made in china , but i love mine ! 
i have never used silpat , but i think they are very similar . my sil-eco works wonderfully as a nonstick surface , but i do n't use it for oily food . i read somewhere that 's not good for it . i use it mainly for cookies and roast vegetables and i love it . 
no , i believe all of these types of mats are making by weaving silicone with fiberglass , once cut they become dangerous as you may ingest some of the loose particles . 
it can stand on its own , i suppose but it is not designed for that . if you put tall things in it ( like ceran wrap ) it might tip over . you should mount it , but beware , it is not easy to mount : it requires precision and i recommend adding a washer to the screw it comes with , otherwise it is a truly unnecessarily tedious job . 
what is the size of the box you want to put vertical ? the rack can fit a box that is 3 '' on the sides . the regular wrap boxes are about 2 '' . 
both compartments are 3 '' wide , and 9 9 16 '' long . 
the rack is n't very heavy . i bet you could make it work well . 
i 'd worry more about the depth of the screw if your doors are thin . if you have 1 2 thickness on your cab door , these will work . less than that , i 'm not sure . if you 're worried about the hardness of the wood , pre-drill and add a little soap ( liquid or dry -- does n't matter ) to each screw right before you screw it in . i installed mine on the back side of a pantry door . 
also having limited space , this item works well for me . 7 '' d , 8 1 2 '' h , 11 '' w. hope this helps 
no . it 's not wide enough . i have to keep my foil from costco 's on top of my fridge . 
you will have to check the size , it is rather large so measure ... ..i put mine on the door but does take space . i do love it 
i have mine inside of one of my cabinets . here 's a trick : find a roll of the widest wrap you have , e.g. , extra-wide aluminum foil . hold it vertically inside yor cabinet door . hold the rack over it to approximate the best location to hold that roll . that 's where you 'll place it . if it can hold that roll , it can hold anything ! plus , if you do n't have a drill for the screw holes , never fear -- -- use a hammer and a wider-bore nail to make holes big enough for the screws . enjoy your rack ! 
yes they are . 
36inches 
i do n't know . the table does not go up and down for us either . we just left it up because that is the position we wanted it anyway . 
36 inches 
probably about 24 '' is lowest and maybe 40 '' is highest . not a real tall pub table 
24 '' 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details this table is 36.64 inches tall . i hope this helps ! 
i do n't have mine with me so i do n't have the exact size but when dry , its as big as my whole hand and once wet , it gets bigger and is bigger than my hand 
one 
yes 
the caps you are looking for have been discontinued and are unavailable . 
outer diameter of the lid and base is 1-3 4 '' . the body of the bottle is recessed slightly . 
my set is not marked bpa free . 
this oven easily accommodates standard 12 '' round or square pizzas . the inside dimensions are 13 '' wide x 13 '' deep and with the rack in the lower of the two position levels , there is 7 '' height clearance to the bottom of the upper heat elements ( and still a nice clearance above the lower heat elements ) . i bake bread quite a bit , but have n't in this oven , yet . none of the loaves i bake ever exceed 5 1 2 '' in height . i would say this oven would do fine , and when i do try it i will use the convection mode as i believe it will provide for very even baking . it does pizza , etc , fantastic ! someone said that they thought the fan was loud . i disagree . the bell that rings at the end of timed baking is adequately audible , as well . i hope this helps . 
depends on if the pan has handles that stick out . i have a 9x13 pan that fits in it but it is a perfect rectangle . 
yes it does . to be honest , seems like they all do . nevertheless , the unit is great . 
only complaint i have is that it gets very hot on the outside . just have to be aware but the oven works very well and does a great job . i would highly recommend . 
there will be some some firmness in the knobs because it is new , over time the knobs will become much easier to turn . 
the letters on mine do n't show any wear yet - i 've only had it for 6 months though . 
no it can not be removed for cleaning , but it folds all the way down so with spray and towels it can be cleaned . hope this helps you . 
the interior is not coated with non-stick . the interior of our toaster ovens are made of galvanized or aluminized steel . 
no it does not advance . it is not connected to the door or hinge . it is stationary . i hope this helps . as an additional tidbit , i just used the oven for the first time this morning . i baked two pans of frozen sweet rolls . one orange glazed , the other , cream cheese glazed . the instructions say to place them in a cold oven . then turn oven on to 350 degrees and bake for 30 min . i can tell you for a fact that they baked perfectly . obviously , i baked one pan at a time . the second pan went in while the oven was still warm . the instructions said that if you have a preheated oven to just reduce the baking time . which i did . perfect . my staff loved them . i am so glad i made this purchase ! 
1300 watt . very happy with this model . plenty powerful enough and convection works great . 
approximately 10 inches 
as long as the hose has a round metal end to fit into this it should . 
i do n't know for sure , but i would n't think so . 
i think it would work vertically . my husband wanted it horizontally and that is what works for our kitchen cabinet layout . 
calli ~ i tried to mount it on the inside of the cabinet door but was unable to because of where the door frame and cabinet frame intersected - your cabinet door frame might be different . i also tried to 'center ' the bar on the inside of the cabinet door and affix with gorilla glue but that did n't work because of the 'recess ' in the base where one would screw it in . i hang kitchen and bath towels on them - so i 've got them in the kitchen and all our bathrooms . good luck ! 
the space between the bar back and wall is 2-5 8 '' . the depth from the front ( outside ) the bar and the wall is 3 '' . 
it does not unscrew , jsut fits over the end of the rod . karen 
i would assume so . it just screws into a wall or any wood surface 
oops sorry , toilet paper yes . 
yes 
there is no reason . i have mine mounted under a cabinet . the only issue that i 've noticed is that extra large rolls of paper towels are a tight fit . 
in theory you could mount it anywhere with the right hardware . it only comes with two screws , and there 's two holes in the flat round base . i would think a handy person could mount it under a cabinet after a trip to home depot for the right hardware . 
the one i received does not have suction cups . that does mean it can swing around if it is very unbalanced . not a deal-breaker for me , but definitely a flaw . 
it 'll work in this scenario . in fact , the one i have hangs on the shower head and it does n't rest against the wall . as long as the arm of the shower head does n't lean forward on the part in which you 're going to hang it on , you 'll be fine . e.g. , otherwise it 'll slide off . 
i have had it in my shower for a couple of months and there is no rust . it also does not show water spots like some brushed nickel does . it looks just like it did the day i bought it . 
about 20 inches from the top of the hanging loop to the end of the hooks at the bottom . at its widest point , it 's about 9 inches . you may have noticed the caddy has a convex shape , so it widens out for the top shelf , then narrows a bit for the smaller lower shelf . 
no , mine arrived in flawless condition . 
it was unfastened , and in a giant plastic bubble of sorts , in a huge box . very shoddy packaging . 
not at all flexible 
it should be fine . my shampoo bottles are 9.5 inches tall and i do n't have a problem with them hitting the shower head 
we have a big bottle with a pump in the top shelf . it fits , but not right below the head , it 's off to the side . and it 's a little high to reach . the bottom line is this thing is a little small for my taste . it will probably work for you , but you may not love it . 
mine is level . i guess got lucky ! 
received 1 weight @ 10 grams and scale is accurate to .001 
yes , but only if good metrological practices are observed . 1 milligram = 0.001 grams , and that is the resolution of this scale . 
that it will do down to .001 
yes 
not sure if it is broken . mine had some bad readings until i figured out the the slightest breeze affected it . 
.1 gram is one decigram , so yes . it has been accurate to .001 g for me ( milligram ) 
a milligram is 1 1000th of a gram . 
the winsome storage rack that i purchased some time ago was of such poor quality when i opened the package that i immediately re-wrapped it and returned the item . i have always received good merchandise from amazon.com but they really `` missed the boat '' with this item . 
unit is : 29 '' high,11 1 2 '' deep,15 1 2 '' wide . these are for the 3 unit shelf . 
yes , it has a deep brown tone . 
about 20 but they would n't stand upright ( would be 30 in two rows if they did ) . i think there are better ways of storing dvds especially if you want them hidden . 
thanks for your question ! the 3 foldable baskets are included with the storage rack . they are covered in the price . as of september 18 , 2013 the listed price for the 3-basket option is $ 66.97 . this item is also available in a 2-basket and 4-basket option . i hope this helps ! 
should not take more than a minute or two . you may have the grind of the coffee too fine . if you are using the correct size mug there should not be a problem as the zevro is very simple in design . hope this helps & # 128522 ; 
it 's pretty easy once you know how . put your thumb on the outside of the bowl and the side of your index finger on the nub of the filter . squeeze your fingers together and the filter should pop right out . the filter can be disassembled by holding the nub in one hand and pulling the bottom of the filter away at the notches . that too should come right off . 
yes , it should fit . just tried it on the bottom of my blender jar , which measures exactly 3.75 '' across . seems to work ! 
measuring cup and 1 2. we use a measuring cup with a spout for an easy pour . we also use a large , flat-bottomed paper filer as well for easier clean up . ( can you guess ? we like things easy . ) we love our zevro . 
i do n't think you can use another filter on this drip coffee maker . the special filter snaps in and is made especially for the area where coffee drips through . however , i will try using a different filter to see if it works . 
i had the plastic piece at the top break off and i carved a piece of cork to fill the hole . this unit is cheaply constructed and it seems impossible to find anyone to replace it . too bad such a cool design . 
they 
no , you can use ground coffee of any coarseness you choose . i like it , but i found that my melitta single-cup brewing cone is still easier and more efficient . you have to use a paper filter with the melitta , but then you just throw the filter along with the grounds away after you 're done brewing - with the zevro , you have to take it apart and scrape out the grounds and then clean it out , so i went back to my melitta . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it makes cleaning easier and your cup with no fine grounds . 
the body is made of a very sturdy plastic and the filters ( 2 ) are stainless steel encased in plastic rings nestled together in a press fit in the base of the coffee maker . if you do n't mind a very small amount of very fine coffee grounds you can remove the 2nd filter and eliminate having to periodically to remove the filters for cleaning 
we use this machine with yellow coconut oil and a flavouring you can also buy at amazon . but i have also made popcorn with just canola oil and it pops just fine , added butter and salt to taste . the pre-packaged popcorn we have never used . we use this machine regularly for fund raisers and buy the popcorn in bulk , flavouring from amazon and the coconut oil from amazon . hope this helps you out . 
not sure but does a good job keeping corn warm . kettle is weak link with this unit . went through 2 in 4 months . 5 yr. warranty is a joke . kettle only has 30 day warranty . 
measurements are 18 '' wide 15 '' deep and 30 '' tall 
hello and thank you for this information . i believe you will need to order the full gear with bushing assembly . that can be purchased for $ 9.95 . please call us at ( 800 ) 665-0728. thank you . 
i ordered mine before x-mas holidays , used it allot and enjoyed great popcorn with my grandkids . still use it for kids parties and keeps up with with demand . mine works perfect so far . 
yes it is 
not sure if it has a warranty as i have owned mine for a couple of years now . great machine , no issues . probably has a limited warranty from the mfg . 
this is not commercial quality . i 'm happy with it for home use , but i would want more capacity , durability and easier cleaning if i was looking for a commercial machine . 
i thought it was , but when i got it there were no papers or anything in it . not to mention the motor burned out on it about 3 or 4 months after i bought it . do n't waste your money ! 
110. i have it set up in my family room . 
its a good size i bought it for my girlfriend who is 5'7 and she fits under it fine and loves it 
not real thick , not like a quilt . more like the thickness of a sweat shirt . 
if you dry it on low heat it should be fine . high heat melts the fibers and leaves crunchy spots . i have the van gogh print , not this one , but it should still apply . 
only one size available when we ordered . is knee throw size . perfect for snuggling and watching tv 
thanks for your question , as this item is fulfilled by amazon , one- and two-day shipping options are available . to see the available shipping options , simply add this item to your cart . on the shipping page you will see the available shipping times to choose from . once you have provided all the necessary information you will be able to view the estimated delivery dates for your order . if you are unhappy with the estimated delivery date , you do not need to place your order- simply remove the item from your cart . i hope this helps ! 
yes we accept returns . 
hi priority mail should be 2-3 days , thanks 
50 '' x 60 '' 
i have washed mine and dried in the dryer a couple of times and it still looks as good as it did the day i got it . 
i had the same problem . mine was under warranty , i sent it back but there was some sort of issue with availability of a repair replacement & they were kind enough to issue me a credit . that was very nice , but i was still out a thermometer ( i did like that one ) . in the end i bought a thermapen . it was crazy expensive & i thought i might have lost my mind , but over a year later it 's still going strong & i have no regrets . good luck ! 
the cable is designed to be exposed to the heat . i 've used mine in both the expected environment and on the barbie . the unit has worked flawlessly . just how is the unit `` failing '' ? if the meat you 're cooking is bone-in you need to be careful not to allow the probe to touch the bone . ( bone conducts heat more efficiently than meat and will yield a false reading leading to insufficiently cooked meat . 
about 3 feet 1 meter . more than enough to reach outside my grill or oven . i have used on both ! 
it always says ... . what is missing ? ? ? 
i would not recommend this product at all . barely lasted through 1-2 uses . do n't waste your money on it . 
hi there -- i would love to sell you one but ca n't do it . the glasses are packed together in a set created by the manufacturer . moreover , i shipped all of my sets to amazon when i first got the glasses about 2 months ago . so there is no practical way for me or anyone amazon fulfillment center associate to open up an existing set , repackage all 4 glasses as individual items , purchase a new distinct upc code for the sale of an individual glass , create a new amazon listing for an individual glass , and then send one to you while putting the other 3 back in the warehouse . i hope you understand and wish good luck in finding the single glass you are hoping for . tim forde owner brickstreet 
i 'm not sure the glasses do n't say and i do n't have the box sorry 
they were a gift so i do n't have them anymore but big enough for most or all of a 12 oz can . 
i do not know the exact amount , but i would say about 12-16oz . and they are acrylic . 
i 'm pretty sure they do ! it 's an asian company i beleive . or you purchase an adaptor . the best rice cooker ever ! 
it 's a charcoal gray . 
yes , i have n't used it though 
sorry this is not made in japan . please check for ns-zcc10 and ns-yac10 . these 2 are made in japan . 
it is suitable for small family . 
this one that i got is tsc18 it say in the back it made in china 
silver 
cooked and it is awesome . 
the one i bought was made in china 
yes there 's a steam basket . i would n't recommend this rice cooker if you make quick meals often . it takes an hour to cook ! my old rice cooker took 15 minutes . 
sure . it 's very hot water . 
no to both . it does not work on carpets & even propped against the wall , that thing falls over every single time . 
i clean homes for a living and i can say from experience that this will do the trick with the scrubber feature engaged . i sometimes use a little floor cleaner in a spray bottle to give it a little extra edge with the scrubber pad on really heavy spray ... 
i measured mine and it looks to be 12 '' x 5 3 4 '' . do n't know how they list the sizes when ordering . 
the power cord is about 25 ' and it holds 12oz ( 1 1 2 cups ) of water . 
ohhh no ! ! ! never did 
yes . i gave it as a christmas present to my daughter and she uses it on all her floors including her wood floors . 
yes you can but it will be difficult to do . on glass i use a homeade cleaner that works great 2 cups water 1 2 tsp dawn 1 4 cup white vinegar '' good luck ! 
yes 
it all depends how often you use it . i 'm currently using the original pads and i use it weekly . it just needs washing and it 's good as new . 
i 'm not sure ? you might have to ask the factory . 
it does n't come with a snapped on lid , however the lid sets securely in the unit . i love it ! 
http : www.ninjakitchen.com products 0 parts 2 ninja-searious-slow-cooker # _partsandaccessories 
my husband just weighed it . it is exactly 12 pounds , to the ounce . 
i 'm not sure i gave this to a friend for christmas . 
could n't come out any easier . just lifts right out . then goes back just as easy . the inside is non-stick and cleans with a wipe of the cloth . love , love , love my ninja ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
yes there are six spaces for bottles . i was able to simply reuse the shipping box that my foam insert was shipped in , it was the perfect size . 
17.25 w 12.25d 15.75 h. that is for the 1.5 liter bottles , 6 pku which is pictured 
i have not measured , however the item was too big for the corresponding box i ordered at same time that is suppose to fit . had to use the box amazon shipped for air transport , which was cumbersome and enormous . i have carried wine all over the world and this container sizes up with my 12 bottle containers . would search for smaller options such as the horizontal fiber type . 
go to the following website : http : www.ninjakitchen.com mega-kitchen-system parts.html 
no 
i do not have any direct experience with the ninja 800 series with the dual speed blades . the theory looks good , and i would guess it works very well . since you appear to want to do smoothies ( from your purchase of the nutribullet ) the dual speed blade would only come into play if you are using the large 72 oz pitcher , as the individual cups would get a single speed blade . i choose the 700 series with the single speed blades because we wanted the accessories that came with that model , and to have the ability to do various tasks . as far as our 770 series , the unit has performed well over the few months we have owned it . in the first week , i tried all the functions , crushing ice , making smoothies , making bread dough , chopping vegies , and mixing cake batter . all functions worked great . in the long haul , we have made bread dough , do cake & brownie mixes , cookie dough , and blend ground turkey with other meats ( for flavor ) . we want to do more smoothies , it does a fantastic job on them , but have n't done many yet . it runs great , does a terrific job , and cleans easily . but any type of motorized equipment can be bad out of the box , sounds like the case with your nutribullet . 
the one i own is 115 v with an american plug . 
yes you can remove the blades 
have n't thrown it on a scale , but it 's pretty hefty . any blender rated in horsepower is going to be pretty heavy -- and needs to have the gravity to stay put when doing some heavy blending . i love mine 
this appliance is built to last . my family utilise this on a daily basis and it looks brand you even to this day . so with proper care ie clean up after each use , you will have a product for a very very very long time . 
yes , they are made of a high grade of plastic , easy to wash , and dry clear . 
it will chop them in the chopper attachment , but definitely more on the wet side . i use if for chopping onions all the time though . not so good for tomatoes , if i may say . 
i have used it with the blade that comes with it and it works just fine ! 
i believe it is 1500 
yes . i use it for chill nights at spring and autumn . 
united states . and they are beautiful . just excellent . the picture can not capture how excellent her linens are in person . 
it 'll work on a b150 
the reusable cup works great if you use the filters . 
no , the keurig punches the hole in the paper - it works great ! 
i had to alter the one that i got to make it work in my mini . i needed to make the hole in the lid larger . 
it should work with any machine that takes a standard k-cup . 
do not know . however this cup is no different than cups you can buy in stores now so why order . ii believe walmart has them . 
there is one plastic cup and 100 paper filters that go inside the plastic cup . 
to make it stronger , use the smallest size setting 4 oz . and put in fresh grounds for each 4 oz until you get the full mug . 
if the machine takes regular kcups it should work . i use mine in the platinum brewing system , just make sure the grind is not too fine . 
mine is 1.5 qt . good for 1 or 2 people . 
it is about 3 1 2 inch deep and 6 inch wide 
yes . very well . has a large rubber seal 
i do not know what `` pfoa '' stands for . ask amazon to ask their supplier . 
nope , sorry . : ( i put in an induction cooktop , not thinking about the pans . had to stop using my calaphalon and buy some new ones . now , we 're back to gas . i would gladly give up my calaphalon to go back to induction ! 
ye , s it stays cool . 
5 inches tall , 2 3 4 inches in diameter . greetings . 
it is significantly more , in fact ! i bought the complete 12 oz . one for $ 19.99 and they are asking for $ 35.00 for just the spare glass . guess i will just buy another complete one . makes no sense at all . 
yes . i just love the bodum . i have the 12 ounce for company and the 3 cup for myself . oh , the coffee tastes so delicious . enjoy ! ! 
yes it does 
yes . they break too easily even though i was very careful with them . i went through 4 replacements in about 3 years . eventually i got tired of replacing the glass and went with a stainless steel french press instead . 
it should . just make sure you are ordering the right sized beaker . the beaker size has to fit the ounce or cup size of your french press . make sure you only buy the bodum brand beaker . the others will not fit . 
`` 3 cups '' means three espresso cups ( 4 ounces each ) . 
per tape measure : height 7 in . diameter 4 1 2 inches . i hope that helps . 
yes , the replacement glass is made and labeled by bodum . way cheaper than a whole new press . this is probably the 4th replacement i have purchased for my french press purchased about 15 years ago . 
so my glass carafe ( glass only- not including the stand ) is 7.5 '' high , and 4 3 4 '' diameter , and it is the 12 cup french press , by bodum . if that helps you narrow it down . try to 10 cup glass carafe if yours is slightly smaller than mine ( i do n't know if they truly have a 10 cup press- i do know they sell the 8 cup press ) . good luck ! 
according to my ruler its 4 1 2 inches . 
i was asked to respond to your question , but i dont know what you require for your latteo milk wisp . i have bought several of the glass replacement beakers ( or carafes ) for my 12 cup bodum 51 ounce french press coffee maker and they work perfect - i 've broken a few ! dont know what you need for your situation , but think this carafe might not be for you . try googling `` bodum replacement carafe for latteo milk wisp '' . good luck ! brenda 
i do not have a black insulating bottom on mine , mine has a chrome frame in which it sets . so i do not know the answer to your question . sorry 
what are your height , diameter needs ? 
12 cup 51 oz or 1.5 liter ; outside ; : 7.25 h , 4.57 w dia at base , 4.75 dia at top lip , inside : 7.12 h , 4.4 dia 
the three we have are all 3-7 8 '' diameter by 7 '' tall . 
authentic bodum replacement . 
the replacement carafe for my bodum is 7 1 2 '' tall , and 3 3 4 '' across the top at the outside edge . i am very pleased with my replacement . i use it a lot ! 
i just went from the original packaging when i purchased the press at target- it gave me the correct volume amount . 
i ca n't say for sure . it appears to be the same , but i bought mine for the bodum chambord 8 cup french press coffee maker , 34 oz. , chrome . the bodum brazil appears to be the same size ( 34 oz ) . 
yes 
i have no idea , however the replacement glass i purchased for about 4 cups of coffee measures 3 and 3 4 inches in diameter and holds about 1 liter . hopes this helps . 
this one is 3-7 8 '' x 7-1 8 '' 
the carafe is for the larger bodum . it is about 4 inches in diameter and a little more than 7 inches in height . 
i purchased this to go with my bodum french press coffee maker , 8 cup , 1.01 liter , 34 oz . it fit perfectly . i am thrilled . 
fits perfectly . 
no it does not ... 
diameter = 4 '' circumference = 12 '' depth = slightly under 5 '' 
amazon sent this to me so i assume it is the same replacement i purchased . my current beaker has only a 1 and a 2 , and the 2 is circled . there is no 3 . 
not recommended 
my order of this product arrived as a pile of shards of glass ; so technically yes , you could pour the shards into any bodum french press , the eileen included . to give a far less snarky answer , i think it would , but i would double-check the dimensions for each press to make sure . 
my french press is not electric . i 'd check on line w bodum . 
12 inch circumference , 5 inch depth 
yes , that 's what i have . 
yes , this machine has aluminum parts , however , the parts are not in direct contact with the coffee or its constituents 
i 've been using a 50mm and it 's been working great . a 40mm would be too small . 
no limit 
no , none what 's so ever . i have parkinson 's and use it . 
yes 
i got this for a friend for christmas . and i asked her afterwards if she liked it , she said yes . that it was a good choice and she was satisfied . sorry if that was n't specific enough . 
i do n't know much about this particular model which i believe only makes espresso . but i do know that but jura capresso which is awesome .its fully automatic coffee espresso and cappuccino machine . 
sorry i purchased it as a gift so i have no idea 
this machine is very temperamental on the grind . i found that bustello ( the black pack , gourmet ) it one of the only grinds that works well . additionally , i unscrewed and pulled out the little nossle under the basket designed to make the crema , it just makes foam , yuck . so , with the noise out , and with bustello gourmet in , use a slight tamp . for me , i prefer to pull a ristretto using this combo for the best tasting shot . if you pull it too long , it goes bitter . 
type `` descaler espresso machine '' into the amazon search box for some products . but , you should only use purified water from bottles to keep the pump clear at all times . 
yes it comes with the 42 oz carafe . 
yes to a single hot cup of coffee , but no to the three hours ... .. auto shutoff occurs after two hours and the carafe is glass ... ..does not stay hot without the plate on . 
i 'm not 100 % certain but i always assumed it is a diff temperature because there is a separate `` tea '' button . 
13 `` 
medium grind works for me . 
yes , it blinks dimmer when in sleep mode . if you press a button , it will wake up and all the lights will come on . 
yes there is a separate holder for tea 
yes , put the amount of water you want in the tank with the appropriate amount of coffee in the coffee filter basket and push the carafe button . 
by touch and visual sensing i would speculate a lightweight metal mesh . objectively i do n't know . i have used my capresso for about 13 months . i have not detected any change in the color or firmness of the material . i do wash the head and filter unit by hand after each use . 
good idea . kinda hard to follow through with avoiding chinese products . this is a swedish designed coffee machine made in ... ... china ! ! but works great . 
no ! ! ! it 's very easy ! ! ! great product 
yes . pretty much all heat producing devices do as the production chemical residues burn off . but this toaster is junk ! mine failed after a few dozen uses and is not returnable . $ 70 for a toaster that failed , and i still own a 15 year old toaster that cost $ 15.00 ! 
i 'm still pleased with this toaster . i am appreciating the shape rectangle with a smaller counter-top footprint than my previous 4 slice toaster which was probably 14 '' x 14 '' . i thought i might miss the 4 slice feature for 2 of us , but during the timing of cooking , the 2 slice is working fine for just 2 of us . it toasts fine - any inconsistencies are so minor they 're not worth the scrutiny or specifically discounting this toaster ... .pick your battles ( have you read toaster ratings ? jeez ) the toaster has an attractive look and i consider my new toaster to be an upgrade from my last one . i still recommend this toaster . 
yes , it seems one side browns and the other does not . however , i eat only gluten free and it does n't brown like wheat breads do . i am still happy with the toaster , it 's long so i can put larger pieces in it , bagels and crumpets fit nicely , and it defrost very well . 
900 watts . 
no 
thjr the kalorik toaster that i purchased was dead on arrival , did not work . amazon refunded all monies , including shipping . 
no only on one side . 
the outside is part metal , part plastic , and part glass . the plastic does n't get hot . 
it 's 900 watts and a terrible toaster . 
yes . i have n't had any issues with sticking . i use this pot every other day at least . 
i have never used it in the oven , so i 'm really not sure . i 'm sorry . 
i believe its in georgia 
blue 
i ordered it for christmas and have used it several times since . i have no issues with it at all and love it.. it 's great for making soups ... 
we use it on gas our gas stove at home , anything else i would not know . 
the packages i bought each had 36 labels . 
these are really cool , classy labels and make your jars look awesome . they may not be for you if you are canning boatloads of stuff . but they are well worth it for any that you are going to give out as gifts , display in your kitchen , and especially perfect if you are storing things in jars like spices , buttons , candy , etc . if you are looking for cheap , why label at all ? just write on your jar with a sharpie . 
they shrink immediately ! pros : quick & easy to apply . the labels were secure and retained their position , even after a few dishwasher cycles . cons : the labels are unforgiving to an improper sleeve fit . a `` do-over '' is not an option ! tip : make sure the water is hot , but not boiling . i stuck a long wood skewer between the jar and the label . pulling outward to hold the label in place & to create tension for a smooth label face . then concurrently pulled the skewer out as i submerged the jar . 
i thought about that , too ! but i have n't tried yet . they are n't a typical size and i 'm not sure if my printer will choke trying to feed the plastic through . also , as they 're a circle folded in two , i suspect slippage would be an issue , as well . 
i wrote on them in a fine to permanent maker . the labels work wonderfully . they hold up awesome and give you a really good fit . when the jar is empty you can just cut the label off . no more sticky stuff . i think they would work great for your douce jars . i got compliments on how cute the jars looked too ! 
size capacity and ease of cleaning . the pro is smaller , but faster and much easier to clean . the tec is larger but takes much longer and is more difficult to keep clean . also you can only froth milk in the tec any powder mixes clog it up whereas the pro is great fro mixing chai and hot chocolates . we use both and hands down the pro works great and is a super easy to clean . we also have a 500ml secura automatic electric milk frother and warmer like the tech it has a larger capacity and can only froth milk ( no powders ) but it is super fast . on the downside it 's got electronics on the pot itself which makes cleaning a little more delicate . 
10 ounces if you 're frothing . 
it is now made of glass . the older version was made of plastic . it works great ! 
the bottom appears to be coated with some kind of non-stick material that gradually flakes off in the washing . the spinner disk has a plastic base and handle , and the lid is plastic . the solution may be a trip to italy ? ! 
i would have no idea , i am a buyer not the seller . ask the seller . 
i do not think so 
yes , it is . we love our capresso ... we use it everyday ... sometimes twice ! we use raw goat milk and it froths up fantastic ! 
yes 
the bottom says china . but it must be tough since they shipped it to me in the retail box , no other packaging whatsoever . i was sure it would n't work , but it has been fine for almost two months . 
i have tried all of these home frothers and i found this one to be the best one . almond , skim and soy milk will not foam as much but it does form enough to make a latte . 
bpa free plastic with metal bottom and cap . the metal bottom is wrapped around the plastic bottle . 
this unit will not work with 430l co2 
this is not an electric model and is only powered by the co2 . 
thank-you for your inquiry . unfortunately due to the carbonation unit found within the machine ae are unable to ship to your location . my sincerest apologies on this issue . mysecretpantry.com 
thank-you for your inquiry . as far as we no they are in stock and not discontinued . we do have the metal units in stock . our code number for them are sc11010 - white , sc11011 black , sc11012 blue , sc11013 red . again thank-you for your inquiry . 
i bought this as a gift for my daughter whose family likes it a lot . so i do n't have first hand experience . you might try contacting the manufacturer . or try a retail store which sells sodastream . 
it can , but not to the capacity listed . it 's really designed for sleeves ( included ) that hang from the rails . 
the sleeves are n't numbered but there are alphabetical dividers . 
front and back on each sleeve . 
yes , but certain angles no . i would not recommend for your application . 
included 
not only is it machine washable , it also dries quickly and does n't wrinkle ! ! ! 
it does say that it is made in china , imported by e & e co. , ltd in fremont , ca 
i love mine . one of the shams did n't get sewn in a corner and who i ordered from , designer living ( 62.99 ) , offered me 3 options to choose from , all in my favor , in my opinion . as to the colors , i guess they are more muted than the picture but my room is darker , there 's is lighter . but the picture to me mostly gives you an idea of what it is . the purple and the red stand out . there 's also an orange red color . has two blue colors one a teal blue the other a lighter , sky blue or just one less intensity than the teal , even a royal blue . there is a olive color and a mustardy lime color that is probably the most color used but more as a background , the purple , red , and teal stand out when i look at it . it 's so comfortable and soft , and i 've washed it quite often now , had it since sept 2013 , and it still is beautiful . this winter , i had flannel sheets and this . never put on a heavy blanket . live in kansas . we keep the house at 68 during day and 62 at night . in summer we do 76 -78 in the house so not sure how this will fit in at that time . it 's not heavy , lightweight and cozy , so my example of winter use may not fit yours if you like heavier and possibly warmer . 
i washed it in cold water and it did fine : ) 
yes 
the king is currently out of stock . i do n't know why the seller has it listed at that price . h she should have taken it down . if you would like , i also sell this item and i would be happy to contact you personally when it is available . 
i got the king & when i got the package it says king or california king . it fits my king bed very well . theres enough hanging on each side . i measured 92 inches long & 103 inches wide for the king . you will love this . ive had it for months & i still love everything about it . king size comes with king pillow shams 
the king size sets are out of stock right now , but i believe the true price for the king size tamil quilt set would be $ 129.95 . that is what i sell them for . 
it is a lite weight quilt . if you live up north , it would be perfect for summer . if you live in the south , it is perfect year round . 
it 's pretty light weight . 
it is flat , perfect for use on a smooth top electric dual burner . 
yes , we use it on our gas stove all the time . very happy with it . 
i have not . but judging from the fact that my griddle warped on medium-high heat after only weeks of use , i would not use it . great for pancakes , torillas , eggs over easy . 
yes , it can safely go in oven up to 350 degrees with the rubber handles . 
soak it in water . 
no , aluminum is not induction compatible . consider cast iron or stainless steel alternatives 
i have never put it in the dishwasher as it is too large . it is super easy to clean . 
yes 
dear c.smith , the only difference will be the spatula . otherwise the cooking ability is the same . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . sincerely , tonia d . 
induction cooktops require cookware that is magnetic - - iron , steel , etc .or clad in magnetic material . generally speaking , aluminum , copper , glass or pyrex , non-magnetic stainless steel etc will not work . you can goggle `` induction cooking '' for more details . 
no , it is a great pan though . i had purchased the paula deen 15 piece set earlier and really liked the small frying pan so i ordered the large one to add to set . i use a lid from original set when needed . easy to clean ! ! ! 
it measures 2-1 4 '' minus the thickness of the pan . 
yes but not like it was made for it . the one i use doesnt sit down completely on the pan however it fits well enough to not make a mess 
i really could not tell you where these are made . but , i can say they are great skillets . they heat evenly and are easy to clean . 
outside bottom l 9 '' 5 8 -w 6 '' 1 4 - inside heigh 3 '' 3 4 i hope that this helps you it is a great item to have : - ) 
this pan would be more for soups , rice , potatoes and pasta . it 's size would limit you to maybe 3-4 smaller ears of corn on the cob . still an awesome pan . i have the larger one as well that i use for corn on the cob . 
yes . it just overlaps like a large round pot would . i love mine . it is perfect for pasta and i use it to brown roasts before putting it into the oven . it has high sides so there is less splatter . very desirable for the deep seated neat freak in me . 
the inside diameter is approximately 5 and 1 2 inches . i own calphalon cooking ware , but i purchased this circulon unit because i wanted something smaller to cook asparagus or four ears of corn on the cob . works luck a charm ! the inside basket makes steaming so easy . no problem with clean-up ! because the handle of the lid is taller than most pots , i turn the top inward to fit in my cupboards . my daughters bought themselves one each because they liked how mine steamed . 
2 to 3 lbs if they are thing , or a pound of the bigger ones 
i tried a magnet on mine . it did not stick . awesome pot though . 
it can be used the same but is capable of so much more 
in order to get the crispy skin , you would set the ninja to stovetop high put a little oil in the pot and sear the chicken on all the sides , this will crisp up the skin . this will also seal in the juices of the chicken during the cooking . once you sear it then you can steam roast it . subscribe to me on youtube . i put recipes up weekly , search youtube for im14pinball , you will see my videos . hope this helps ! 
nothing . but you can brown a roast or stew meat in it , leave it in the ninja to finishing roasting or to slow cook , without leaving your stove burners or oven turned on , and without changing pots or pans . it is cheaper to use than a stove , and safer to leave on and working in the slow cook mode , if you need to leave the house . in addition , it is easy to transport to another location , and can cook a full meal anywhere there is an electric outlet . 
there is no difference . i bought the mc701 from target for $ 99 and the mc703 on amazon for $ 159 . they are both 1200 watt units , exact same model . the mc703 just refers to the unit with oven mitts , heat pad , muffin pan . it is a marketing scam . buy the mc701 from target for $ 99 and use your own mitts and hot pad . the mc701 sears and sautees even though it does not list in on the box . it tells you how to sear in the owners manual and recipe book included . you just turn to stove top high and sear your chicken , etc . in the unit . i checked the model # on the physical units and they are identical . i then called the support line at ninjakitchen.com and they verified that the only difference is the additional cooking items . so save your money and buy the mc701 . see picture and description of professional model on ninjakitchen website . only difference is hotpads , mitts , muffin pan and a lame , too small warmer : http : ninjacooking.ninjakitchen.com special-offers 
i have . the hole was n't an issue . i believe its there to accommodate the other cooking methods ( steaming , baking ) but it did n't change the result of my recipes . i totally love that thing and it 's multi functions . hope this helped a little . 
you can program in the time you want it to cook and it will automatically turn off . nothing that 's plugged in is completely safe but i do leave the house while it 's cooking . i just love this product ! 
no 
yes , there is a timer and you can set it for as long or short as you like . 
i have never had that problem , i 'm using it right now.slow cooker for beef stew with noodles . ( 5 hrs . ) 
i have not used to bake bread but i can not see any reason why you ca n't . it bakes evenly and seals well . 
i believe the care instructions are to `` spot clean '' only . therefore , i would suggest just using a damp sponge or cloth with soap to clean those areas that have gotten dirty . and then use a clean white cloth to just soak up the mositure and let air dry . please let me know if that works as these are the instructions i have been given in terms of caring for my sofa upholstery and it is working for me . 
measured with my tape measure . they 're 24 x 18 and very plump . about 3 inches high or plump . hope that helps . 
no ! there is no zipper ! this is an indoor outdoor , heavy canvas pillow ! no need for a zipper ! i would hand wash the outer surface . love it ! ! ! 
thank you for visiting our store ! we only carry this pillow in size 18 '' x 24 '' at this time . 
24.99 
it 's comfortable . it 's probably fiberfill so it 's not like a latex bed pillow but looks like it will hold it 's shape . 
they are awesome ! ! they do have more of an outdoor feel to them . i have them at my beach house and they fit perfect for that environment . 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 8.27 x 4.92 x 9.69 
it is 110v electric . ( plug-in ) 
the casing is plastic . 
hi michele ! yes , there is room for components and the add-on component shelf is a great add-on that needs to be purchased separately . 
brown 
we deliver to the us and canada only at this time . 
the inside mechanism that holds the tv and goes up and down . it was n't hard , but you do need 2 people . 
that 's kind of a mouthful lol , but yes i believe there should be the word `` polyester '' somewhere on the page if that 's what they 're made of or if they contain any . `` egyptian quality '' is confusing and people may believe these sheets are made of real egyptian cotton , buy them , and then receive them to find out that they do n't feel like egyptian cotton at all . thank goodness my roommate has never had egyptian cotton sheets before or she would be pretty upset with her birthday gift lol . i was n't too pleased though . these are so not as awesome as real egyptian cotton . it was stupid of me to think i could get it for this cheap though and they 're soft enough i guess . 
yes and they have a flap on the inside to keep the pillow in place 
as long as you have deep pocket sheets , there should be no problem 
we did not experience any shrinkage after washing and drying the sheets . 
probably a little too deep . my mattress is 18 '' and fits easy . how this helped 
egyptian quality is not 100 % egyptian cotton . more than likely polyester blend . these are not true egyptian cotton sheets . they must say 100 % egyptian cotton with no other blends . 
unfortunately i do not know the exact dimensions , however i can tell you that i ordered the queen deep pocket sheet set and it fit perfectly . this was especially satisfying because i 've found my mattress to be really difficult to shop for . i hope this helps . 
yes the comforter can fit inside the duvet . it has buttons to enclose the comforter inside . the duvet cover is loose over the comforter . which seemed strange at first but we have grown to actually love the loose feeling and look . for the price you ca n't beat it . i will being buying a different color for christmas . and surprisingly the cover holds up well i wash my sheets several times a week and still nice and soft ! 
the tag states : 100 % microfiber . it feels like soft cotton and does n't wrinkle . we use it in the summer for our lightweight comforter . my wife and i both like it very much and are considering buying another in a different color . only drawback is that it 's made in china . 
it would ship out within 2 business days and should arrive no later than 3 business days 
yes it does . i love it ! 
no , there are no ties but it fits perfectly . 
buttons 
the ad states size as 108 x 102 , actual size received was 104 x 90 , would not fit my comforter and had to be returned . 
the one i received was labeled as `` made in china '' . 
no ! not a drop , ever . the `` spout '' is somewhat square with a gripping top part that sort of pinches off the flow . no drippage . yes , it has a rubber or plastic gasket inside , and a spare is included . i love this thing . worth every penny . you get what you pay for . details ! ! ! 
yes , is easy to operate . 
if you put the gasket in the base of the lid and screw it on the glass it fits snuggly and prevents leaks . 
i purchased this as a gift . try sur la table . they carry gaskets for jars in a variety of suzes 
about a cup . it actually holds more than that , but if you fill it past the metal cover , it drips . works great if you do n't fill it too much . you just have to refill more often . i wish they had a dispenser that was a little bigger than this one . 
appears to be china . however , it is very well made . my only complaint is the small volume it holds . but , it does not drip , and does not leak . that makes everything else unimportant . 
you just use one , the second is a spare . it goes inside the silver top , all the way against the top . it 's a gasket to prevent leaking . 
i find it extremely easy to clean . each time i refill it , i simply take the top off and run under warm water . the honey stickiness just rinses right off . i do n't know if this has to do with the type of honey ( i use local honey ) but my only complaint is that i wish this was bigger . love it ! 
absolutely . it easily comes on and off ... .i do it all the time to clean and add more honey . 
yes they are 18 10. i specifically bought this to prevent marks on our dinnerware . anything less than 18 8 will mark any stoneware type dinner settings . hope this helps . 
vietnam nam 
only the knives have the wmf logo . spoons are stamped with `` wmf cromargan 18 10 '' . 
same thickness . very well balanced in the hand . 
yes-the spoon and fork handles have the normal curves you would expect ( seen from the side ) 
by my measure , the pillows are 16.5 inches long , 10 inches high , and 5 inches deep . hope that helps . 
no . 
yes it has solid teal on the back . 
very small , like probably 16 inches long , i thought it was a body pillow when i bought it . 
it 's only one . i bought two each $ 22 sth . 
yes 
it 's a solid teal ! 
no , it 's indoor fabric . the color is true to the picture 
the base size is 12.5 '' . 
handle to handle is 19 1 4 inch . not familiar with 18 '' green egg but my guess would be it would not fit . 
i think it would be hard to find a lid big enough to cover this pan , and honestly it is not designed to be used with a cover . 
very shallow . maybe 2 -2 1 2 inches on an angle . ok for roashing or making something with a small amount of liquid . think large frying pan . not super useful but if you have a bunch of pans it is an nice addition 
i have a gas range , so i can only tell you that it heats unevenly on that surface . it is so large that i tried lighting the front and back burners simultaneously to see if the problem would disappear with more heat sources . it did not . it performed well in the oven and we enjoyed it tremendously over an open camp fire . 
yes 
40 % weight of cast iron . buy it and cook good stuff , one of the best pans in my kitcken 
about an eighth of an inch metal thickness . 
tends to concentrate the heat in the center . be mindful of getting too much heat in the center ring.. 
probably not , but i love this pan ! 
it 's a head neck support . unless you have no neck it will do its job . 
polyester fiber 
it 's bulky in the sense that you ca n't really fold it and it maintains its weird helmet-like shape all the time . but it 's really very light so i do n't mind . plus i was so comfortable wearing it that i was asleep for most of the flight . i have never done that before ! i 'd always be awake worrying that something would go wrong with the plane etc . i could hardly believe that the jpillow actually lulled me to sleep and calmed my nerves . but that 's what it did to me on my last flight from sfo to tampa , fl . : ) 
i have used it on planes ( high back ) and when sitting on the couch ( low back ) . it does not immobilize your head as it is stuffed similar to a firm plush toy . it allows you to lean your head slightly to one side or the other while gaining support on that side 's shoulder . your head remains upright when sitting upright , if you slumped forward the pillow will not work . the head is gently `` cradled '' by the two wings and the chin is supported ( not firmly propped up ) by the `` j '' aspect . it does not use the back of the chair for support , rather your shoulder is the prop . hope this helps 
yes , it helps support the side of your head by holding your chin and side of face . 
my daughter is about the same size ... she loves it . 
i found it worked extremely well when i had my head turned to the side a bit and the pillow braced between the headrest and my head & neck . it worked much better than any u-shaped pillow i 've ever tried . 
mine does not have a crease . sounds like you need to exchange it . 
no it doesnt , very comfortable . i fly from dubai to atlanta and back ( 14+hrs one way ) and it is a great pillow ! wish i would have bought it much sooner ! 
hello , i did not find that i needed to do secure it . it has so many different ways to use it , you can change it to fit your specific needs . i turned it depending on my neck and which way i wanted support . it did not fall out of position . if one position did n't work , i turned it . i truly loved it , just took a bit to get used to and figure out . best to you . 
4 inches 
it 's one pan with 6 holes in it : - ) 
these usa pans are the best you will ever use . the buns on my pan have not stuck to the pan , the only thing i noticed was that they were a little more brown on the bottom than on the top of the buns 
handwashing is recommended . i have never put mine in the dishwasher because the metal is aluminum which from past experience does n't fare well in the dishwasher . the nonstick silicone coating is extremely easy to wash anyway . 
each well holds 8 ounces of water . 
that 's kind of a crazy question , because i ca n't imagine a cooking pan with a toxic coating . yes , though , this coating is non toxic , and it is a good one too . 
a standard size hamburger bun , about 4 in . 
the capresso has a range of settings from fine to coarse . downside : the coffee grounds get a static electrical charge during grinding . when the canister is removed and when pouring the fresh grounds into the coffee pot filter , coffee flies everywhere like crazy . you can let it set after grinding to discharge , but that takes too long for me . 
sorry this took so long to answer . i finally had a chance to measure the weight of a full hopper . it held exactly 1 2 pound of coffee beans . 
this is the 565 and i love it , it 's my first burr grider and very well made quiet . see this page they reference the 565 : http : www.capresso.com coffee-grinders-burr-infinity.shtml get one and enjoy perfectly ground fresh coffee ! 
10 and 1 2 inches 
i have not a `` shelf life test '' . i grind and use immediately . that said , on occasion , i 'm not always exact when it comes to grinding the right the amount of beans for the amount of coffee whether for french press or espresso . in that case , i typically use the leftover amount the next day . good luck ! 
moderate . in our case , the bedroom is down the hall from the kitchen and with a closed door you can barely hear the sound and if one of us is sleeping , it will not wake us up . if you are in the kitchen , you will not want to try talking over its sound . 
for a 1 2 cup of beans it is about 20 seconds 
very fine . and the fine setting itself has three levels of `` fineness '' . i think you 'll be satisfied . 
china 
i can not imaging why . maybe it is from the cleaning supplies that come with it . 
the total height is 10.5 inches . it is 7.625 inches deep and 5.1875 inches wide . without the removable bean bin , the base stands 7.625 inches high . 
the `` timer '' is not for tracking time . your means of control is the amount of beans you place in the hopper . if there is `` time '' left on the timer you let it run out ( you can shift the hopper `` dial '' so that the grinder stops while the timer runs down . if the timer runs out and there are beans still in the hopper , you reset the timer for your best guess at finishing the grinding . for a 12-cup drip , start with 2 3 of a cup of whole coffee beans which will yield about the same amount of grounds . the next time adjust the amount of beans based on your taste prefernce - more beans for a stronger coffee , less for a milder coffee . if you want to keep a voulme of beans in the hopper ( i dont recommend this as the hopper is not air tight which is best for storing whole beans ) you will have to experiment with what setting to use on the timer as it is not calibrated for `` time '' ie seconds , or minutes , etc . 
call their customer service . they were very helpful to me when i experienced a problem 
yes , but- slightly tip the grinder forward and tap the bottom on the counter before pulling out the plastic container or only grind half of what you need at a time . good luck , both methods work for me . 
yes 
it is really trial and error . i add less than 1 cup of beans and turn the timer to about 8. it will stop grinding when the beans are gone and if you need more time you simply add a few more seconds . 
yes it is . i really like this grinder . it 's been grinding fresh coffee for us for about a year now and still running great . 
under specs it is listed only as 110 volt so i doubt it is 220 ready . 
i 've never tried anything but coffee beans . 
1 year 
yes , it comes with one mug . mine worked great for 2 weeks and then just stopped . no reason for it but just would n't work . i would n't recommend it . 
it has a filter basket so it does n't need a filter ... . the filter basket is small and dome shaped so a 'pod ' filter ( the kind with coffee already in it ) might fit , but not a 'traditional ' filter.. even a smaller size . 
you can use coffee from an opened capsule but one capsule is n't enough unless you like you coffee on the weak side 
no 
no problem making cocoa , tea or other hot beverages as long as the mix bag is in the cup prior to running the water through . i found this way better than using the filter within the machine to put cocoa bag into . 
it is just 120 volt 
you probably have to send to the company . although , the filter that comes with it is a perminant filter . 
you receive a hot cup of coffee . my wife uses it to just brew hot water for tea . so far it has been a good purchase . 
i would think that you need a converter 
i put two teaspoons of my coffee plus a glass of twelve ounces of water and me is perfect , clear as i like 
yes . i always use large size eggs . one tip i learned through trial and error though is that you want to cool the eggs after cooking at room temperature . do n't chill them immediately to stop the cooking or they will be underdone . 
we just spent 20 minutes looking for these so called `` markings '' on cup . i will save you some frustrations . quit looking , they are not there . horrible directions plus crappy quality control equals guessing on correct amount of water . 
i 'm not sure whether it shuts off automatically or not , however it 's a moot point for me because the buzzer is so loud you have to shut that off anyway which also turns off the unit . and depending on how 'large ' your large eggs are , you may not be able to fit 7 eggs in there ( which is the max limit ) but it really depends on the shape of the egg as well ... the 'fatter ' and rounder an egg is , the less you 'll be able to fit in , but the longer and slimmer the egg is , the more you 'll be able to fit in . you also have to remember to adjust your water level for large or extra large eggs to cook longer , depending on how runny you like them . 
hello susan ... i was just eating an egg made from the unit in question for lunch ; it was a perfect hardboiled egg . the user needs to be careful right after the unit has shut off . the temperatures exceed 200 degrees and can scald one if not careful . if you let the appliance stand for a while after finishing the temperatures becomes very manageable . the handle on the unit which holds the eggs is small . my suggestion to you , when using this appliance by an elderly person , is to place a bowl of cold water right next to the unit so that when the eggs are finished the rack can be lifted and placed in the water . this will allow the eggs to cool quickly and be easier to remove the shells . and secondly , allow for the bowl to be used to move the eggs around easily alleviating the need to worry about the small handles on the rack . the heating element base area tends to discolor due to minerals in the water . i pour very hot water in the unit and let it stand for a short time when cleaning it . i then pour out the water and scour the deposits with an abrasive sponge . the stain comes off very easily this way . i just thought i 'd pass along this little tidbit of information . also , when punching a hole in the egg to let out excessive steam so they do not explode do this to the larger side of the egg . instructions call for the smaller side , but the other side works better . lastly , add two lines more water to the unit ( to what the instructions call for ) for 7 hard boiled eggs.the system seems to need a little extra time steaming for perfect eggs ... and they do come out perfect . i hope i have been helpful to you . 
it buzzes until one shuts the cooker off . 
sometimes it does this type the best . you just follow the amount of water needed for the amount of eggs you are doing at one time . there are water levels listed on the cup the desired degree in which you want your eggs done . 
it does n't shut off . it sounds a very loud alarm that they eggs are done . you will not miss it . ha..ha . it sounds like a smoke alarm . i love my egg cooker . i use it all the time . best ever ! 
it appears to shut off , but the buzzer goes off continuously until you walk over and turn it off . so i say it `` appears '' to shut off because you have to run over and shut the buzzer off manually anyway . you have to hang out in the vicinity of the kitchen to wait for it to go off . i enjoy the speed and convenience of it otherwise , it is quick at least . 
jeannie this will probably not answer your question . when the buzzer sounds , the only way to stop it is to turn the egg cooker off . trust me , when you hear the buzzer , that 's the only thing you want to do . it is so annoying . the description says it has automatic shutoff so i would say they are setting themselves up for a lawsuit if it does n't have that option . i just ca n't keep the buzzer sounding to check and see if the product cools down on its own . i still love it and it 's easy to use after you get it figured out . 
not very long ... . about 12-15 minutes . 
im not sure but i 'd think you could get one at khols , since they sell the setup there . 
500watts according to home depot website 
you can locate `` standard '' gold mesh coffee filters here at amazon . they have various sizes but not sure if these standards would fit in the bella appliance . bella products do come with company registration form and if not i 'm sure staff at bella company can assist you . i did locate the bella company website that has a contact number . here is the link : http : www.bellaappliances.com beverages coffee-and-tea single-serve-coffee-makers teal-one-scoop-one-cup-coffee-maker-13782 
i believe its 14-16oz . maybe a bit smaller that 14oz . i have a 16 oz ceramic travel cup that fits fine . not sure what a standard travel mug size is . 
i 'm sorry i do not know but please let me know if you find out because i 'm going to need one very soon also thanks 
no auto turnoff . 
sorry i ca n't help . mine works very well 
fabric . but the colors of the branches and flowers are different than the photo . 
hi there - yes the base color is white . please do not hesitate to contact me with any other questions you may have . take care . 
it 's about ... 68 in . wide x 75 long . i think it 's an average size 
i would describe them as pale red - the color becomes lighter toward the edges of the blossom , so overall they look pink . 
neither really . you 'd have to buy it and do your best to match it with something you just like . 
i am sorry but i do n't have one on hand , i have shipped them all to amazon . thanks , glenda 
i want to say its a nylon blend . it 's beautiful and durable ! 
hi - this shower curtain is full sized . please let me know if you have any further questions . thank you . 
you have to use a liner . it 's a very pretty shower curtain . 
72 feet is as tall as a 5-6 story house , or as long as larger species of whale . amazon would not sell a 72 foot tall bookcase , nor would it only cost 99 $ . it would obviously be 72 inches tall , as the other bookcases in the set . the reviews are making fun of an absurdly-worded title , and riffing on what an actual 72 foot tall bookcase would be used for . 
24 inches wide and 12 inches deep 
measurements are height 6 ft. width 2 ft. depth 1 ft. hope this helps ... . 
it 's particle . standard big box store put together quality . 
it is a matte white laminated wood . 
not sure of exact weight , but my shelves are already curving under the weight . look for another bookcase if you want sturdy . 
yes . 
yes . our tv is sony 4k 65 '' and it looks beautiful with this stand . i could n't be happier . it is made in canada so it 's a very good pice of furniture . 
this tv stand is designed for tv 's 37 '' -55 '' . 
according to the manufacturer specs , 150 # . 
shelf depth is 17.5 '' . please refer to the alternate image which includes all dimensions for this item . 
the product description says 22 inches and that seems about right . i love the look of the stand ... .very sleek and contemporary . 
hi , yes . i assembled it all by myself & was quite easy . 
it fits regular cupcakes , just not very will if they have a ton of frosting ( making them really tall ) . 
it does n't collapse , per se , but the wheel comes off . i believe the little cups detach as well . 
yes . 
yes . fairly easily . not enough to flip cupcakes out or anything . put it this way - i have to keep it put away because my 4 year old twins want to use it as a toy . 
it does ... super easily too ! 
i make a smoothie every morning which includes carrots , lemons , beets , kale , ginger , all the `` usual suspects '' ... and it blends them into a perfectly smooth drink ! i do cut things up into manageable sizes before putting them into the cannister but this thing is a beast : ) my only issue with the blender is the ill-fitting lid and spillage when pouring , but it 's nothing egregious . 
the blender follows the laws of physics - so of course there 's a lag , caused by inertia . however this does n't seem to be much of an issue . 
`` the blade is made in japan and the container in the united states . the rest is made and assembled in china , '' according to an email the company sent me in response to the question . 
yes , i have used it for several different frozen drinks , with and without alcohol . 
i agree and initially thought the same thing . believe thats how its designed because when the pitcher is half way full it 's weighted down.. ? ? i would say i 'm actually pretty impressed with it 
it does not make juice , it makes very smooth pulp . we use carrots daily as part of our smoothie blend . we like the smoothie rather than juice as it has the full complement of vitamins and minerals . a juicer will throw off the pulp . 
yes 
you would need a convertor . 
3hp motor in this bad boy , i would say yes even though i 've never made but butter . 
it does n't fit under mine . i live in an older house with a tiny kitchen though 
yes no issues 
i used the white teflon tape on the threads with no problems . 
yes . that 's what i did with it . buy also the controller that they recommend . i replaced the heating unit of my smoker completely . 
i believe it s designed for a standard propane cylinder , i am not sure about its usage with the colman canister given its heat output capacity , there are other smaller burners for your purpose 
no hose and regulator included . just what you see on the picture . 
no the bottom of the feet on the one i bought is 10 1 2 `` x10 1 2 '' the cooking area is 91 2 '' x91 2 '' the feet could be modified but that depends on how much of a hasle you want ... .. 
mine came broken and was returned so i can not say if it would hold up to the weight of the pressure cooker . i think the grates may be too brittle or weak to hold that kind of weight . 
from what i understand it only has the propane orifice . 
mine came with a hose 
just need a bbq type reg and hose , or borrow the one off your bbq . i bought one at the local ace hardware , but home depot carries them too . walmart might also . camping goods places , walmart , sports authority , camping world , will have ways to do multiple hookups . so one tank will do several things . remember it takes propane , not natural gas.and you have to adjust the air to get a pretty blue flame with the bolt that fits in the burner . 
all of the hardware i 've purchased so far are 6mm in diameter . the hole size required is 1 4 inch . 
so sorry we only have this one in stock right now . 
sorry , we do n't have . 
no ! 
it is 20 '' wide x 13 '' deep x 24 1 2 '' tall . 
it is 13x20x24 inches . i like my unit . looks good and well made . 
i did not keep this item never used it as it was defective . returned the item and purchased another brand . 
i returned this fryer , never used it . bought another brand fryer instead . 
only 4 
no , it is not . 
it was a antiqued brownish gray . but it was so cheap . fell apart before it was on the wall . sent it back . 
yes it is ! i store a couple on the bottom shelf , but it could easily fit 3-4 , depending on the size . they fit inside the doors as well ! i love this cabinet ! ! ! 
hello , thank you for your question . the dimensions are 7 x 24 x 22 inches . i found this information on the product detail product under the `` product details '' section . i hope this helps ! 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details this cabinet measures 7 x 24 x 22 inches . i hope this helps ! 
mine does not work on serrated edges . i think there are some others that do . 
i 've only used mine with kitchen knives and it does a good job with them . 
no . 
i dont think the rods can be rotated . 
there is a place to sharpen ceramic stone knives . i do n't have any , so i have n't used it , 
yes , it 's designed for left and right handed use . 
i would like to know the answer to this question , too . the answer by ms. ledbetter does n't do it . does anyone know if this will sharpen santoku knives ? 
no , it says it is made for straight-edge knives . 
yes it does , very nicely too . 
the link below is a pdf that explains the differences http : www.nuvodirect.com media nuvo-specifications-eversion.pdf 
yes . i recently replaced mine and the description on the invoice was nuvo h20 nd-wh2416c home . i hope you find what you need . 
i 'm not sure . sorry i ca n't help ; perhaps you should direct your question to the manufacturer . 
each panel is 17.5 inches wide , total width with hinges , approximately 4 feet 5 inches . 
it 's a dark walnut . darker than the picture . we are happy with the product . 
thank you for your interest in this item . the dimensions are 52.44 in x 0.79 in x 70 in . if there is anything further we can assist you with please let us know . 
my 14 year old son practically put it together and i was his assitant to save time . therefore , it was pretty easy to build the table . 
yes , it is made of a very heavy particle board . 
yes , the height is 22 inches including the legs . the legs are held on by four screws each , but i guess you do n't have to put them on if you do n't want to . without the legs , the table is 18 inches tall . 
hi sue , according to my records it is only available in black . sandy , owner best kitchen products 
no , wood on wood 
it is wood just slides into grooves on the back and the drawers too . 
yes the only thing is the knobs did n't work for me i just made ones out of ribbon 
just checked and yes it is . its black finish all the way around 
i am not sure but i think so , they look very solid to me 
i have this shelf , it 's 43 '' tall , 26 & 1 8 '' wide and 11 '' deep , but the top juts out a little and is 12 '' deep , hope this helps ! 
the top and middle shelf are just over 12 '' , so your photo album would fit vertically on those two shelves . 
super dark espresso brown , almost black . near a window it would probably show more of the brown , less black ... but in my tiny hallway it 's practically black ... 
yes . i ordered the three and two shelf units , and both came with dark brown baskets which look fantastic . i 'm sure you could use any color basket you like , but the brown one is nice . 
the top of the unit is 43 inches from the floor the top shelf in the unit is 30 inches from the floor 
it is n't easy as they are hard to hold and manipulate . i just worked at it , turning them like screws to try to get them into the space . i got all but one in and finally gave up on the last one as it was n't going to be seen anyway . good luck . 
the back is press board , which is formed wood pulp , it 's fairly sturdy but it 's not wood or plywood . i think that 's hard to find if not impossible in this price range 
the shelves are 10 inches deep , 23 inches wide , and 12 inches high . 
it depends on whether you are planning on being able to rotate the screen right and left . if that is your plan , i would think about it some more . also , you might have to open the back of the bookshelf to vent for the t.v . so that the t.v . does n't overheat . also reaching cables and plugs might be a little more difficult with the full back on . 
it might not hurt to contact them directly . http : www.winsomewood.com contact i do n't remember using the directions and it came together super quickly - you could probably email them and get a pdf ? i hope that helps . 
the first shelf is 14 '' above the counter level , second shelf is 8 '' above that . there is no inside shelf . 
yes it is sturdy once it 's together . but good luck getting it shipped in one piece . 
the top shelf is 11 inches deep , 30 inches long so it could take a small microwave . i am also sure it is sturdy enough for a small microwave . donna 
i am unsure of the height of this product , because the product i received was damaged when i received this product . laura , i would recommend you not to waste your time . the picture is cute i know , but i returned the product and requested a replacement hoping , i would receive the product undamaged the second time . however , i was sadly mistaken . in fact , i am not sure why this product is still being allowed to be sold . 
it 's a nice cabinet , but i do n't think you will be able to fit trash cans in there unless they are very small . 
the two top small shelves are 11 inches by 2.5 feet . the larger shelf under those where the microwave would go is 1.5 feet by 2.5 feet with a height of 1 ft 2.5 inches hope this helps ! 
i do n't recall seeing a weight limit on the box . i will say that the table is very sturdy . the table i purchased sits on carpet , and still is more than stable enough to eat off of . it 's a high quality bistro table , and comparable to anything you 'll find in a local pub or cafe . 
i had to place a pice of square wood between te pole and the the top part of the table . 
1 inch 
no , would n't work . we bought adjustable stools of the same brand and they are perfect for short and tall users . love them ! 
probably not ideal . the mdf top i believe will eventually succumb to humidity condensation etc . 
pretty sturdy . not big enough for two full course meals . good for two people having drinks and appetizers . 
yes ... .good for standing or counter height . 
35+1=36 inches high . i would not recommend standing on this table . 
unfortunately we do not have that information . 
is smaller than the dimension of the table , but still sturdy than it looks . 
plastic . 
i think it is some if the chemical gel used to insulate the mugs . it is filled between the inner and outer layers of the mug , and sealed at the bottom . do n't use them . 
no `` duck house '' on the bottom . they work very well . i have put ice in one , poured a cold soda and it froze . prefer to use with beer . 
i did not see any labels on the ones i bought but i use goo gone on everything else so i am sure it would work . i have included a link from amazon on what i use . http : www.amazon.com goo-gone-gghs12-stickers-lipstick dp b001r4xhrq ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1388351182 & sr=8-1 & keywords=goo+gone+spray+gel goo gone works on everything except material . just make sure you wash it before you use it after using goo gone . 
i 'm not sure but i do n't think i would put them in there . 
i store mine upright in the freezer door for quick access . love them ! 
they do not come with lids just the mugs 
we keep ours in the freezer all the time , upside down . no problems . 
yes . these mugs work well for both of your questions . 
yes they are bpa free 
the table 's top surface is 40 '' x16 '' and the glass opening is 30 '' x6 '' and the glass is only 1 4 '' thick and sits on a ledge shelf that is cut in to the surface . i do n't know how you would make this into a shadow box . it would require you to attach the drop down box below the tables 's surface from underneath . i guess if you are experienced in wood working you could make it a custom fit shadow box but it would require some skill . hope that helps . 
it is brown -- a very dark brown . i 'm very happy with the table . 
almost 23 1 2 inches 
no , i do n't think the glass will be able to hold that big of a tv . 
it 's all separated pieces , but it 's really easy to ensemble . two pieces and the legs . 
there is a thick piece of card board for the back side . i would n't suggest you buy this b c it 's a pain to put together . i had four people try to figure it out and to this day it 's still not fully put together 
no you will have to put it together yourself . but its a really nice table when your done . 
yes , they attach like any other knobs with a screw going thru the wood . 
yes 
i dont remember the exact measurements , the box was small just heavy . 
they go in with a screw so i would guess so . 
well the parts are not identified but it 's self explanatory since it 's simple to tell the difference between the parts . for a person more experienced in this stuff like me , i do n't find it hard to put together . basically it 's not that hard to put together , you just got ta do it carefully . plus the drawers are held by wooden dowels and the top one is where it needs it more . i hope this helped you . 
i do n't think so since the drawers are small 
definitely ... the accent table is n't super strong but it is sturdy ... i would make the whole prior to assembling tho ( obviously ) ... i have 2 and they look good and are solid . 
you could probably fill an abundance of cd 's within the two drawers , however , do note that the top drawer kind of drops down when pulled out , due to there being no rails or guides and its held in simply by one wooden dowel . 
no , not at all . that is one of the things i like about it . i have two of them in our billiard room . 
the table is 40 '' tall and 23 1 2 '' wide . large enough for 2 people to eat on of four people to have drinks . 
it 's all black . the table is nice and easy to assemble . the base is metal and it is hallow . the base has a good weight to it so it does n't tip over either . overall , it 's a great table . 
all you need is a allen wrench , it only take about 10 minutes 
yes , four bolts are all that are removed to store it flat . 
this item does n't have a specific warranty . replacement parts for purchases made within 60 days are available if there is a defect . 
unfortunately , we do not have just the top available . 
it 's not extremely heavy , but it can most definitely work for a restaurant . 
we use them in our vape shop they are sturdy . one is wobbly but we make it work . 
no it can not be used outside , it is not very well built 
ours has three pieces of wood that snapped in together . they are made of the same material as the rest of it . 
yes , i actually have one sitting on the bottom shelf right now . : ) 
yes 
yes 
i use it in my daughters room for all of her books and she has it full . no problems . 
the feet are attached to the sides and would have to be cut off in order to remove them . but if you were to remove them i would be 27 in . 
product description terrace storage shelf bookcase collection is perfect to use alone or pair with baskets and create a place for your goodies . this 3-tier shelf has overall size of 26-inch width by 11.8-inch width by 30-inch height . top is 26-inch width by 11.81-inch depth . upper shelf is 23.54-inch width by 10.63-inch depth by 12.80-inch height and lower shelf is 12.32-inch height . constructed from combination of solid and composite wood in dark espresso finish . assembly required . 
i love it 
it 's sturdy -- we have several books on it 
it was given as a gift and i do not know the answer but i will see if i can find out . 
the vinoice is currently made in china but like many cork pop products , the plan is to be able to move the production to their ca facility . 
the rod is made of stainless steel metal and i always store mine in the freezer until i 'm ready to use it . 
no , this has just a cooling element . 
sorry we did not experience this . the product does stay chilled for a long time . impressed my husband ! 
yes . it works well . 
the chill rod does seal the bottle and allows you to pour wine without spilling . not sure what you mean by `` uncrackable , unbreakable . '' it works pretty much as advertised - keeps the wine cool and allows you to pour . 
the manufacturer 's specs for this thermometer is -49f to 392f . 
the probe is stainless material . the readout and control box is plastic . mine has been very durable . 
yes it is . it does work very well . my initial problem was with my stupidity ; i did not remove the plastic demo covering off the screen ; ergo i though it was not working . but i finally let my college degrees enlighten me that the temp . has not changed since it was first unpacked . 
i bought it for someone else . he tells me that it works very well for checking the temperature of hamburgers , chicken breasts and other items on his grill . i do not think it states `` frying and candy-making '' anywhere . my english cookbook says that toffee is boiled until it gets to 270 f. , and fudge at 240 f. so that should be ok for the candy-making . i am not sure how far into the liquid one can put the probe . it is very fine and ideal for hamburgers , etc . 
no , you insert it into the meat only to check it 's current temp ( doneness ) , then take it out , turn it off and repeat when necessary ps. , it is not a truly 'instant ' read thermometer , does take about 10sec. , which is pretty darn fast . hope this was helpfull . bt 
it reads the temperature fast enough for me . 
no , it is mostly plastic . it also ca n't go through the dishwasher . 
yes - c and f 
yes 
yes - and super easy to clean with a sponge or wet paper towel . you have to clean berween uses , or you 'll get burnt milk . 
i did not keep it . the foam was so light and airy it stuck to the container . 
after your question , i went and tried to see if i can make art with it . it makes really thick foam if you know what you are doing . yea it makes art i made a smiling face it came out ok for someone who is not artistic . 
my secura frothier starts with with one push of the button for both blue and red lights to come on indicates it is heating . only if i hold the start button down for several seconds does the blue light go off and it froths only . 
yes , there is always milk left at the bottom , just froth about half or less , as long as you did the first time , becomes marshmallow like , and very , very thick , yummy 
i 'm not sure , you will need to check with the manufacturer regarding the warranty . 
it is about 7-1 4 inches high sitting on the base with lid on and diameter of 4-1 4 inches . we have it sitting on the counter ( because we use it every day ) and it does n't seem to take up too much room at all . 
the blue button is for cold frothing . i find that if i froth and leave it for 30 seconds then it 's frothier 
less than 60 seconds 
no it can not . the simplest method to clean it is to simply rinse it out and then use a sponge to get rid of the bit of milk that gets too heated and stays on the bottom of the pot . the interior is non stick so it cleans very easily . i would not submerse the pot at all , in fast i think the directions tell you not to as there are lots of electrical components in it . 
it 's rubber i believe . mine does n't slip if i am on it . it does move if you kick it while walking by or whatever . but it has been a godsend to my back . i am a cake decorator and this has made all back pain go away . 
dear vickie , thank you for your interest in natural area rugs we apologize we do not offer the fiore anti fatigue mat in red . if you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to email us back or call us at ( 323 ) 582-1116 ext 104. thanks , leticia mendoza natural area rugs www.naturalarearugs.com p : ( 800 ) 661-7847 , ( 323 ) 582-1116 ext . 104 f : ( 323 ) 582-1117 
i purchased this for my son when he purchased his first place . it is not as cushiony as some of those other kitchen mats . it does move around a bit on his wood floors . as for the depth i would guess an inch , but not sure . 
i 'd say its about an inch and a half thick . makes a huge difference on my back when i am washing dishes or standing in the kitchen for long periods of time . 
it will support a mattress without the box spring . we have it for our 3 year old . both my husband & i ( separately ) have laid in the bed with her and it has supported us without a box spring . however , if you need firmer support i would suggest a box spring . 
no , we just put the mattress on it . if you put a box spring , the mattress will be too high . the picture is what our little girl 's bed looks like with just the mattress . 
i would use a box spring to keep the metal bars from bending . if they were stronger it would be fine without . 
no , there is a leg in the middle of the bed that would prevent a trundle from sliding underneath 
takes 7 business days appx to ship and then another 7 bus days appx to be delivered . 
21.5 inches 
just the frame . 
yes , our bed just arrived last week and our eastern king mattress fits it perfectly . this bed is even more beautiful in person . we are very happy with this purchase and the price . 
it is a beautiful bed . the color is more in line with beige . i would say it is in the brown category . 
they recomended box spring 
yes -- i can still can not say enough about this bed . it is awesome ! 
yes 
yes 
i think you would need a king boxspring . otherwise there would be not support in the middle to hold up the twin boxspring . sincerely , russell west wrest furnishings 
thanks for your interest in the trieste bed . the color pictured should be very close to the actual color . this model also comes in a darker chocolate . if you look at this link http : www.hillsdalefurniture.com main product searchwithpaging ? searchfor=trieste & pageindex=1 & resultsperpage=12 it is hillsdale 's website with some additional photos of the triest in buckwheat . sincerely russell west west furnishings 
there are magnets inside the jar lids . no glue -- as it 's not needed since the jars are metal . ( plus , then no need to worry about food-safe glue ! ) 
that 's a good question . i never thought about it until now . i put tea in mine . 
no , they do n't . 
each canvas painting is actually 12 inches wide and 48 inches high . 
they are definitely not what i expected but they were an ok length ... .i placed mine in frames to help build length and when i hung them i had them going into a diagonal design.. 
no 
that is possible to be 12*36inch*3pcs , it will cost total $ 55 including shipping for this painting without frames and $ 115 by framed . we can also make this painting by 16*48inch*3p , it will cost total $ 80 including shipping for this painting without frames and $ 160 by framed . 
to add to rachel 's comment , the fan will stay on for a short while when the unit is shut off ( or it is automatically shut off via the thermostat ) . this may be a safety feature to cool the inside down and or extract the remaining heat . 
where do you live ? has it now turned warmer there ? one of the last times i used my heater , about a month ago , it only ran for about 15 minutes and then turned itself off . i happen to have a couple small thermometers in my bedroom , so i noticed the temp was warmer than the 68 setting i had the unit turned onto . i did use it a couple times after that in the bathroom which is on a very shady side of the house and the heater worked like normal . so i think it 's just smart enough to know when it 's not needed . this is just a guess on my part . 
yes it is . the front grill gets a little warm , but that 's it . 
the lifesmart ls-3eco heater is a very good heater for small rooms - i now own three of them . concerning the square foot heating ratings on this and all heaters , note my statements from my review of the heater : some people have complained about the unit not heating their area . for the size room i have ( 12 x 10 ) it works just fine . i think the best use for heaters like this is to take the chill out of the room and not as a source of primary heat . often i have it on for a short period of time , and then i shut it off because it is warm enough in the room . with all heater advertisements , you need to take the maximum heated room size specification with a grain of salt . there are many factors that determine if a given heater will provide sufficient heat for an area . for example , are there any openings into other rooms , is a stairway present in the room where the heat can rise , how many windows are in the area , are there any outside walls , how well insulated are the walls , how cold is it outside , etc . for a small unit like this , it should adequately heat an area of about 300 square feet ; again , it depends . 
this unit has dual timer settings that can be used to turn the heater on up to 12 hours in advance so your room is warm when you come home , or you can turn the heater off up to 12 hours after it 's been in use . 
on mine there is a power switch on the back in addition too the button on the front . you have to have the switch in the back on ( 1 ) before the power button will work . 
1500 w is a tad over 5100 btu hr so these ratings are essentially the same 
yes it works great , , , set timer to come on 1 hr before we get up and the room is nice and warm for us ... . 
13.5 inches tall , 7.5 wide , and 12 deep 
it is noisy like a small fan is noisy . not sure why other people say it is quiet , because the heater i bought ( and later returned ) produced noise like a fan . it has a blower within the heater that pushes out the warm air . if you use it at night and you are accustomed to using a fan , the noise might not bother you . but , the orange light is really bright at night . my recommendation is to go to any local store that has a good return policy , buy a similar heater and try it for a few days . then , you can return it if you like . 
we have macadamia nut trees and the nutcracker makes it so much easier ! it works really well ! 
do n't know . we have only used it with black walnut . i know it does not crush the meat of the walnut but think it would work on any nut with the right pressure . yes the bar would move down . 
usa . i have one . bought it a year ago . my husband has cracked over 400 lb of nuts with it and it has withstood the wear and tear . 
the handle is thin but you push down on it rather than have to squeeze it . also , you could use an oven mitt to cushion it if you want . i had no issues with the handle but i do n't have arthritis in my hands . 
my husband said you could fit it to a base but you would have to drill holes as there is none on the base of cracker . 
yes , and it worked well . we got it for black walnuts , the toughest . and it cracked them . 
it should work on hickory nuts . i us mine for macadema nuts and they are very hard . this nut cracker is heavy duty . : ) 
i have never tried it on macadamia nuts but i would think so . it is adjustable . i used it for pecans , walnuts and hickory nuts . 
yes , it is very heavy steel . it is the best nutcracker we have ever had . 
that is what i use mine for . i am quite happy with it . faster and neater than a hammer . made of heavy cast iron so it holds up very well . i figure on having and using mine for many years . 
germany 
i do n't know why you could n't , it is the same thing as keeping tea leaves in . i suppose you brew it like tea until it is as dark as you want it . 
the package says : raw material : manilla hemp and hot seal fibres . they are made in germany . 
9 '' 
i have a ceramic cooktop and to date there is not an issue with warping . 
yes . thats what i use and they are fine . 
yes well worth the money . 
i see your question asking what qt stands for ... it is quart . in metric the sizes are : 1l , 2.1l , 3l and 5l . the fry pans are 8.5 '' and 11 '' in diameter . 
yes , the handle are red . 
i do not know about the particular brand , ceran . however i use this set on my decor and sumsong ( @ my vacation home ) glass cooktop and have no problem on either . 
yes , the symbol is on the bottom of the pans . 
you have a question of fact and i 'm not in the best position to answer it . ask the manufacturer , tfal - i called them once and spoke to someone quickly . i also looked at a sauce pan and could not see where it is manufactured . 
yes 
stainless 
generally when you buy a mattress and box spring it comes with a metal frame on caster wheels . on one end of that frame there are little metal 'tabs ' with holes in them , designed to attach a headboard to . 
king 
no . in the unlikely event the holes in the frame are larger then the hardware provided use a larger washer . 
i do not know the exact measurements , i can measure them tonight , but the width is basically as wide as my king size mattress . i believe there maybe an inch or 2 outside of the mattress , but that would be about all . i can try and measure it tonight if you need exact dimensions , but if you can see how it looks in the picture is really accurate . hope it helps . 
dark brown with black accents at the seams . mostly dark brown espresso color 
no , you do not have to drill holes on the headboard . they are already pre-drilled . however , you will have to purchase the screws and nuts to secure it to your frame . i went to lowes and bought the screws , washers and nuts . you will want to measure the length so you know what size screw you need . 
mine does not have any black trim . the side posts and top cap are solid wood 
the cabinet is 18 1 2 '' wide , by 47 1 2 '' long by 37 1 2 '' tall and we are very pleased with it . 
the doors are 21.5 `` 
36.5 '' x 48 '' w x 18.75 '' d 
yes , they are adjustable and removable . in fact , i have removed mine so i can store taller items in there . 
the inside clear depth is 15.75 x 22h x 21.5 wide . the door is inset into the face frame so you lose some depth inside 
i own this item . it is 48 inches long , 18.75 inches deep and 36 inches tall . hope this helps ! 
i have used the top as a work surface . it is actually holding up really , really well . we have left wet wine glasses on it , served buffet of food on it , and it looks brand new . we are very pleased . 
as far as i know , butcher block countertops have superb sanitary properties due to the presence of naturally occurring anti-microbial substances in the wood grain . no other man-made or natural countertop surface other than natural wood can offer this sanitary advantage . 
no 
20 inches 
yes . it matched exactly to my counters . 
the opening of the middle one is 5 1 2 '' h x 16 '' w. the end openings are 5 1 2 '' h x 14 1 2 '' w. there is a lip that hangs down from the top , making the shelf actually taller than my measurements . but being able to slide a basket or tray in and out , 5 1 2 '' tall would be the absolute max . hope this helps . 
does this item cone in a 30 or 34 inch ht ? 
it 's fairly simple to get together . it is very heavy though so you will want another pair of hands to help . it came in two large cartons . it also provided the needed tools but we opted for a drill to speed things up with . i am still in love with this island ! it was a great purchase ! 
i have put hot pan on the block with a towel beneath and had no issues . have not tried a hot pan with nothing under . 
i am not at the house right now so i cant give an exact measurement , but i 'd say it is close to 1 1 4 to 1 1 2 inches thick . 
from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia jump to : navigation , search this article is about the american company founded as salton inc.. for the original british company , see russell hobbs . h ! i found some additional information as to whether or not it will grind quinoa . this is from salton.com not recommended the grinder will grind most dry or brittle substances . it will not grind anything which is moist , gummy or extremely hard ( chocolate , nuts , whole nutmeg , candied ginger , etc . ) . it will not make pastes of any kind from seeds such as sunflower or sesame . grinding cinnamon , cloves and nutmeg is not advised as the oils and hardness can cause the plastic lid to pitt , discolor or crack . grains such as corn , wheat , rice barley and rye may also cause damage to the lid . chopping , mincing or pureeing of soft foods is not recommended . it was a bit difficult trying to find where salton products are manufactured i saw one source that said the united states and on wikipedia it says irussell hobbs , inc. ( formerly salton , inc. ) ( not to be confused with the british company of the same name ) was a united states company based in florida that manufactured home appliances , most notably the george foreman grill and russell hobbs appliances . as of june 2010 , russell hobbs inc was taken over by and became part of spectrum brands . spectrum brands bought russell hobbs in 2010 , all its products are manufactured in china hopefully this helps a bit ! thanks ! ! cheryl 
hi ! thanks for your inquiry . i did a bit of research and found nothing that specifically said that it can be used to grind quinoa or millet into flour . in the description it says - `` grinds coffee beans for the freshest cup of coffee . powerful quiet motor with high speed blade that grinds beans , spices and herbs quickly and uniformly . '' i ship al my items through amazon so i can not read any detailed instructions from the product information it contains . thanks . please contact us if you have further questions . cheryl 
yes . `` powerful quiet motor with high speed blade that grinds beans , spices and herbs '' 
they require a minimum on 10amps for starting . in general it runs at a max of 8 amps . 
refrigerant is stored in outdoor unit as shipped . line set and indoor unit has no charge . need to vacuum evacuate and then release the refrigerant from outdoor unit . 
it costed me about $ 700 , but this is in the san francisco bay area where everything is expensive . $ 375 - install disconnect by electrician $ 250 - install unit by hvac technician $ 40 - outdoor wire covering ( optional ) $ 30 - mounting brackets for outdoor condenser unit 
its better to have it hard wired to breaker . i believe it draws close to 16amps . i had my electrician run a line from my breaker box to a disconnect box . note , the inside unit gets its power from the outside unit . it was super easy to install once power was to the spot i needed , 
pls check the pictures published with this listing . one picture contains the full specks table . 
yes they do offer some units with that option now , however you would not be able to `` add '' it to just any unit . the air handler ( wall mount unit ) is extremely compact so it would have to be designed for backup heat strips and the appropriate wiring would have to be made into the unit for the most part . that being said most of these units do extremely well as a `` heat pump '' by that i mean there operating efficiency seems to be much lower then standard split system heat pumps but if you live in a climate where it is running below average 40 degree f temps for extended periods them a heat pump without backup is a bad deal . 
no , and not needed . it draws so little current , there is no need for the 230 vac heavy power . seer and consumption are both identical whether 115 or 230v . 
unit has an auto changeover mode , that will automatically switch between heating and cooling modes as needed . however for that mode the temperature settings are controlled by the microprocessor based on popular heating and cooling comfort temperatures which can not be adjusted . if you select either of the heating or the cooling modes , then you can set the system for 85f and never have to touch again . it will restart even after a power failure with these settings . but you would need to change the mode manually between heating or cooling once a year between seasons . 
the listing has several pictures , one of them is the specks table . please see the details there . 
there is a drain line for the condensation that comes out the bottom of the unit along with the freon line and electric . i would be concerned about that line being able to drain . i do n't think you would have clearance unless you could do some kind of dry well on the outside . 
i do not know the exact dimensions . it 's not too flat but just enough so i can sleep on my belly . if it feels a little too high i just smack it where i want to put my head down and it flattens out . best pillow i 've had . 
yes . i believe you would be very comfortable . in fact , the pillow is in my bed and i sleep on it the part of the night that i 'm on my side . i still do n't use it when i sleep on my stomach , but it is a very nice pillow and squishes down very well . 
26 ounces 
i do n't see the identical pillow on ikea 's website , it must specifically be gosa pinje stomach . i paid about $ 25 6 months ago , would n't pay more . 
it has plenty of give . i use mine with another pillow . there are no crunching noises when it is compressed . 
it is made in china . says it is distributed by a swedish company , which is strange , since i thought ikea is finnish . 
it is 12 '' at the opening and 10 '' at the bottom . 
it might be 7 pounds with all the packaging but only weighs a little over 4 pounds with the lid 
you may want to contact the company about it , i do n't have that problem with mine at all . i love mine and plan on ordering more 
4 quarts to the top . 16 cups . 
hello , yes , i use this skillet on a ceramic glass top . however , i would highly advise against sliding the skillet on the cooktop . hope this helps ! 
there are very fine ridges along the bottom . 
it depends on your expectations . i decided to stain it , thinking i could always paint it later if i was n't happy with it . it did n't absorb the stain perfectly evenly , but i bought it to go with an antique table which has a lot of variation in the stain color , so i am very happy . because i wanted to match an existing color , i ( with the help of my local paint store ) chose a regular oil-based stain in a fairly light color ( zar provincial ) . 
the seat cushion is unfinished . it is a light grayish , however you can clearly tell it 's meant to be the under cushion and should be covered . 
the seat cushion is 161 2 inches wide , 12 inches deep and about 1 1 2 inches high . 
very easy ... a little grey haired lady has done it . 
yes , it 's a perfectly fine height for a kitchen table . 
yes we were able to remove the cushion before staining it . 
13.2 deep , 17.5 wide , 18.1 high 
no , it 's not difficult at all . i reupholstered mine . the seat just screws off . 
it can hold me ( 265 lbs ) as my daughter puts make up on ( bought it for her vanity ) , so it should be good for any situation ! ! 
parawood is made from rubberwood 
i hard wired it into my main electrical box ; thought it was a better & safer option . may be possible but i never considered it . i really like the unit but it is a bit noisier than i originally thought . not a problem at all . i am very very happy with the unit ! 
yes 
it is made that way . in cooling mode the fan runs but the fan consumes negligible amount of power and is made for that . fan needs to run to continually sample the room air to decide when to come back on . 
this is our first year with it . we have used it on a few chilly days so far & it has worked great . 
the remote control goes down to 59 , however the most comfortable setting is around 68. depending on the size of the space cooling is no problem . one of my units handles 800 square feet like nothing . we find ourselves cold on the hottest day . for us the units work great . right now we have -1 degree and its still cranking out heat unbelievable . i hope this helps ! 
yes 
if the room temperature is 65 , why do you even need the ac on but for that moment i would set it at 75 to insure it does not get any higher than this 
check your wiring . verify that a c mode works . 
it will dehumidifi . just the air circulation should help your problem , after you clean the mold up with some bleach . 
st pioneer split systems . iam guessing . 
600 to 1100 depending on windows , ceiling height , and where you live at . i am in arkansas with no windows 800 sf and it does a great job of cooling even as low as 65 degrees on a 90 degree day outside . 
we just had a week of 15-25 degree days and it consistently blew about 80 degree air . should be no freeze up as freeze up is from humidity . 
the power for the `` split unit '' is supplied by the compressor unit . the compressor unit in this btu capacity requires 220vac . 
no . 
r410a of course ... . ( selling r22 units is illegal now ) . 
i think you just fit them together . is it the white ribbed hose 
sorry can this question if i was would take the off and look at at for you and by the sicks sucks i take it down another model it do n't cold wo n't home to after weekend 
code depends on area it 's being installed but i 've never seen code be above 36 '' 
yes , wire to inside unit is included . # 12 wire is sufficient for outside unit power , it can handle 20 amps . some local codes require a fourth white ( neutral ) wire in 230 volt appliances . it acts as a backup ground and safer should something happen to the copper ground wire . 
only if factory rep were to come out and inspect installation after you have made too many warranty claims on say a specific part if it continued to fail within a certain time span . 
the new environmentally friendly refrigerant r410a is used . the system carries enough charge for standard installation . 
you need to create a flat base using an angled mounting bracket , against the roof 's pitch . 
permit requirements change . you need to consult your city . this is a single zone system . not a multi room unit . 
i am not electrician but the electricians sent me out to get a break or 15 
this unit works great . i love in alabama and gets hot here also . i have purchased 2 of these units . one for our church over a year ago and one this year for one of my business . this unit keeps our 1200sq ft space cold even when it 's 100 degrees outside . so cold that you ca n't sit under it to long . 
there are various btu calculators available on the internet which take into account other conditions such as insulation , sun exposure , etc . it would seem that 18,000 would be plenty even if area were poorly insulated . however , not sure how much heat your dryers produce . also , keep in mind that these mini-splits are far more efficient than window units . 
it does not 
indoor fan shuts off if in heat mode but not in air conditioning mode . do n't know if this is normal or not . 
the line sets are not precharged . we have all lengths available . see www highseer com for customization options . 
yes 
it 's 1500 watts as said in the back of the box . it does n't put out as much heat as the radian dish ( presto heat dish , 1000 watts ) . but the heat dish is unsafe if you have small children . 
if the unit is off you can push the timer button and then select how many hours until it will turn back on . you can choose between 1-12 hours . if the unit is on you can also push the timer button and select between 1-12 hours before it will shut off . 
about 9-1 2 high , about 14 long , and less than 12 wide , i ca n't find my tape measure but those dimensions should be within an inch . if i locate my tape measure i 'll repost . 
go to their website you can get the technical data . 
rated 5000 btu 
ralph g. -- -for us , it has n't . we have 2 homes , 1 in the western piedmont of nc and one in the pee dee area of sc . we have one at each home . they have actually saved us money -- -you use them in the room where you spend the majority of your time and turn your thermostat down for the remainder of the house . hope this helps ! 
did you try holding in the button ? 
if you have 220 for the base board heaters like i do ... ..it will be much less with the supplement used and the elc . heat turned off . depends how cold it gets where you live and how much you use it ... .. : ) 
yes 
i recommend a low rpm motor that has a 5 8 shaft with keyway . you can get 5 8 bore pulleys at a hardware store . you may have to order the pulley that goes on your mill since i could not find that size at the store . my system is configured with a 5 '' pulley on the motor and a 3 '' pulley at the mill with a 30 '' belt to get an rpm from 83 to 133. your motor does n't necessarily have to be that low of rpm but you do want to crush your mill any higher than 200rpm . i spoke to todd millar , the inventor of this product and he recommends no more than 200. wether you have to reduce or increase your speed , go to this site to figure out what pulley size you need to achieve your desired rpm : blocklayer.com pulley-belteng.aspx 
while i have n't tried it for spices , i 'd be willing to bet that it can crush just about anything short of metal nuts and bolts ... 
the rollers and axles are stainless , the body and hopper is aluminum . the handle is also steel . 
not huge because you have to assemble the hopper . wo n't fit in a normal mailbox though . 
designed for milling barley for home brewing . 
it may take the husk off but you still would have to separate afterwords . i would say its a crusher only . 
that would be huge overkill but i guess you could gear it down to a few hundred rpm but i 'm not sure how you would attach a gear or pulley to the mill . it is a lot easier to just connect a power drill and tighten the chuck onto the rod the turns the mill . i can crush 25 lbs of grain ( enough for a ten-gallon batch ) in about 10 minutes . 
no 
yes 
assembled , its about 14 '' tall and roughly 12 '' x 12 '' wide but the handle on the hand crank adds another 4 '' on one side . the hopper holds about 7 lbs of grain . 
it is n't very big - a small platter at best . it might be a little longer than a dinner plate is wide , but is an elegant piece . i love mine ! 
the dimensions without the handles are 12 1 4 '' long x 8 7 8 '' wide . 
i 'm going to guess about 9 '' x15 '' . i sent it back because it was poor quality and had a chip off the back . it cost me about $ 12 shipping to mail it back plus the original $ 5 . so i 'm pretty upset about the whole transaction . i 'll never purchase another thing from miles kimball . it 's junk from china . 
it is a nice unit . we have had it running for several months with no problems . my wife is the wine drinker in the house and her only complaint is that the upper section is for reds and it is 1 3 the size of the lower section . also it will only hold 18 bottles . 3 per rack with full sized wine bottles . 
my unit was n't loud i did n't need to use any sound dampening 
i 'm sorry , but we have n't opened the box yet , waiting for rehab contractor to get to it . i spent tons of time on researching undercounter wine coolers , but never came across any description of any unit , much less an under counter unit , having leveling legs . the contractor installing it can put in a base of wood if the unit needs to be elevated for door clearance , or affix matterial to the floor to level it . the detailed specs at whynter 's website following do not mention leveling legs : http : www.whynter.com productdetail refrigeration wine_coolers_refrigerators 350 you can email or call the mfg as well : info @ whynter.com and phone number is 866-whynter 
no 
the body extends roughly 3 16 inch beyond the door on each side . 
probably wo n't fit . manufacturers say : 17 '' w , 34 '' d , 24 '' h ours measures at : 14 1 2 '' w , 34 1 2 '' h , 24 '' d -- looks like you need more height clearance . by the way , a previous question asked about the type of plug , i was n't able to answer at that time but we see now that the plug is a flat plug style . 
yes at the bottom 
yes it is a flat plug . 
yes , i just tried it . the drawers have room to move through the opening easily if you hug the opposite side wall , no prob ! 
the upper is for reds and holds about 6 regular bottles . the lower zone is the colder zone for whites it holds about 12 bottles . we like the cooler it seems to work well . our only complaint is the size of the upper ( red wine ) zone . hope this helps ! ! ! 
120v , 60hz , 150w external dimensions - approx . 7-1 4 '' high , 4-1 4 '' dia . at base . tapering to 3-7 16 '' at top . internal grinding chamber approx . - 2-3 8 '' deep , 2-7 8 '' dia . these are approximate dimensions . 
without a problem . i use it to grind all of my spices , even hard to grind seeds like flax seed and chia seeds . it really handles everything i have put in it- including peppercorns ! 
run a 1 2 cup of cheerios through it , then wipe out with a paper towel : ) 
it 's a small grinder . we use it to grind pepercorns . nutmegs are probably too large for the machine . 
the unit is stainless steel all over except for the bottom and top lip which are both black plastic . the top lip extends about 1 2 '' down into the inside chamber ... ther than that the internal chamber is stainless steel . the blades are stainless but the center `` button '' at the blade attachment point has a white plastic dome over it . the cover rim is ss , but the viewing window is clear plastic . 
it looks like the 29.99 has a removable bowl , which might be handy . i have the cheaper model and i have to carry my coffee basket over to empty the unit which stays plugged into the wall . 
im guessing , but its around 8 inches tall . should easily fit under any cabinet & is really a high quality grinder . 
yes , but i would toast them first . they may be a little too moist and be impossible to retrieve once ground . 
the longer you run it the finer the coffee gets . 30-60 seconds will get you a finely ground coffee . 
only used it for coffee beans so far ; i have a telephone # i used when the steamer i bought from them stopped working -- customer service very helpful = 888 792-2360 : i think its 24 7 , but anytime after 10am should do ( they 're in mid-west somewhere ) ... 
it might not be a perfect match , but it 's very close . it 's a very attractive cabinet- we are not sorry we bought it . 
the cabinet has 3 adjustable glass shelves . 
that is about the right opening size , its a nice cabinet 
inside wall dimensions is 14 wide 24 high 3 1 2 deep . love this cabinet . sorry to take so long to respond . 
no it is solid white with 2 clear glass adjustable shelves . 
i did the same thing and put two of these side by side in a cabinet . the dimensions are 5.5 '' d x 14.5 '' l x 7.75 '' h. they work great and i had room to put an additional 5 bottles across the top of the two racks . hope this helps . 
there is , as far as i can see , no provision from the manufacturer for hanging the rack on the wall . 
yes , it will . 
no 
no- too small . 
although i only have one , it does look like they would stack on each other . personally , i would stand them on end side by side . 
yes . 
yes 
one weighs 1 lb.15 oz . 
i have mine standing up on the smaller end- 14 1 2 '' high x 8 '' wide x 5 1 2 '' deep ( with bottle it 's 11 1 2 deep ) 
yes very quiet , my only complaint is with the emblem on the front wo n't stay on . its some sticky thing that keeps peeling off . so its a cosmetic thing for me . 
my red nostalgia electrics freezer -- which sits attached to the top of its refrigerator as the picture shows -- is 15 and 1 2 inches deep and perhaps a bit longer . this is measured on the inside of the freezer , the space inside , not the outside box of the freezer . it 's possible you could get something 16 inches long in that freezer space but i 'm not sure . you can definitely get something 15 and 1 2 inches long there . other dimensions of the freezer 's inner space are : it is 16 inches wide and 7 and 1 2 inches tall and perhaps a bit longer . the whole refrigerator , outside box and all , is 20 and 1 2 inches deep . 
i love my red retro fridge , and it came to me in perfect condition & very well packed & protected . 
we did n't experience any shipping difficulties , and our unit runs well . 
i did without incident.. in fact i now have it on a carpet rug on carpet since i am in a rental with nice carpet ... but even direct on carpet i had no issues ... it does mention in the instructions to put a mat under it on carpet incase of leaving marks from the motor ... but has never been an issue for me and i have both the red and the black model . 
not at all 
i 'm not sure about the circuit capacity . he could only have a refrigerator with no more than 4.6 cubic feet or 5 amps . as for the freezer freezing ice trays , yes it does a very good job . when i went to visit my son at college , i checked the freezer to make sure it was doing that and it was . i bought him the small ice cube trays and a tupperware container to keep his ice cubes in . hope this helps . 
my beautiful red nostalgia electric fridge is about 31 and 1 2 inches high , 19 inches wide , and 21 inches deep . i 've got it sitting on the third shelf of a big steel cart ( on wheels ) that allows you to set the shelves where you want them . i made the third shelf allow for a big space for the fridge . in fact , the space between the third and fourth shelves of this steel cart is 3 feet . so there 's a narrow space between the fridge and the fourth shelf above it allowing for a tray there . the fourth shelf above the fridge has many things on it too -- so the whole cart is very busy indeed , the fridge is only one item on it so it 's not as noticeable as it should be , being red and all . the fridge is very heavy and strong men had to lift it to its shelf . this steel shelf is huge and strong and has no problem supporting the fridge and many other heavy items . the fridge sits on its third shelf about 41 inches from the floor . so the center of the fridge is about eye level . i have to look up a bit to see into the freezer but that 's ok. it 's a small freezer and i know everything in it at all times . i bought this fridge because it has a separate freezer compartment . the independent freezer is more stable than the kind of fridge where the freezer is inside the fridge , which is what i had before and did n't work . my nostalgia electric fridge is working very well so far even though i thought i was taking a risk to buy it since it had no reviews and was an unknown item at the time , evidently very new . actually the only review was from a customer who returned it since it broke in the transportation . i 'm very happy with mine . yes , it 's sitting quietly on its stainless steel cart . but i had to make some adjustments to situate it perfectly on its steel shelf . i wanted to be sure it would n't move around when i opened it and also i tilted it back a bit as the instructions suggested so that the freezer door would close on its own by gravity -- and would n't hang open . i used a few small wooden wedge pieces to set the fridge in place permanently , without being able to move , and to tilt it back a bit . luckily there 's about a foot of space behind the fridge too where it needs to breathe . everything worked out very well . the freezer works , and that 's important to me . and so does the fridge ! i like the fridge being red and i wish more people could see it but it 's in the basement . well , i enjoy it anyway ! 
i remember it being kind of difficult but i assembled mine two or three years ago so i am not much help . i think i just gently persevered and it worked . maybe lubricate with some wd40 ? i might have done that . good luck . if all else fails i would call the manufacturer to get hints from them . hopefully by the time you get this you will have it worked out . 
yours worked almost two years . mine never worked at all . i 'd say you 're ahead of the game and i think it only had a one year warranty . 
i cooked a 7 lb organic chicken 4 or 5 times very successfully , if that helps . crispy skin , moist inside -- best chicken ever ! 
no , 10 '' is maximum size . i love my vonshef . it 's most used appliance in my kitchen . 
i have put the glass bowl , the stainless steel extender and the racks in the dishwasher with no problems . 
i 've had mine since last year and use regularly , have n't had any problems . my previous one lasted for years but i think when cleaning it i had the water level too high and burnt out the element . 
hello cwun ... . i am not sure how long i owned it . look at the date of my review and add one month . as far as working , at first the oven hesitated starting so i would shake it a bit and it worked fine . today it works perfect . i use it once per week to prepare chicken vegetable bean soup or beef vegetable bean soup which is my lunch for the week . i hope this helps . 
hi there , girl ! ... ..i use mine with waffle-cut frozen potatoes ... ..just put a single layer on a shallow pan that is n't so big , that the hot air ca n't circulate ... ..use the tall rack ... ..i set the temp at 400 , and set for 10 mins per side ... ..the timer tends to cut the heat off at about 7 mins , but the potatoes get brown and pretty fast ... ..i hope this suggestion helps you : ) 
hello jannette ... . i think mine was purchased about 2 months ago . i cook everything except now i bought xtrema ceramic cookware ( not cheap but maybe the best out there ) to steam vegetables , the 2 1 2 quart sause pot w silicone steamer cover discounted 20 % 4th of july . i hope this helps ... . do n't stop healthy cooking , george 
i believe it was made in china . 
hello jerry , sorry for my delay ... yes the cooker came with a warranty but i need to find the manual to see for how long . its a very good cooker which uses hot air ( a fan and special light bulb ) to cook . for me it cooks healthy without frying and easier than using the oven . if i find the warranty tonight i will write again . feel free to ask any other question . gfv 
there is a spring behind a flat metal plate that pushes the napkins forward . however , i was not pleased with the delivery or capacity of these dispensers . i purchased the tork dispensers instead . 
georgia-pacific easynap white 2-ply embossed dispenser napkins are folded , decorative , 2-ply paper napkins with an interlocking design that allows for automatic dispensing of napkins ( dispenser sold separately ) . napkins measure 6.5 x 9.85 inches ( w x l ) when unfolded , and 6.5 x 5 inches ( w x l ) when folded . ( w is width , the horizontal distance from left to right ; l is length , the horizontal distance from end to end . ) 
this uses a `` full fold '' napkin . in its folded state it will measure 5 '' x 6.5 '' . i purchased `` mornap full-fold '' napkins through a national office supply 's online store because they sell them in small amounts . most places only sell them by the 6000 count box . be careful , a lot of napkin sellers are misleading . 
fast food napkins 
definitely . its a pretty good size . 
not sure you can purchase separately but cheaper to buy together and it is good quality for money . . 
approximately 1 cm 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item does not have matching buffet server . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
the chairs are not top grain leather , however , they are blended leather . they look nice enough . for the price , you cant beat it . 
it is good quality chairs and solid wood..have to replace one of the leg did not fitted but they sent me replacement right away..good service . . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the table is 48 inch from the information provided by the manufacture . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
unfortunately , this set are not sold separately . sorry for the inconvenience . 
you should be able to yes . the shoes do fit very snug , but they do fit . i love this little bench , perfect size etc ... for what i needed . 
i have mine inside an inclosed porch , not heated though . i think if it is covered and not exposed to the weather it may be alright . i would n't think it would be good if it gets wet , the finished may crack or wood could warp buckle . 
you could fit 4 per shelf ... . it 's a little tight . fits only low cut shoes no ankle boots . 
this is a great bench . after receiving mine we bought one for our daughter . i do n't know the weight limit but my wife and i both sit on it when we but on our shoes , that would be about 260 lbs total . i do n't believe even 350 lbs or more would be excessive . great product we just love it . 
i 'll measure the height for you tonight , but i did not have problem with shoes not fitting in : flats , 2.5 '' wedges , ankle booties . just have reasonable expectations - anything higher than ankle booties wo n't fit . the bench looks great , has solid build , and fits nice amount of shoes : i have 4-5 pairs on each shelf and on the floor under the bottom shelf ( total of 12-15 pairs ) . 
the middle shelf is 5 inches from the top shelf . the bottom shelf is 4 inches from the middles shelf and 4 inches above the floor . 
i happen to love this bench . it is well made and very sturdy . i sit on it while doing laundry we store lots below and it is what i consider a added feature in my mud room . i would say it holds hundreds of pounds ... it holds me ! 
it 's finished beautifully on all sides . we love it ! super handy as an ottoman , storage or at the end of a bed for guests to set luggage on . books , shoes , magazines can go underneath also ! feels heavier than expected & very well made . 
approx 36 '' x 12 '' the bench is not at my house . not able to measure it . 
i love this dining set ! i keep getting compliments on it ! ! you have to have someone who can put things together well . my nephew did for me , everything has to be put together . the pedestal of the table is strong and base very heavy . the glass is very secure and held with very strong suction grips , not noticeable . no problem at all with glass sliding or tipping . i 've had for 5 1 2 months and very , very happy with it ! not to mention raymour & flanagan want so much more for this set ! ! 
hi anne , the sides of the seat and back rest ( inside is leather ) and legs seem to be made of real wood . the frame of the seat is plywood . the wood is really light thought , so it is not very sturdy like one would expect from , say , a chair made from teak or oak . i did notice that the wood seemed to chip easily . perhaps it is just the type of wood . does n't come across as a very high quality item , but then it does n't cost as much either . 
thank you for your interest in our product . we have this table and chair set ship direct from the factory . because they are placed in one united package prior to shipping , we are only offer them together . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
hello , for your convenience we have checked the listing . from the listing , it seems like only the table is being sold . that is way it is cheaper . thank you ! 
i live in san diego as well . i found it t be top quality . since it 's made for a bathroom it should be fine in so cal . be sure to power it from a gfci . 
yes it is a plug in device . there is an illuminated switch on the bottom of the rail . 
the arms project 23 1 2 `` from the center cylinder . the center cylinder is 21 '' from top to bottom w a slight protrusion of the switch . the mounting flanges are 18 1 2 '' on center . 
we use 5 gallon arrowhead bottles , so i do n't see why not . 
cold like an ice wonderful machine 
yes it does , however , i would not recommend this unit . it randomly stops dispensing water out of each tap , hot wo n't dispense one day , cold the next , both the day after that . i 've had to keep letting it dry out unplugged just to get it to work . currently fighting with the company . 
yes ... ... ... ... .very much so ... ... ... . 
sometimes very noisy 
we use 5 's but assuming that the necks of bottles are the same it should be no problem . 
yes you can . 
yes they will handle the 5 gallon jugs . this unit is amazing i would order it again . i like it better than our previous unit . 
yes . only on hot water outlet . a child will have to push the red button up , which unlocks it , and push it in for the hot water to come out . it does not push in like the other two temperatures , which are cold and normal temp . 
it definitely will hold coffee creamer , and i believe it would hold a gallon of milk with the shelf removed . 
the button on the bottom rotates hard to the left ( counterclockwise ) when you want to bake . there 's no timer feature , so you just turn it off when you 're done baking . 
yes the timer ticks and dings & turns off when done 
15w x 14d incl handle 8 1 4 h 
i am not sure if it is a newer model . however , i originally ordered the tob 80 and found it to be too small for my purposes . the dimensions stated in the description were not accurate . i then bought the tob 40 , and i like it very much . 
yes to both , provided the casserole dish fits in a 9 '' x 9 '' square . but do n't bake your potatoes in foil . they taste so much better if you wash them , puncture the skin a couple of times with a fork , and bake without wrapping . if in a hurry , zap them in a microwave then bake for a crisp outside . 
very easily . love this toaster 
the interior measures 9 3 4 deep x 10 in . wide x 5 1 2 high but when you take into account that there is a drip pan on the floor of the tov and then the rack that the roasting pan would have to sit on , it measures 4 1 3 of useable height . i have baked chicken breast and fish successfully but i check it before the time is up because it heats up fast and due to it 's interior size , it seems to cook faster than the oven cooks . baked white and sweet potatoes are great done in this oven . i love mine . 
from the foot to the top , it is 8 '' tall . from the tip of the vent on one side to the vent on the side it is 15 '' and from the edge of the front handle to the wall ( as close as the safety guards allow is 13 '' 
no , it will hold a 9x9 , if it does n't have handles , but i would not use it . the heat would not circulate properly . 
yes it does . you can toast , bake , broil and warms food up . it has a oven rack ( which has two positions . the top position has a 50 % stop feature so the rack stops halfway out of oven and it can be removed also ) , broiling rack , baking pan drip tray , a slide out crumb tray and a cord storage spot . i have only mostly done toasting so far , but i do like this cuisinart . hopes this helped . 
mine are disposable . one co2 thing lasts me a whole pint of whipped cream . i love mine . 
i went to the mosa replacement parts website for mine 
one pint plus a little flavoring are all you need . 
we have a 55 '' tv and it is 29 inches from the bottom of the tv to the floor . 
it is primarily composite wood with nice hardware . shelfs are glass with securing brackets . the bracket to hold the tv is a real nice quality unit and our 55 '' tv fits perfectly , but you can hang much larger units . my only criticisms are how the tv is a foot from the wall with it , i would have preferred it to be closer to the wall . behind the unit is not colored , so fit it against a wall , unlike a stairway where you can see the reverse side and you will not care about the wood showing vs. the black . there was room for all of my components except my larger center channel speaker . i had to step that down a size to fit under the monitor , but have no real complaint over that . 
no sorry this does not swivel 
this is a free-standing tv stand . thank you , wishack 
if i can remember they were plastic and im not sure how many came cause i did n't use them , but i think there was a couple different sizes . 
yes . one thing about cast iron is that you can subject it to tremendous heat . it works well from the stove top to the oven because the pot has been preheated first . enjoy ! 
china 
it 's 10 inches . 
technically no . the directions say to put it over heat no higher than `` medium , '' so that probably limits all but the smallest amount of charcoal . having said that , i 've put a non-enameled dutch oven on a rather high grill and it did not crack . 
it is a white enamel on the inside . i have used mine a few times , and so far it 's been awesome . my previous one was a food network one , and it was horrible . i had to use barkeepers friend on it every time i cooked in it . loving mine ! 
yes they all store inside with a little click they lock in place . 
we have both and they are identical as far as we can tell 
go here https : www.youtube.com results ? search_query=universal+tri-blade+mandoline+spiral+slicer+demo then if you like health and want more of it like you never knew possible go here www.gods-farmacy.com 
yes the box says they are dishwasher safe but it 's actually really easy to clean if you do it right away ! 
jobaby44 , yes , i have used it on the *8 ball zucchini '' . you may have to quit in the middle and cut off a little and start over ( this is for squash , not a hard veggie like beets ) . 
i think its a result of the machining process to build the pan . not a problem for a gas stove , but the reduced contact area makes it very troublesome to use with a flat surface electric . i returned two of these that had this same issue and bought an alternative pan . 
larry , i looked at the pan itself and it does not state where made . i did keep the instructions on how to care for the pan and it does not say where it is made either , but under lifetime warranty it has an address to return if has defects and it is lifetime brands inc. po box 9750 , trenton nj 08650-1750. hope this helps . 
hot water is sufficient . you do n't ever use soap on cast iron . it takes away the oil on the surface . 
yes . it comes preseasoned , and that would imply a food safe oil was baked onto the pan . no ptfe . 
looks like it is 8 1 2 '' . by the way , i really like the skillet . 
yes , it does . i have many other travel mugs , and this by far is the best one . it takes a bit for the plastic smell in the cap to dissipate , but i have dropped it and tipped it upside down , and no leaks . i recommend it . 
yes it fits under my vue 
i run it under hot water while pushing the dispense button . and yes , it gets a bit hot . i also soak the lid in a bowl of hot water and a few drops of dish soap with a paperclip wedged under the sealing lip to let the water in that little gap . looks silly , but works just fine . 
the lid is dishwasher safe but the rest is hand wash only . 
no way . stupid thing ran like 4 red lights 
u have to move the bottom plate out but yes it does and it actually kepps ur coffee hot for four plus hours amazing cup well worth the money 
remove bottom tray & lid 
no . the opening is small and has a sprng loaded valve which stays normally closed . 
it is more of an orange than a yellow in color . 
yes 
yes , i think that would work nicely . however , there are no notches to keep the drawers together as one unit , but i think the foam padding on top will keep the upper drawer from slipping . it really is a great product . my mom just emailed me today asking where i got it because she wants to buy one for her office k-machine . 
yes , it 's perfect to storage all my coffee pods , and it fits perfectly under my coffee and cappuccino machine . i love it ! 
yes , i have a keurig k45 elite and it fits perfectly with a little room to spare all around on this particular coffee storage drawer ... all 3 of the keurig 2.0 models are smaller than the keurig 45 elite . 
no ! stacks nicely and the black on black color looks nice , too ! 
i have a lower counter that i keep mine on . i use to have a towel under my old coffee maker and then i would pull it out with the towel and push back in when finished . 
yes , i think so , as long as the teapot is not too heavy . in the drawer , i store the k-cups , splenda packets , and the little mini creamers , so all is in one place . works for me ... did this help ? 
its good enough for the coffee maker , do n't think that it would hold up against something heavier like a microwave . 
i do n't know about that machine , but i could n't put my keurig on it under a cabinet . but i still love it . 
i do n't know how large you commercial keurig is in size . the tray is pretty sturdy . it is 13 '' across and 12 '' deep and 3 '' high ... ..our maker is 12 x 12 x 10 wide . it just fits on top , but not under our counter with two trays stacked . i hope this helped . 
it 's black 
haney , i would say that depends on what your referring to as a brew basket . if you are referring to the removable rigid plastic housing that supports a paper filter , then yes . but , if your referring to a rigid , removable , and permanent filter , then no . i , along with deanna , use the cuisinart gtf and it indeed works very well . 
the 49467 i purchased is great .very satisfied 
yes - just open it past vertical and lift gently - first one side , then the other . 
cone . i 'd say somewhere in between the previous two answers , about ten minutes . brews a nice pot of coffee . 
no - setting the time is only necessary if you want to use the programmable feature . 
i have not had any dribbles with this newer style pot , but i raise the lid just a bit when i pour . it pours very well for me and i have weak wrists and grip due to carpal tunnel problems and surgery . 
once a month or so i pour a mix of water and white vinegar into the coffee maker and brew a cycle . then brew a cycle with clean water . 
no 
no , filter basket is plastic and drops into place in the top of the machine . 
it 's on the right side of the machine 
only a couple pounds . very light and compact to store ! 
there is no temperature setting . the instruction booklet tells you how long to cook the waffle . 
no , the model i received has no variable control or know , but it has a light when it says ready . i normally open it up earlier than the light tell me to for lighter waffles and have had no issues with sticking , or messes . 
just a few minutes . there is a light on the exterior that lights up when the waffle is finished cooking . so far , perfect every time . 
i say about 6 inches in diameter and fluffy , they are belgian style not eggo style . 
yes 
120v , 60hz , 1400w 
yes ! i had a cheese overflow accident from a pizza and it wiped right off even though it had cooked on there for a bit . 
no , it can only hold an 8 x 11 and the pan can have no handles on them otherwise it wo n't fit . 
the crumb tray actually catches all the crumbs . this is the best toaster oven i have owned . all you do is slide it out and empty it . it also does many things besides just toasting . i have made casseroles , meats and desserts in this oven . 
no 
i 'm not sure what clips you mean , aron . the hooks on the door that pull out the tray when it 's in the lower rack ? if the toaster oven is missing parts , you could return it . 
no it does not . the only tick it has is with the timer feature and then on 'convection ' setting , you can hear the fan 
the 'plate ' on the back says : 120v- 60hz 1400w 
12 1 2 '' across and 11 '' deep 
not sure got it for my granddaughter who lives out of state 
cotton blend . 
i believe so . we have a twin trundle bed for our son that is quite long ... definitely longer than the average twin bed . it fits perfectly and there is still a bit of extra room . hope this helps . 
this one is 30 '' x30 '' and it comes in a mailing tube which i am using for storing it as well . it really is worth the money if you are going to be working with fondant . my 12 year old just rolls it out and starts working . she and i work with the tools and they do n't injure the surface but always use a cutting board for the actual slicing . there is a smaller version as well . 
yes , same as `` the mat '' just bigger in size . if trying to use the pro mat with smaller cakes sizes you will find the pro is too big and will hinder your ability some when covering for these small cakes . both are great products and i fully endorse them . 
yes it will . i made a double heart cake using fondarific fondant and i had no issues at all . no sticking , no tearing , this mat is amazing . just make sure you wash it first and rinse and dry it thoroughly prior to using it . hope that helps ( hth ) , god bless . 
yes it is . 
it 's the same one . i love the mat ! 
i put a little vegetable shortening on mine . because my fondant was sticking to the mat . i did n't get any marks on mine . but i did wipe it down with the shortening then with another clean paper towel to spread the shortening . hope this helps . 
at sweetwise.com 
absolutely , we ship orders all around the world . the shipping price for the pro mat should be around $ 29 
i works great . before you use it the first time just season it with crisco so there is a slight film over the side you will be using ( middle-between the sheets ) . it is probably the best tool you could get if you are going to roll fondant out for cakes . i wipe it down with a paper towel after use and store it rolled in the tube it came to keep it safe . 
30 '' x 30 '' ... but my wife has not use it for pastry 
the ribbons are pre cut and are inserted through the two holes in the top of box . so yes , if you want to interchange the ribbon you can ; just be mindful that the width of your ribbon needs to be small enough to fit through the pre drilled holes . 
it comes with ribbon that is 3 8 inch wide . these are really cute little boxes and the kit comes with everything you need . 
no . i was able to fit 2 rocherre chocolates and a few hershey kisses . the top is very narrow..even w the minimal chocolate the top kept popping open . 
hello ! we have created a new listing for you . please check it : http : www.amazon.com sunvary-wedding-decoration-thanksgiving-christmas dp b0097j7bzw ref=sr_1_13 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1387202831 & sr=1-13 . it can be shipped to your required place . 
hello ! we can send you 150 pics and the measurements is about in 10 * 4* 7cm 
no it will not . it is not that large . 
depends on the weight of the item put in them 
sorry jean , i have the king size , but it was very true to size . i had a king platform frame and it fit perfectly . it is also very comfortable and i had no issues with smell as some of the reviews mentioned . good luck . 
no 
sorry no . thank you . 
yes , e-king is standard 76x80 '' . `` e '' king means eastern king ( standard king ) size as opposed to ( western ) california king . e-king , same as 'standard king'- at 76 '' wide ( by 80 '' long ) is the widest mattress there is- full 38 '' room each for two people . california or western king is longer 84 '' for tall persons , but is narrower , only 72 '' wide . the difference between 10 '' and 12 '' ( besides being two inches ) generally the 10 '' is firmer , the 12 '' is less firm . generally with foam and foam-gel mattresses , the more padding- the thicker it is in inches- the less firm the foam or foam-gel mattress is . i have not purchased both from this mfg to do a comparison test . but , generally thinner foam or foam-gel mattress is the 'firm ' and the thicker one is softer less firm . and , again- yes , e-king is eastern , aka standard king , and is 76 '' x 80 '' . cali king aka western king- is longer and narrower 84 x 72 '' . 
no 
yes 
i have the 10 '' queen mattress . it is quite firm but comfortable . the issue i have with it is that it makes me lean gravitate towards the middle because my husband is heavier than i am so his side of the bed sinks down more and i fall towards that side . if you sleep alone , should n't be an issue . 
well do n't know how it would be to sleep on you tummy , but if it 's anything like it is on your bck it would be pretty awesome , it has to be the best mattress ever . so very comfortable ! ! love it and will by one for my bed at my house when it 's time ! 
i would guess , based on how difficult it is to `` bend '' this mattress , that it would n't work well on an adjustable bed . but to find out for sure , i recommend talking to the adjustable bed manufacturer to see if their product will work with a memory foam mattress . getting this thing back into a box to return it would be a nightmare so finding out before hand is advisable . 
no the box spring does not come with it . 
yes , as i use it on my electric bed at home . it helped me a great deal , and i like it a lot , as i am alergic to latex , and this matress has a layer of air gel on top , so no alergy for me.so the answer is absolutly yes . 
i am very pleased with my purchase of this mattress . it 's plush but still firm , which is hard to describe . i purchased a twin size to try it out , and am now positive i will purchase the same when it comes to replacing our queen size mattress in the future . if anything , i would consider adding a 2 inch mattress topper , just for added plushness . 
i have a regular mattress that is firm at home , i purchased this for my motorhome and find it as comfortable if not more as my firm mattress at home . 
it ships that small and then it expands to twin . 
my use is for a student at college . 
i am not sure there is a weight limit . that would be up to manufacturer . they do have a great web site . we investigated them a lot and read nothing but great things about them . we were recommended to try them by another rv'er . we love it ! great comfortable mattress . we own a 10 '' queen short , my husband is over 200 and 6 feet tall and i am uh um heavy and 5 ' 10 '' tall and we are very comfortable in it . i hope this helps . 
china 
i have no idea . i only purchased the king size . 
no . they say lifetime but tere was nothing in the box , no registration , and the unit does n't have a serial number . look at a different set . i have had them 4 months and 2 months in , 2 had stains and the other day the tip ( about 1 4 '' ) broke off the paring knife . 
besides the bread knife and the steak knives they are straight . 
no 
the sticker on the bottom says made in china . 
i opened the package and checked very well and i 'm sorry to say no there is not a sharpener . 
i have been very happy with these knives . they are very sturdy and sharp . i have been washing them in the dishwasher with no problems at all . my family loves this set . 
the steak knives have serrated edges . 
this heater needs it 's own 15 amp outlet , appliances such as a toaster also needs it ' s own 15 amp outlet , if they are both on at the same time it will need 30 amps to run both . most kitchen outlets are wired for 20 amp , which will still trip the breaker . i would recommend using different outlets . handiman 
i went down this morning and tipped it over and saw a tiny made in china sticker on the bottom . we live in oregon and it has had quite a workout this winter , so far , so good . 
yes it is quiet . best heater i ever bought . 
the front grill maybe very little but everything else is cool to the touch ! 
6 ' 
yes 
i do n't recall and it is in a box stored away until winter . i 'm sure you can find out on product spec sheet or on manuf web site . 
two 
plug is standard 120 v three prong hot neutral ground i do not now the difference between quarts and infrared . i do know this heater i have will not heat more then a 4000 cubic ft of space and maintain 86 degrees . also the fan is extremely loud . 
it 's about 8 and 1 2 inches tall -- and its depth is about 15 inches . 
the shelves are 17.5 inches wide , 16 inches deep , and the height is adjustable . 
there are places to screw into the back of any tv to mount it either on the wall or on the pole that comes with the tv stand . i did n't use this feature . my tv just sits on the stand . 
yes 
for my tv the lowest setting would allow the tv to rest on the stand . the highest setting would raise the tv about 11 inches above the surface of the stand . the location of the mounts on the back of your tv as well as the size of the tv will affect these positions . my tv is the same width as the stand and the height of my tv is 31 inches . the stand is 22 3 4 inches tall when assembled . 
yes very easily 
yes , it pivots . 
it is very simple . all cords can run through the tube in which the tv is mounted so as to not see them . gives it a nice clean look 
i think those are actually the dimensions of the box that the stand is delivered in . after assembly , the stand is 47 1 8 '' x 22 5 8 '' x 17 1 2 '' 
mine is black . 
if you 're asking if the pole mount can accommodate a 55 '' tv , i do n't know . i have a 55 '' thin bezel samsung sitting on mine , using the table stand that came with the tv , and it 's every so slightly wider than the width of this unit . 
the total width of the entire entertainment center is 66.3 inches . the television opening is 43.25 inches . 
where the tv sits , it 's open . on the 4 shelves below the tv , there one open circle in the middle that can have cords fed through each inner corner . 
the shelves measure 10 1 2 '' x 8 '' 
yes , the sides are symmetrical ! the entertainment center is juat perfect , i love how many shelves it has for display of my son 's pictures 
hi james , it 's 58 1 2 inches tall 
the shelf inserts are removable . you can make the depth whatever you would like on either side . 
i have a 42 inch flat screen and i would say the 44 inch would fit . however , do not buy this product , it is a piece of garbage . dawn 
weight-wise probably . the dimensions are there , so if your tv is wider and or taller ( though doubtfully taller ) we can assume it wo n't fit 
no . it 's fiber board 
you will need the top center piece for proper support . if you have not bought this yet ; do n't it is a piece of $ h ! t . but if you have you can do what i did and bolt a 2x4 between the two towers and use a tv wall mount plate to hold the tv . i would also suggest to anchor the whole unit to the wall regardless , because it will be front heavy . 
this is expresso dark brown wood grain ; very nice . 
the middle shelf section is 21 '' wide . it 's a beautiful and sturdy unit and i highly recommend it ! 
its possible , but the doors are the part of the stand . if you want to assemble without the doors , you should check another `` open '' model than . 
it 's made from pressboard . 
hello . the dimensions are 47 1 8 '' w x 19 '' d x 25 3 8 '' h 
i ca n't guarentee that there would n't be any damage , but sauder will replace any damaged pieces you may have . 
after looking at the dimensions listed on another site i found this : features : estate black finish two adjustable shelves hold audio video equipment adjustable shelf behind each framed , safety-tempered glass door part of the sauder select collection specifications : overall product dimensions : 25 3 8 '' h x 47 1 8 '' w x 19 '' d accommodates up to a 50 '' tv weighing 95 lbs . or less - see more at : http : www.cymax.com sauder-regent-place-panel-tv-stand-in-estate-black-412871.htm # sthash.uncjm56k.dpuf it appears the dimension listed on the amazon site list the shipping dimensions , which were listed probably like you saw them as this : product dimensions : 52.1 x 20.1 x 6.4 inches ; 108 pounds 
i believe so , i do not have anything heavy on it but it 's very sturdy when assembled properly 
they are adjustable ! its a very nice unit ! 
there are ways to raise or lower the shelves 
8-5 8 w x 19-3 8 h - sides one adjustable shelf 19-3 8 x 19-3 8 - center two adjustable shelves 15-1 2 deep 
no it does not stand on wheels . i 've have it standing on laminate so its pretty easy to move around . 
yes , there is one hole for each of the middle shelves . 
39 1 2 length & 15 1 2 width and 21 ' high . good for small apartment and condominium . 
actual stand measures 39 1 4 wide , 20 3 4 tall and 15 1 2 deep . it is pretty solid , yet light enough to move around easily . worth the money . 
we have a 42 inch tv and have a cable box that is 8 inches across and all fits well . 
flat , but , i added wheels for mobility . 
yes , it does , but let me tell you , it 's very , very small ! 
i did n't put a tv on mine , but i would n't think it would be strong enough for an older tube tv . i 'd look for a stand designed to hold more weight . 
it 's aluminium , not chef grade . 
2x2 not including the spikes 
i have n't put it on a scale but it is not heavy . it may be 1 pound ? 
yes . i was n't sure myself but tried it on my top rack and had no problem . it appears to have a clear coating of some sort . 
does n't say 
top and 1 side is flat . love this item , have never had one . i find myself using it often . works great , does n't feel too top heavy . hope that answers some of your question . 
i actually returned this because i thought it came with more than it did . the description should tell you but i believe i had to buy even shams separate . 
it is machine stitched through the quilt and a fabric pattern . it does n't follow the pattern but is in a crooked line all over the quilt . is very nice . thanks pine valley quilts 
the quilt is a printed pattern with machine stitching in a crooked road pattern all over the quilt . it does n't follow the design and it is machine quilted on the top and the back . hope that helps ya ! thanks pine valley quilts 
the millineum falcon and the x-wing are scattered around the sheets as well as an a-wing fighter . goes really well with the quilt 
i would n't think so based on how it fits our regular twin . 
the pillow case has the black background with star wars on one side and the other has the space craft with the taupe color 
they are a standard sheet size . not extra deep . 
there is no indication of thread count on the packaging of the sheet set , but my guess would be around 200 thread count when compared to other sheets we own . i will say we are very happy with the sheets . i thought they may be on the cheaper side but they are very soft and comfy . i believe these sets were sold at target and as we have bought other bedding there i would say they are very similar to the circo sheets and quilt sets . no solid answer but i hope this helps . our son is loving his new bedding ! 
6ft cord . 
the heating element uses 1500 watts or 1.5 kw per hour . multiply the number of hours you plan to use your heater times 1.5 kw to get the kw hours . for example : 1.5 kw x 10 hours =15 kwh . multiply the kwh x rate kwh to get the cost . let 's use 12 cents kwh . the cost would be 15kwh x $ 0.12 = $ 1.80 per day . 30 days would be $ 54.00.cfinch 
each has 4 elements , my husband 's grandma has one with 6 and it puts out more heat that the two we have . these say they are for a medium to larage room but if you want it to stay around 66 to 68 they work great . i do n't have vaulted ceilings but a very open floor plan and i wished i would have got the ones with 6 elements . hope this helps . : ) 
yes . just be aware of what else is on the breaker that corresponds to where you plug it in . if i run my microwave i have to make sure the heater is n't on the same breaker or it 'll trip . granted , whoever wired this old house was n't the smartest person . 
there is a hot spot on the front where the heat comes out . the best solution and less costly on electric is a real infrared heater . the cost is higher but they are not hot to the touch . 
they are relatively small , about two feet high and a foot or so deep . they are fairly effective heaters for their size . i 'm glad we bought them ! 
watts are how much power it uses . btus are how much heat it puts out . not the same thing . i 'd also like to know but assume it 's not great since it 's not mentioned . quality similar models , at only slightly higher cost , can put out 5200 btus . 
yes , but only one per zone . draws a lot of power . if i have it on and vacuum or run microwave it will trip my breaker . it has to be plugged directly into the wall . 
i wouldnt use them in anything bigger then a regular size bedroom 
it 's no louder than hair dryer on low . it 's a smooth noise . no rattles . a low fan noise . 
i have three of these heaters in upstate ny it was 10 d. outside i had my one unit on 82 d with no other heat on the room was 65 d. and it cost me $ 0.65 aday and it was on 24 7 im looking to buy two more ... it does n't heat 1800 sq ft but it 's a great unit for the money my room was 800 sq ft plus the heat will travel up stairs charlie v long island 
the lowest setting is 59 degrees fahrenheit . 
yes , outer cabinet will not heat up , more compact than the lifesmart heater purchased previous to this one . i had an element burn out on the earlier model and a phone call got me instructions and all new elements . it remains in use . 
i use lifesmart 3 at a time thru the house , buy them on sale , throw them away when worn out . run them 7 24 from dec to march.usually they last about 3 years.cant ask for more than that . 
push mode button til eco mode is lite up . 
three years 
yes ma'am , it sure does . just take it out of the box , plug it in and you 'll be toasty warm . i really like mine ! 
i believe it is 1500 watts 
it has a fan & the unit is controlled by a thermostat . do n't know the cfm . i own a eden pure & 2 comfort furnaces each of which i paid over double the price of the lifesmart . this is a better heater and i use it as my center of the house auxiliary heat and my furnace runs very little . i broke my 1600 sq ft ranch home into 3 zones with the 3 infrared heaters & save hundreds on propane without raising my electric bill enough to equal the savings in propane . plus we are warm ! the forced air furnace was not efficient . i did have individual 20amp circuit breaker lines installed to increase efficiency & prevent popping the breakers . hope this helps . 
i believe the answer i received was 5 years with the extended warranty . 
about 48 '' tall 38 across ... thin , maybe 14 '' wide . not using corner option 
i have been trying to find out the dimensions of the fireplace without the added shelf too ! i hope someone who has purchased one replys soon ! 
it comes in three pieces . fireplace and basic box frame , then the shelving unit sits on top and gets screwed in , and lastly there are two `` arms '' that pull out of the shelving unit which allow you to screw the corner shelf extension onto it . do your research and be sure you are comfortable with the heat output . i am in the midst of returning ours . it was ineffective in our situation ( finished attic , with poor insulation - our small ceramic tower heater works better ) . 
yes it does . you can set for look , heat , or heat and fan . works beautifully . 
i think you could put a flat screen of that size on it ; i have a 47 '' and it would fit . the top surface does not get warm , nor does any heat come up from the back . the heat is transmitted through vents at the upper front portion and blows straight out . i 'm unsure if static electricity would be a problem . the unit is definitely stable enough to support the television , but only you can determine the risk for tip-over . 
22 1 2h x 28 1 2 w x 11 3 4 d 
it 's very quiet , just a slight hum . i do n't even notice it . i 've had mine for several weeks ! quite satisfied ! 
yes you can . the heater is on a thermostat that can be set to whatever temperature you want and will run even with the flames turned off . 
hi savanah , i believe the casters are about an inch and a half in diameter ... .mine sits on carpet , so i am a bit unsure 
do n't do it crystal ! that will not only burn your stockings it will most likely start a fire . i have had this unit for a year and something popped in it yesterday . make sure you buy the warranty like i did . good luck . kind regards , itsbeautiful 
31 `` wide by 26 '' high . works great . 
it 's pretty noisy . not uncomfortable but noisy 
using talk to text so formatting may be a bit off however i should say i am not at all i know it by the fan obviously it 's a matter of perception but it is in my opinion very low and i also can thoroughly enjoy the device i feel like it 's really well made and that you will enjoy it or get use out of it so give it a try i do n't think you 'll be disappointed 
no it can not only high or low ... . i returned it only worked for only a week and stopped working . it also did not have a timer . i purchased a bonaire one very nice . 
yes it does but i think that that would be a very unsafe idea unless you are committed to never using the heat option - - it generates heat out of the top and so you would have a fire hazard - - to the extreme -- and it would not heat your room . sorry but i am out of town and can not measure it for you . 
the glass face is 26 '' w x 20.5 '' h. overall height , including the stand is 22 '' . the unit depth is about 6 '' , but the stand is about 11 '' deep . 
i have it in an 8x8 bathroom in our basement . it keeps that warm , but i think a room your size you would need to run it 24 7 to keep it around 70 degrees . 
i 've had this for a little while , and and i 'm not sure about the infrared heater part . it does have two settings for heat . i have it in our bedroom and it heats it up nicely even on the lower setting . so far , we have been happy with it . 
possibly , however , the weight could be an issue for a non-sturdy back and the heat distribution could be a real problem . i would suggest contacting the manufacturer before putting the unit in a confined space . 
it says you can , but we have not tried yet ... we just got it in november 2012. if you get it , the front ( glass part ) slides onto side brackets , so when you move it be careful how you pick it up . 
yes , it does and that was the main problem for us , i thought it was try infrared heater . we returned it . it was very beautiful through . not sure how much it will stick out . never mounted it . 
there is no rubber seal so it is n't super right but it does fit on properly . if you are looking for a travel mug this is not the right one for you . hope this helps . 
the lid fits very well . it is a glass on glass seal . it lets out little to no steam . the backet is a high quality stainless steel . its not one of those cheep net ones . this one is more like thin sheet metal with tiny holes drilled into it . also it is very easy to clean . 
i would say the glass is fairly thick . thats a good thing for me . yes , the lid can be used w o the infuser . 
dont really know . the holes in the strainer seem fine enough but it isnt a percolater 
it was a gift so i havent tried but it is a glass mug made for hot liquids so i dont see why it wouldnt be microwavable . 
yes 
canada usa 
i gave this item as a gift , but as i recall the cup and cover were glass , the insert was plastic and metal mesh . 
this one yes . but they make a newer model with a flip top too 
sorry bought this and sent it back 
yes 
yes it does . great plastic . worth the money . 
filled to the rim it will hold 20oz without the fruit infuser . 
my favorite is frozen raspberries . i add approx . 3 4 cup at night then put in the fridge to grab in the morning on my way to work . the raspberries melt into the water and the taste is amazing . i have also used with about 6 slices of normal size lemon . i was a bit surprised how much fruit i could get in it . good purchase . since mine i 've ordered 5 more for coworkers . all who love it ! 
the outside is glass , the strainer inside is clear plastic and the lid is rubber or silicone covered . the inside sipper is plastic . hope that helps 
there is no light blue in this product . the picture is pretty close to the actual color . kind if royal blue color . i have them in stock . thanks 
i drink out of this bottle . 
the bottle is hard glass which is easy to clean but slippery i dropped one and broke it . it also gets cold fast which is good . inside is a plastic tube that holds the fruit . the green top is glass and hard plastic . it had a rubber seal which is air tight but can be difficult to clean . it is easy to exchange fruit when needed . 
yes , it does . i have a 2012 jeep grand cherokee with , what i assume are , normal cup holders . fit nicely . but again ... imo , this bottle is more about looks and less about practical functionality . 
i would n't recommend it for loose leaf . the holes are too big to use it for that . 
it is plastic . 
yes ! i do n't reccomend mircowaving it , but it works with hot liquids as well 
not sure . insert is plastic if that helps any . 
hi , not that i am aware of . enjoy the day . sincerely , sean narrow road 
order a new bottle 
i would want an entire new bottle personally , i would wonder if the new glass piece would fit with the top 
1 3 4 '' in diameter and 1 '' tall . the heart , big leaf and three leaves are a little wider , maybe 2 '' . i made lotion bars with mine . i was very happy with the mold , it held the details and released well . 
they are rather small but very cute . i use them to make soap gifts , and because they 're small , i end up giving three soaps to each person . i 'd say they 're about the size of a small cutie orange . 
not in the oven these are essentially molds . if you want to pour chocolate and let cool that would be the closest to baking you can get 
yes , each cavity holds 2 ozs 
this mold was a gift to go with a soap making kit . it makes really cute soaps , but i can not say what the weight of each bar was . 
ship from china 
i just looked it up thru amazon & it says the dimensions are 5.5x3.25x7.75 . it 's so cheap they did n't ask for it to be returned ; just gave me a full refund . four of us bought the umbra but 3 of us had to return ours for not dispensing . the simple human is the only other one i know of but it 's in the $ 40s & i think that 's too much to pay for something so simple . 
4 aaa . but save your money & buy a better one . this did n't work well from day one ! 
any soap . you can put whatever you want . 
yes the bedskirt is split on the corners . 
it comes with 2 small decorative pillows also 
it 's black 
i measured only the outside of this unit . looking at and measuring from the front , the unit is 22 inches across . from front to back of unit is 16 inches . the unit is 12 inches high . 
yes . i really like the size and features of this microwave . 
express buttons work fine . press 1 and it cooks for 1 minute , press two for 2 minute cooking . 
interior dimensions are l 15.91 x w 14.8 x h 9.84 
have you read my review of this microwave ? it 's a loud piece of crap that barely lasted us a year ! ! if you 've not bought it yet ... .do n't ! if you have , good luck with that ! all i have for you ... 
it does have an internal light . 
none yet after 14 months . ( in wisconsin not very humid here . ) 
yes and it dings 5 times when done and 3 times to remind you it done ! 
12 7 8 '' overall diameter turn table . 
yes , the top and bottom trims are stainless steel , but all the rest is black . it 's as it seems in the picture . 
yes it is on the right side at the back . i suppose if you used a funnel to get the water in the pot it would work better . 
yes . you can choose 2 hour or 4 hour . really like this coffee maker . 
from front to back . 
28 inches 
it appears to be the same plastic as the outside of the coffee pot . 
no , just something kind of ugly 
hot , but very slow 
the bottles are semi transparent . but i would recommend getting some labels . 
they are translucent but not transparent so you need labels . 
i just checked by filling with water - and it 's volume measures 4 fluid oz us . hope this helps 
each bottle is 4 '' tall and about 1 1 2 '' in diameter . they are about the size of a standard spice jar that you buy spices in . i do n't have any trouble with them fitting on my cabinet doors with the racks . you do have to place the racks where the bottles wo n't conflict with the shelves in your cabinet . you can adjust the bottles up and down in the clips to avoid the shelves . 
`` instructions for use '' ? not aware of any , but know the fan is very handy when overheated i.e . from temperature in room caused by people or any heating source , also great for `` overheating '' due to menopause . have used throughout the day night . portable and quiet enough to not disturb others . 
yes . just keep in mind that it is only going to direct air on one person 
4 aa 
the only place to clip it on a dog crate would be on the gate , but then the fan would n't be blowing air in the dogs direction . maybe if you take the clip off and velcro the fan to the inside it may work . 
yes . this fan provides a powerful airflow . 
it would be rather heavy to hang around your neck . 
it 's an uneven shape , but about 6 inches long and 3 1 2 inches wide and 2 inches thick . the vent where the air comes out , though , is a little square about 1 1 4 inches square , located up at the top . it 's an effective personal fan . 
i 've only used it with the usb attached ... 
yes 
it 's just a fan ... but it helps . 
i have the set and a ge induction range . it works very well on my range , except for one pot not included in the set which i purchased separately . for induction ranges a flat bottom that is the same size as the pot works best . a 'wok ' shaped vessel does n't work well , but this set works great on an induction range . 
i have been stacking mines since i received them and have n't seen any scratches inside . received them about a month ago . 
meyer manufacturing co. ltd. company information g f meyer industrial bldg kwun tong , kowloon , hong kong +852-27971200 http : www.meyer.com meyer manufacturing is no novice in the non-stick technology realm . the company 's director , stanley cheng , developed the circulon and anolon cookware lines with non-stick surfaces over hard-anodized aluminum . meyer manufacturing makes cookware and flatware and sells more than 100 cookware lines in some 30 countries . its also makes products from stainless steel and enamel on steel . the company began distributing its cookware products in the us in the early 1980s . it 's the parent company of us subsidiary and distributor , meyer corporation u.s. meyer manufacturing 's major us brands include anolon , circulon , farberware , napastyle , and silverstone . 
heavy duty nice shiny finish pans ... we love them 
one of the lids fits the 10 '' , but none of the lids fit the 12 '' 
it says they do on the instructions , but i have n't tested them personally . 
i would n't . we try not to , but we do occasionally , with no repercussions . i 'd like my cookware to last so i take care of it by using plastic or wooden utensils . they do make great utensils that are safe for this surface . enjoy your cooking & # 127859 ; & # 127859 ; & # 127859 ; . 
no 
i have no 'skin ' in this game and do not work for dupont . everything that i have found points to this coating being safe for humans . my wife and i have used this cookware for some time now and we have not seen any degradation of the surface . teflon '' is the same thing as pfoa . fact : if someone tells you `` teflon '' is pfoa , they are wrong . teflon is a brand . even the epa has said that the teflon brand is not pfoa . in fact , dupont teflon nonstick coatings for cookware and consumer bakeware are made without pfoa . does dupont use pfoa to make nonstick coatings for cookware ? no . as of january 1 , 2012 , dupont no longer uses pfoa to manufacture nonstick coatings for cookware and consumer bakeware . yes , products coated with teflon nonstick coatings are safe . prior to market introduction , dupont nonstick coatings were subjected to studies at the dupont haskell global centers for health & environmental sciences . cooks in more than 40 countries around the world have purchased and used billions of pots and pans with dupont nonstick coatings . over the past 40 years , there have been only a few reported accounts of polymer fume fever , a minor health effect with reversible flu-like symptoms , as a result of severely overheating nonstick cookware . the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) has found that dupont nonstick coatings for cookware are acceptable for conventional kitchen use . the u.s. consumer product safety commission rejected a petition in 2003 to require a label warning for nonstick coatings . the u. s. environmental protection agency ( epa ) does not believe there is any reason for consumers to stop using any consumer or industrial related products . we have no fears with regards to this product ... great choice and value for the money . ron 
i have never heard these pans make any noise at all . i love them for induction cooking and like all non-stick pans medium heat is the highest i cook on them unless boiling . 
it is a little over 3 inches in the center 
9 7 8 '' across 
i do n't know , i thought that i saw somewhere that it was . 
plastic for sure but good quality 
i do n't know if it is bpa free . i would hope that amazon would be watchful for false advertising , maybe we should ask them to clarify what in the product . 
no it 's plastic . i love mine and use it all the time . 
i 'm sorry - i do n't know . it is n't marked anywhere and i discarded the original packaging a long time ago . 
food area is about 3 '' tall with an additional 1+ '' for the handle . it is made od a good quality plastic , super easy to clean . this cover is worlds above any others i have had . 
i would n't try it so i 'm sticking with the recommendation of hand washing it & then i place it on the top rack to dry . 
i do n't remember looking on the packaging to find that information . i was just glad to get a replacement that really worked . the listing information plus the size style made this one my choice . 
i sleep on my side as well . i have had my pillow now for several months . it works wonderfullly . i use any type of pillow case . cotton breathes the best and is soft on your skin however you can use any pillowcase you like . i got the standard queen size . it is more standard than queen . if you like a larger pillow you can use the king but i have found this size to be perfectly sized for side sleeping . hope this helps 
i believe we purchased medium . the filling is not like a traditional pillow so not sure how much of a difference it makes . 
on the box it says open-cell poly-foam . but check their website or packaging for specifics 
i bought this for my sister . she said it has a lifetime warranty and she love love loves it . 
mine is white . i ended up cutting a hole in it and taking a bunch of stuffing out . 
i think the ony differance is this pillow is a little bit smaller than the premium maybe a couple inches ! my wife absolutly loves it ! 
put in dryer for 15 minutes take out and slap togather at both ends - and i love it ! 
well the directions say to use a cotton pillow case on it for best results . that is suspose to help keep you cool . i do n't really feel a big difference in the cool area . it does support really well . hope this helps you 
yes 
the first thing was to put it in the dryer 10 minutes.then advertising said she will not collapsed and it collapsed.i will send it back and buy the sobakawa pillow 
it includes cutting blades for fettuccine and spaghetti . 
7 '' 
the opening for the dough is about 5 1 2 inches but the dough comes out a little closer to 5 inches . 
i do n't think it is officially `` teflon '' . it is a very thin layer of non-stick that works great , however , it can be easily scratched if you use metal utensils . my husband mistakenly put a knife in the pan when it was in the sink , then put a bowl on top of it . the weight was enough to scratch the non-stick coating to the metal . i love everything about these pans but the non-stick coating is definitely not top of the line . there is a model up from this from rachel ray that is not colored but is heartier in quality . if you want something that will hold up better , i would recommend that model as the non-stick coating appears to be harder . however , if you want a cheap set of great pans and you use non-metal utensils and be mindful of what you throw in the pan - these work great . if you want a set that will hold up to years of abuse , i would consider another brand . 
yes 
do n't have a cooktop because everything scratches a cooktop . 
dear amazon consumer , unfortunately , we do not have that item available in red in open stock . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . kind regards , audrey consumer relations 
thailand 
the rachael ray porcelain enamel ii nonstick 3-qt . covered saucepan only comes in eggplant . 
i bought this as a gift , so i would n't know . i do know that the recipient loves it ! 
the bottom is about 7 '' dia then the pot curves out to the 10 '' dia for the top of the pot . hope this helps . 
yes , a magnet sticks to the bottom of the pans , and to the sides and top of pan . i took a magnet from my refrig . and tried it . the pans are very light weight and not a heavy weight of stainless steel and after cooking in it , leaves like a rust stain that i have to scrub out after every use . i do n't know what 's up with that ? ? the top lid part that locks , is held in place by a little piece of straight metal that is not screwed in or anything to the side of the pans , and they come out all the time . this is dangerous when trying to pour hot water out of the tops and the pins fall out and let the lid fall off . now the lids wo n't lock either because i lost the pins and did n't notice they had fallen out . for the money it was ok. but the next time i 'll buy a more expensive set , and hopefully the lids will lock on right . i still use the big pot , and i hold the lid on while i pour liquid off . d.wright 
no , it wo n't . 
i do n't think so . but it is a very good quality product . we have been using this daily for cooking rice and it has been perfect . it can be used for taking stock as well . 
yes , they are all stainless . 
gosh , klegan , i have no idea . you may want to contact the manufacturer . wish i could help . good luck . sallie 
mine covers the top and hangs down the sides a bit , like a `` coverlet '' . it 's nice to have a longer bedspread underneath in a contrasting or neutral color . my pillow covers match the bedspread . matching fur pillows are purely optional . i think it looks fine either way . 
hi ! in my own opinion , the fur is very soft . there is soft dense fur with longer `` top '' hairs but those longer hairs do not feel scratchy to me at all . i was originally looking at the coyote fur and read many reviews on all the fur options offered by this company . after reading the reviews , where many people said the coyote was scratchy , i chose the kitt fox . i worried about it but when i received it i was blown away by the quality and softness . the reverse side feels like sheared rabbit and is sensuously , lusciously soft ! this throw is very thick and plush and at times can be too warm . so , if you live in a warmer climate , it may be too much . i also ordered the leopard throw ( same company ) in hopes that it will be a bit lighter weight and , hence , a more 3-season option for texas . this kitt fox throw will have to be stored away for texas ' late spring , summer and fall ! that 's how warm it is ... .at least for me . but , in a nutshell , it is very soft . sorry for being so wordy ! hope this helps . 
i would only dry clean it . you could possibly wash it very gently and air dry it . but i will only dry clean mine to retain the softness . 
it will fit the bed but not as big as a comforter . a full size bed is 53 '' w x 74.5 '' l and the throw is 58 '' w x 60 '' l so it will fit the sides but the length will be a little bit short . thank you . 
yes , it 's a gorgeous color . 
no , the back side is a solid light brown material . 
none that i noticed . 
thanks for your question , when an item is listed as `` temporarily out of stock . order now and we 'll deliver when available , '' this means the item is n't ordered frequently . we ca n't predict exactly how long it 'll take to obtain it or when we 'll be able to ship it . if you place an order , we 'll do our best to get the item for you , and we 'll e-mail you as soon as we have more information from our suppliers . if it takes too long for us to find stock , you can cancel the order anytime before it enters the shipping process , and you wo n't be charged . i hope this helps ! 
the kitt fox size 60 '' x 84 '' will be in stock in the next two weeks . thank you . 
as stated on the website . product details product dimensions : 17 x 44 x 18 inches shipping weight : 38.4 pounds ( view shipping rates and policies ) 
there is a 7inch space . i currently have 5 pairs of my son 's sneakers under there . 
it is only about 4 inches deep . i have mine in the entry way and i keep the kids hats , gloves , shin guards , etc in it . 
there is no assembly required , it comes as the picture ! 
17 '' wide and 18 '' high , not the other way around . 
i think the trai would sit flat , but this bench might be a little too low as a table . 
about 6in , btw , beware , i bought this bench , got it within 2 days but it had two broke legs , called customer service , they flat told me i was lying because it was impossible for me to have received the bench that quickly as it was not showing up in their system as shipped , well after an hour of going round and round with them about the reasoning behind me calling over a broke bench if i did n't even have it yet ( they wanted a copy of the packing slip but there was none ) . anyhow a manager then arranged ups pickup ( the original person wanted me to take the 70lb bench to a ups store ) , it took 4 weeks to get a replacement which had two cracks in the wood but they were in the rear so my husband was able to glue it . i just did not want to deal with that customer service rep again . but for $ 169 i expected a bit more quality . so far it is holding up alright though . i have owned it for 6 months now . i like the inside storage place too for putting hats and gloves . hope this helps you . 
dark brown and very poorly assembled 
absolutely . i use it everyday to put and take off my shoes . my adult son has used it as well - he weighs close to 200 pounds . 
yes , the cushion and the bench itself are brown . 
yes , the kitt fox faux fur blanket in size 58 '' x 84 '' is big enough for a queen size mattress . we put a white coverlet underneath the fur blanket and it looks great . 
it 's faux fox fur on one side as shown in the picture , and the other side is faux rabbit fur , very soft ! 
it is more natural color with hints of creme , beige with dark brown , black sprinkled through . it is really nice like it a lot ! 
unfortunately not , it is even a little smaller than i would like for our queen bed . 
there was n't one with the blanket . 
the underside is a very soft plush fabric much like a short faux fur , it feels amazingly soft . our throw is the large size . we love it . 
dear bryan , thank you for contacting us . i would say the one with most black-ish colors is the pearl finn raccoon . the main colors of this throw is a dark shade of grey and darker shade of white compared to the other throws . another one might be amber fox , but that is more brown yellow dark instead of solid black . i hope this answers your question . best , -besthomefashion 
put in washer on delakit cold . then in dryer on cool no heat . . then take a brush & fluff hairs up . looks like new again . : ) 
hello , our na branch does not ship to uk . amazon sells our products separately on their uk website . you can check out amazon.co.uk for more details . thank you . -besthomefashion 
i have already packed this up as i live in tucson arizona . high today was 103 ! ! anyway this blanket is very heavy and well made.. worth every penny and then some ... my guess is about 8 pounds ... hope this helps.. 
yes , it can , but it depends how big they are , of course.what is flimsy is the glasses holder.be carfull when putting them on and off.always watch it ! 
i 've only had mine 4 months , but no sign of rust so far . it looks really good and works perfectly . 
27.2 '' with both pieces installed on each side . without it is 22 '' . i hang the cutlery holder on the cup holder . it 's not the most sturdy but it works for what i need it to do . 
it should . i just put my 20oz . stainless steel ll bean water bottle in it and it fit . 
yes , the height is roughly 10 inches , width is roughly 8 inches and the thickness is about 3 inches with a handle attachment 
yes . it 's fully insulated . 
i do n't think so . i looked at mine and each leg has a round chrome top on the top glass , so although they have rubber feet , it seems like it could be rather unstable . without that chrome top ( see picture on all 4 sides where legs are ) it would work , as it does have rubber feet and the glass one i have does not slide on my ceramic counter ... ..ohhhhh i just checked and those round chrome tops screw off ! ! probably for cleaning ( after trying one , i did see a little coffee under there..they thought of everything ! ) . soooo i think if you screwed those off on your bottom tray that another one could be set on top . and with the rubber feet , i think it would remain stable . it does n't appear to be specifically made for stacking , but i do think it could work . good idea ! i might get another one myself ! if you try it , let me know okay ? ? ? please note : i 'm not recommending this , as i have n't tried it , but it appears to be possible . i 'd try it , in fact i might ! update : no they 're not stackable ! it just occurred to me and i went and checked . unscrewing that cap compromises the integrity of the leg . so no i 'd say do n't stack . i would not want to balance the legs on that dome cap . sorry bout that . 
no , there is no flat solid surface on the bottom of the drawer . the cups do not sit at a tilt on the single rod because the side rods come in slightly and hold the k-cups perfectly straight . hope this helps . 
the drawer holds keurig cups in one layer height ( 2-inches ) , and bunch of them in total . the deck for the keurig is at 3-inches above the counter top it rests on . i 've seen a wood topped unit similar in design at costco , but was much higher and the wood would trap bacteria vs this unit is tempered glass and easy to clean , see through for how many refills you have left and to see what flavors you have as well . i find it much more practical . 
it 's clear . the only green is at the edges of the glass . very well made and drawers slide more easily than other k-cup drawers . 
i 'm pretty sure all coffee pods are the same size , you could always check at the grocery store in the coffee isle . 
i have a k65 and it fits perfectly with room to spare . 
no . the vue cups are too big for the narrow rows that are made for the kcups . this is made strictly for k cup storage . it 's too bad - this unit is really nice . 
i put them on bottom corners 
13 1 4 l 12 1 2 w 3 1 8 h 
yes , fits perfectly ! 
i have used these in my daughter 's shoes , in my kickboxing gloves and in my gym bag for almost a year and have n't noticed any sort of dust discoloration issues . 
yes that is how you basically `` recharge '' them and it does work just place them outside or anywhere in direct sunlight for an hour or more if you want and then they will be ready to use again . also the smell of whatever you used them for should be gone . i use mines in my running shoes and after i recharge them they do n't smell anymore and go right back into my running shoes again . i hope this answered your question ! ! 
roughly 8 '' x3 '' 
i 'm not sure if would work in cold areas . you 'd have to contact the manufacturer . it works great though in normal tempered areas . 
no 
no , its a typo they are $ 9.99 
with most of these products , it is the try and see method . i do n't know if the smell will completely go away , but it may become better to tolerate . 
i am not sure , but i believe the packaging says they get rid of stale , musty odors . i think with anything like desk drawers it would really depend on how permeated the wood is with the scent of smoke . 
i really do n't think they do work that well in bigger spaces . the small ones seem to work well continuously in a smaller bag , so long as you follow the instructions and put them in the light once a month . 
yes . 
10 '' x13 '' x3.5 '' 
yes 
yes -- i would say so -- depending upon how large the belt buckle is . 
about the size of a pair of socks or a rolled up tie 
ya you can but the material is real flimsy and cheap i threw mine away 
it is for all three pieces 
i do n't understand this question the measurements for each set of shelves is in the product description . multiply the height and width by 3. duh 
no 
read the product description 
no , it is made of cheap pressed particle board and the back is cardboard . 
it is 3 seperate bookcases . the back is a thin cardboard . 
if you have a lot of heavy reference books then this is not the quality your looking for . i would say it has light to medium weight capacity . it 's all particle board . 
93 inches [ 2362mm ] total length & 72 inches [ 1829mm ] tallest piece 
width : 2'7 '' , depth : 11.5 '' , height : 3'9 '' 4'10 '' 5'11 '' 
7'9 '' 
six feet 
little less than 11 inches . 
correct : 11.5 x 47.2 x 72.8 inches ; 125.4 pounds 
it 's just particle board , but the design is nice and i 've had lots of compliments on it . pay attention while putting it together . we ended up with 3 small cubbies on one side and just one on the other . it was all glued together by the time we realized our mistake : ( 
there was significant amount of assembly . i put it together by myself and it took me about 2.5 hours , although , i was watching t.v . as well and took frequent breaks . 
there are no screws showing 
yes they should do fine . 
you can try bedframes.com here is an excerpt sc-7 - full queen king cal-king support system for wood rails 1 1 4 inch angle iron , with adjustable glides ( for heights 6 '' - 15 '' ) - support system for wood rails is a better alternative to wood slats that are often provided with wood beds . the adjustability of the support system allows for a snug fit regardless of the size of the bed . constructed from recycled railroad steel , this support system provides more strength , support and durability than wood slats . made in the usa . hope that helps 
yes , you can move the support north , south , east and west . 
you still need a box spring . this provides better support for a full size and larger bed so the box spring will not sag . 
i used these three metal slats to replace broken wooden slats on a bed that sounds similar to yours . i left in all the other wooden slats that were not broken . i ca n't imagine only having the 3 metal slats as support . i feel that the bed would sag and create back pain . 
3 adjustable slats , good quality 
there are 2 sets of legs with different length screws for adjustment as well as 2 sets of receivers that are different sizes 
definitely over 300 lbs . 
we 've had them since christmas , no rust to date , yes they go in dishwasher 
chicago cutlery now is mostly made in china with inferior chinese steel ( 420 stainless ) . their american production knives are branded `` lamson sharp '' or `` lamson & goodnow '' . chicago cutlery is fine for the average homeowner . but if you like quality steel look elsewhere . 
forged . we 've had them about 18 months now and i could n't be happier with my purchase . we do a lot if entertaining and the knives are used daily . they are as sharp as the day i bought them . highly recommend ! 
8 steak , paring knife , bread knife , sharpener , bone knife , scissors , bone knife and another larger paring knife . 
they are not necessarily forged from the flames of mordor . but they are really good nnives for the price . the steak knives have more of a plastic like handle . while the specialty knives have some type of higher quality composite . blades have n't rusted . scissors feel kinda cheap . but overall great for the price . 
it is boxed twiced . my came ina amazon box and then once opened it was in the chicago cutlery box . just needs the gift wrap and bow 
it is wood . 
i have had this knife for 3 months and nothing bad with any of them , in fact was thinking to buy the same as a gift 
i 've had mine 9 months and love them . i hand wash and dry them and they are not rusty at all ! 
it is about 3-3.5 '' wide , 7 '' tall , and 7 '' long . 
i bought an electric sharpner . it works great on them . i 've never had good results with the ones that come with the set . 
no 
yes , i believe they 're solid , though that 's a relative term as the blade goes through the handles for mounting purposes . 
yes , they are . wash them by hand and dry immediately or else they could rust . do not was them in the dishwasher . 
no , it does not come with a sharpener . it has a 7.75 in . chef , 7.75 in . bread , 7.75 in . slicer , 5.5 in . utility , two-4 in . parers , 3.75 in . peeler , kitchen shears , six-5.5 in . steak knives and a wood storage block . 
i 've had this set for 6 months with absolutely no rust after countless washings by hand and dishwasher . 
it 's a little lighter than the picture but still a rich pretty dark brown 
the blades are only serrated from the tip for about 2.5 inches ! 
smooth like plastic . 
i do n't know . i would call the company or go online for their website . 
a rock or leather belt . 
one small knife is finely serrated . i use it to slice bread ... does it beautifully . 
i believe all the knives in this set are forged . they all look like the steak knives . as to where these were made , have no clue anymore , threw the packaging away when i decided to keep the knives . they are really good knives , no matter where they were made . 
no , it does not come with a sharpener . it has a 7.75 in . chef , 7.75 in . bread , 7.75 in . slicer , 5.5 in . utility , two-4 in . parers , 3.75 in . peeler , kitchen shears , six-5.5 in . steak knives and a wood storage block . dec 2 , 2013 by ralph y. just pasting this answer 
we have had this for several months and have had no problems with the hose kinking . the redesign of the basket bag area is a big improvement also . 
telescoping wand : yes full bag indicator : yes `` the s-bag indicator window will fill red when full . '' 
yes . it does . it has the small tools and brushes for getting in tight and small spaces . the small brush is perfect for stairs and the cone gets into the corners . the only thing with stairs is the awkwardness of the unit but without the power brush , it is manageable . we love this unit as we have three dogs and two cats . i highly recommend this vacuum . 
all pcs . included just like any other vaccum ... only downside is no hepa filter , but i canl ive with that because the bags are completely sealed when operating . this is fabulous machine . ss 
this is greatest vaccum evsays 12.0amps 60hz under the vac 
12 amps 120 volts 60 hz 
i do n't know how to tell if it is fake . it works . pretty well . i have one complaint . the attachments are stored on the handle and fall off often . not the best location . for storing . 
i am embarrassed that amazon would expect a customer to respond to a question like this . if amazon is selling something and does n't know where it is made , then why would they expect a customer to know ? amazon , shame on you for foisting your responsibilities off on your customers ! ! ! 
yes it does . 
this vacuum takes electrolux 's s-bag . my jetmaxx came with 13 bags included , but that probably varies . they come in different grades ... fineness of filtration , etc . there are also knock-offs that are less expensive , offered on amazon by envirocare , etc . it looks like the knock-offs are not allowed to say `` s-bag '' so they might say electrolux `` style s '' or i think style ox might be the same thing . check with the bag supplier . 
cheaper hepa filter that fits winix 6300 ! fellowes hf-300 true hepa filter , for use with fellowes ap-300ph air purifier ( 9370101 ) sold on amazon for $ 33.00 -- contains only the white hepa filter , with out all those black carbon filters . the winix brand filter ( $ 64.99 i think ) for the 6300 is only sold with 3 addt'l black carbon filters and most of us have tons of those and only want the hepa filter . this fellowes brand filter fits the winix 6300 and it 's much cheaper -- at $ 33.00 ea . with that savings i bought 2 of them . they are completely identical to the winix brand replacements . 
it works on detection . if the air is polluted , it will automatically turn on higher to filter it , ie..cigarette smoke , cleaning solutions , food odor , kids farts.. : ) 
the replacement filter box says it fits wac 5300 and wac 6300 ( we have the 6300 ) 
the 6300 has an extra level of filtration . i just ca n't spell out the details for you . just read the product description for each model and it should be clear . good luck ... .marie cappola 
do not wash either filter . replace them . change the carbon filter every three months . the replacement filter indicator will illuminate when to replace the hepa filter . i ordered new filters through amazon -- the winix 115115 hepa and 4 carbon replacement filter combo pack sold by green air . 
yes 
not sure ... they are 2 different machines . i 'm very happy with the 6300 4 stage because i get a lot of blow sand from the beach . my guess is they both cover about same amount of sq ft. if you have a larger room than 350 sq ft , then buy 2 machines . 
yes it is bernard ! i run it on manual at level 3 almost 24 7. it 's doing an excellent job . i had huge problem with dust from blow sand ... i live a block from the beach . 
the best explanation is here : http : www.winixinc.com plasmawave-page-99.php 
personally , i find any lights obtrusive in the bedroom . i have installed this unit in a high school nurse 's office but do remember several lights that i do n't think can be turned off . but it is a good unit - very capable . i would recommend making a couple of flaps out of card stock and fasten them to the unit with electrical tape as a hinge . the card stock can be lowered over the leds at night and lifted when you wish . 
it is the same color as the rest of the unit . although maybe just a smidgen less attractive . for the most part , sall ' good : d. its an awesome shelf . 
the clearance height is 12 inches . 
like a cherry 
the baskets do leave marks after only a short time of use . i started lifting them rather than sliding them after about a month . 
it is a very dark brown . expresso would be appropriate . it is very nice piece of furniture and i am very pleased that i purchased it . 
about 20 to the outside of the legs and 18 between . 
this will hold at least 50 pounds . 
the table top is 28 '' x 17.75 '' and when open , it stands 26 '' high . 
28 x 18 x 26 high 
the product is very sturdy , and the workmanship is excellent . the company , manchester wood , asks you to contact them if there is any problem . they guarantee to replace any part or the whole product if defective . check out their website for more information . 
there seems to be a top layer of latex , resting on a bottom layer of memory foam . i have only slept on it a few times , and i have a nice memory foam topper on top of it for now because i 'm pregnant and sleep on my side and there 's nowhere else to store the topper . however , before i put the topper on it i tried it out while awake . the feel is firm , but not hard . you do n't sink in like you would with a memory foam mattress . however , you also do n't get the feeling of something pushing back into you and digging in , like you might with an inner coil mattress . some dense foam mattresses have felt `` hard '' to me . this one just feels firm and supportive -- not plush . it is almost like what you would expect an air mattress to be if the air mattress were impossibly perfectly super-full and taut -- but it has a little more give or `` sink '' than that . also , i am told that in several weeks it will soften just a bit , then stay that way , and it will feel less firm than synthetic latex ( it is natural latex ) . as a final note , i have noticed that people really vary in their perception of what is `` firm '' versus `` soft . '' i would call this definitely firm , but far from extreme . 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
platform metal bed frame & lt ; -- -- -- -- type that in at walmart , ( or elsewhere ) , and depending on size will only cost between $ 60 - $ 120 . i 've had this bed on it for 2 years now . it is what this type of bed frame is made for . the latex must be able to breathe , it is not intended to be put on a box spring , it may possibly grow mold in doing so . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
the delivery period will depend on the selected shipping option ( next-day , standard , etc . ) , the delivery address , and whether the purchase is fulfilled by amazon or by the seller . standard shipping from linenspa ships within 2 days and after that usually arrives within 3-5 business days . the mattress will arrive vacuum sealed in plastic rolled inside of the original box . the size of the package will depend on the size of the mattress purchased . the boxes range from 42 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' to 78 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' . 
definitely ! when i roll up it is about 18 '' in diameter . i stuff it in a `` heavy duty nylon laundry bag 30 '' x 40 '' 200 denier , navy '' , which i also bought on amazon . the bag is 40 '' long , and 18 '' to 20 '' in diameter ... perfect fit ! i also bought a `` jacquard velour all around zippered cover for 3 '' twin memory foam mattress pad topper '' to protect it . 
we have not slept on it without a mattress underneath . but the mattress we have underneath it is so lame and thin -- it is close to not having one underneath ! this 3 '' topper is so comfortable . it turned a near unsleepable mattress into a great night 's sleep ! i bet it would make a good camping pad all by itself . 
not sure on the density , but i feel like i sink in but dont bottom out..if that helps at all . im about 140 lbs . 
if they have them they should be the size of a twin mattress . i noticed that on my queen it is a few inches shorter on the foot end but i am 6ft and do n't come close to the end of the topper . before you order measure your mattress and then have amazon customer service help you verify the toppers width and length as well as thickness . i hope this helps you . 
do n't know how to calculate it , but it 's pretty dense , quite comfortable 
it does not sleep hot . i do not suffer from back pain . i have no aches or pains using this product and have been sleeping on it for several months now . i 'm satisfied with this product . 
mine did not smell very strong . i put it out over the weekend . i put mine on the mattress and then put a mattress pad over the foam pad . it still feels soft and no oder . 
i do n't know . when buying my twin there were two sizes available ... so i took measurements of my bed and made comparisons to the two choices . maybe you can do that too . hope this helped and just know i am very happy with my topper . 
it floats in water . is really soft . very soft . i recomended gel infused one . 
wat exactly is the densiyy 
not sure but mine was heavy . 40.2 sounds closer . 
no , it does not come with a cover that you can take off . it is a soft textured material that surrounds the mattress . 
you would need to contact either amazon or the seller fro that answer . 
it is 10 inches thick . the length and width are standard sizes for mattresses , depending on which option you select ( twin , full , queen or king ) . 
i 'm sorry , i do n't have any idea of what you are asking ? we do love the mattress still , no permanent body indentation 's of any sort . 
ca king is longer than a standard king size mattress . the foam mattress topper covered 2 twin beds pushed together completely . 
yes it is still just a nice . quality product . 
i do n't think so . i 've heard other people say `` memory foam is too hot '' ! we 've had memory foam toppers on our bed for years , and i have to say this is the best by far . 
i have purchased all three and the three and four inch were just to soft . plus your bedding is most likely not going to fit . the two inch worked best for us , not too soft , but still helped with the back and hip pain . again , this was just me and my husband but even our grand kids did not like the 3 and 4 inch foam . 
no . it does n't come with a cover . but i love ours ! had it for almost a year and it has performed well . very comfortable . 
it fits all queen mattres.will take best offer 100.00 or more never used 3yr gart 
not sure what you 're ssking 
mine is 74 x 78 right now . when i first put it on it fit the 76 x 80 dimensions of my mattress almost exactly . but , as we have used it , it seems to becompacted about an inch per side . when i change the sheets , i lift it a bit and move it around and that seems to do something that gets it back to an exact fit again . but even when it 's in its shorter and narrower state it looks fine with the mattress pad , sheet and quilt over it . 
no , it does not come with a cover . 
huh ? ? 
this is a foam mattress . it consists of two layers of foam . top 3 inch layer is nice firm latex foam . the bottom layer is fairly firm foam for support . the benefit and comfort ( and price ) comes from that nice top layer for firm latex . the two layers are glued together . understanding that you realize : there are no springs to deform if the mattress is used in an adjustable bed frame . however : there is a chance the layers will separate from the movements as you raise and lower parts of the bed frame . also , that supporting bottom layer is designed to support that 3 inch top layer ... it was not put there to be flexible . basically , what i am saying is this : you can used this mattress in an adjustable frame..but you would be using it for something it was not designed to be used for . it will most likely void the warranty . other issues : the nice bamboo fabric case it comes in may not hold up to such a frame . also , they recommend this mattress be used on a platform `` slat type '' bed frame with support front to back and side to side ... in other words a flat board would be the best platform to place this mattress on . i would not put this on an adjustable frame . 
the mattress is very thick . it may not be very flexible . 
this mattress is very plush ! ! you will sink into it , but that is good if you have joint pain and back pain because you are supported all over ! ! 
there seems to be a top layer of latex , resting on a bottom layer of memory foam . i have only slept on it a few times , and i have a nice memory foam topper on top of it for now because i 'm pregnant and sleep on my side and there 's nowhere else to store the topper . however , before i put the topper on it i tried it out while awake . the feel is firm , but not hard . you do n't sink in like you would with a memory foam mattress . however , you also do n't get the feeling of something pushing back into you and digging in , like you might with an inner coil mattress . some dense foam mattresses have felt `` hard '' to me . this one just feels firm and supportive -- not plush . it is almost like what you would expect an air mattress to be if the air mattress were impossibly perfectly super-full and taut -- but it has a little more give or `` sink '' than that . also , i am told that in several weeks it will soften just a bit , then stay that way , and it will feel less firm than synthetic latex ( it is natural latex ) . as a final note , i have noticed that people really vary in their perception of what is `` firm '' versus `` soft . '' i would call this definitely firm , but far from extreme . 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
platform metal bed frame & lt ; -- -- -- -- type that in at walmart , ( or elsewhere ) , and depending on size will only cost between $ 60 - $ 120 . i 've had this bed on it for 2 years now . it is what this type of bed frame is made for . the latex must be able to breathe , it is not intended to be put on a box spring , it may possibly grow mold in doing so . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
the delivery period will depend on the selected shipping option ( next-day , standard , etc . ) , the delivery address , and whether the purchase is fulfilled by amazon or by the seller . standard shipping from linenspa ships within 2 days and after that usually arrives within 3-5 business days . the mattress will arrive vacuum sealed in plastic rolled inside of the original box . the size of the package will depend on the size of the mattress purchased . the boxes range from 42 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' to 78 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' . 
it 's measuring 10 '' height , 59 3 4 '' width , and 80 '' length . the width and length are give or take a little bit , as it 's hard to measure right exact w sheets . 
i love this mattress . it is firm without being too hard . my grandchildren love them as well . 
per a google search on `` linen spa lucid '' manufactured - it is made and manufactured in china 
if the frame is the right size and there 's something solid for the mattress to lay on i do n't see why not . ca n't say from experience because i have a box spring though . 
there seems to be a top layer of latex , resting on a bottom layer of memory foam . i have only slept on it a few times , and i have a nice memory foam topper on top of it for now because i 'm pregnant and sleep on my side and there 's nowhere else to store the topper . however , before i put the topper on it i tried it out while awake . the feel is firm , but not hard . you do n't sink in like you would with a memory foam mattress . however , you also do n't get the feeling of something pushing back into you and digging in , like you might with an inner coil mattress . some dense foam mattresses have felt `` hard '' to me . this one just feels firm and supportive -- not plush . it is almost like what you would expect an air mattress to be if the air mattress were impossibly perfectly super-full and taut -- but it has a little more give or `` sink '' than that . also , i am told that in several weeks it will soften just a bit , then stay that way , and it will feel less firm than synthetic latex ( it is natural latex ) . as a final note , i have noticed that people really vary in their perception of what is `` firm '' versus `` soft . '' i would call this definitely firm , but far from extreme . 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
platform metal bed frame & lt ; -- -- -- -- type that in at walmart , ( or elsewhere ) , and depending on size will only cost between $ 60 - $ 120 . i 've had this bed on it for 2 years now . it is what this type of bed frame is made for . the latex must be able to breathe , it is not intended to be put on a box spring , it may possibly grow mold in doing so . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
the delivery period will depend on the selected shipping option ( next-day , standard , etc . ) , the delivery address , and whether the purchase is fulfilled by amazon or by the seller . standard shipping from linenspa ships within 2 days and after that usually arrives within 3-5 business days . the mattress will arrive vacuum sealed in plastic rolled inside of the original box . the size of the package will depend on the size of the mattress purchased . the boxes range from 42 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' to 78 '' x 17 '' x 17 '' . 
definitely ! when i roll up it is about 18 '' in diameter . i stuff it in a `` heavy duty nylon laundry bag 30 '' x 40 '' 200 denier , navy '' , which i also bought on amazon . the bag is 40 '' long , and 18 '' to 20 '' in diameter ... perfect fit ! i also bought a `` jacquard velour all around zippered cover for 3 '' twin memory foam mattress pad topper '' to protect it . 
we have not slept on it without a mattress underneath . but the mattress we have underneath it is so lame and thin -- it is close to not having one underneath ! this 3 '' topper is so comfortable . it turned a near unsleepable mattress into a great night 's sleep ! i bet it would make a good camping pad all by itself . 
not sure on the density , but i feel like i sink in but dont bottom out..if that helps at all . im about 140 lbs . 
if they have them they should be the size of a twin mattress . i noticed that on my queen it is a few inches shorter on the foot end but i am 6ft and do n't come close to the end of the topper . before you order measure your mattress and then have amazon customer service help you verify the toppers width and length as well as thickness . i hope this helps you . 
do n't know how to calculate it , but it 's pretty dense , quite comfortable 
it does not sleep hot . i do not suffer from back pain . i have no aches or pains using this product and have been sleeping on it for several months now . i 'm satisfied with this product . 
mine did not smell very strong . i put it out over the weekend . i put mine on the mattress and then put a mattress pad over the foam pad . it still feels soft and no oder . 
i do n't know . when buying my twin there were two sizes available ... so i took measurements of my bed and made comparisons to the two choices . maybe you can do that too . hope this helped and just know i am very happy with my topper . 
it floats in water . is really soft . very soft . i recomended gel infused one . 
wat exactly is the densiyy 
its pretty nice . very firm when you first get it and softens up . we have had ours about 2 months and love it . 
you have to call the manufacturer and ask them . 
i just moved to a new home and moved it . i would say around 20 pounds maximum 
the queen size i got is 75 3 4 '' long x 56 3 4 '' wide x 3 '' tall ... 
no it does n't , but i had no trouble using it with a mattress pad . 
china 
twin sized is about 6ft by 3ft . 
i had to cut the one i bought for my father using long standard scissors , compressing the pad edge as i cut it . the cut edge is n't neat and pretty , but it worked . 
we love it - decided to go this route first before buying a full foam . it 's a keeper ! 
i 've just had it a week , so do n't know how long but it seems of great quality . 
yes , but others may not think so . i am 6'0 '' , 190lbs , athletic build ( not fat and soft but not chiseled either ) and i bottomed out the pad with shoulders and hips depending on how i was laying . i am an avid camper and usually sleep on a 1 2 '' foam pad under my sleeping bag , so this mattress topper on my hard wood floor felt great . totally good enough for a good nights sleep , but do n't expect full mattress plush . my sub-100 lb girlfriend never bottomed out the pad and said it felt just like the tempurpedic mattress in the spare room . 
it can be cut with the right tool . you 'll need a sharp roller and no-cut pad that you can find in any fabric or craft store . 
there has been no noticeable difference with the lucid than my regular mattress . it is very comfortable . 
its not a tower it 's a memory foam mattress . 
technically yes . it wouldnt fold neatly in any way . while not impossible i would warn that doing this would become a little annoying on multiple occasions . ( heavier than it loks ) however if it for occasional family or guests it wouldnt be bad and this topper dramatically improves the comfort of any bed it is on . 
74x 53 '' x is a full size bed x what ever thickness you want 
i do n't know but the linenspa website has a place where you can ask a question & get an answer directly from them . 
you could but the foam starts firm and the longer your on it the softer it becomes . you would notice you had pad unless your a back sleeper then you should be fine . 
it would probably help because it is pretty solid firm , but i 'm not sure it would cover it completely 
i did n't check the actual density but it feels pretty dense to me , three inches of high quality memory foam , ca n't go wrong ! 
weeelllllll ... it depends on the car ! it would fit in the back of a hatchback or some kind of suv , but in the backseat of a yaris or honda fit ? no . 
i 'm sorry , i have no idea . i would contact the manufacturer or amazon , they should be able to tell you . we still love this mattress ! ! 
it 's not mushy at all . it 's pretty substantial ! 
standard 60 '' x80 '' x10 '' as in the product description . 
no it does not come with a frame . the matress is delivered rolled up in a long box . you have to let it relax a day before u use it . we love it . it did n't have a oder like some one said . i will buy another . 
i 'm not sure . we ordered a different bed frame when we bought our mattress . 
i do n't believe so , but i am not 100 % sure 
perfect for side sleeping . im primarily a side sleeper and i dont miss the springs digging in my sides from my old bed . i have had this mattress for 2 yrs now and it still feels like the first time we slept in it . 
it seemed like it took a slight bit longer but ours expanded eventually . 
amazon does sell adjustable frames that say they are good for memory foam mattresses so i would think that this one could be used for it . if you already have a bed frame , what you should know is that these types of mattresses need to be on a very sturdy surface , not like a regular box spring or the warranty would be void . the reasons for this is that if they are not on a stable surface , they will not perform properly . my fiance built a wooden frame for our first memory foam mattress and did n't buy the correct type of wood for it . we 're not small people and the wood cracked a bit and we both noticed immediately that the mattress seemed to become spongy . he fixed the break in the frame and it immediately became sturdy again . do a search on adjustable bed frames for memory foam mattresses on amazon and see if yours looks like the ones amazon sells to see if it will work for you . 
dishwasher not recommended 
i put mine in the dishwasher and they are just fine . 
absolutely . you can cook on medium-high . we do it all the time . they are as heavy as other ceramic pans on the market but they have held up well and we use them all the time . 
sorry do n't know 
we wipe the pan out while it is still warm then we wash it with soap and hot water . comes clean immediately . never put it in the dishwasher . 
made in china friend 
we 've been using these ( a lot ) for the past 5 months and they cook like a charm . no problems with the coating or the shape and it cooks everything evenly . 
no i do n't think so . your cook top requires pots made of cast iron or stainless steel . these pots are best with cook tops that are electric or gas . induction cooking uses magnetic exchange to cause cooking , so no i do n't think they will work for you . 
i do n't see why not . if they get hot they should cook on any surface 
no . i found they did not like high heat . 
yes . i have had no problems when adding oil . 
at the time i ordered mine it was called a 9.5 '' size pan . but now the listing gives no size for it . i can only assume this one listed on amazon is the same as the one i got . 
i would say not . i recently used pan and a large crack in the ceramic coating appeared . it has been frustrating and of no avail trying to contact amazon about this failure . maybe with this answer customer service will respond . again , i personally would noy use this pan in an oven . good luck , beverly . 
not sure if it works on an induction cooktop . 
i would think it 's made in china - it has no product brand 
i believe you are right 2 qt and 1 qt at so on . i love them 
no . 
8 '' , 10 '' , & 12 '' 
marianna the outside pan is approximately 4 inches deep & inside pan is 3 inches deep . it will make a 2lb meatloaf and keep the fat away from the meat . it is also easy to clean if you spray the inside pan 1st w pam 
no , there is n't . i just let it cool somewhat before removal . burned fingers have n't been an issue for me . 
hi . nope , not that i 've noticed . i use this a few times a month and no problems so far . 
i put it in there and its been fine ! 
enamel 
do not know about your type of stove . inside and outside appears to be enamel . 
i am sorry but i do n't know if it would . 
i do n't know . i assume it 's steel since it 's fairly solid heavy . i have been using this for several months now and am quite happy with it ! i try not to leave water sitting in the kettle when i 'm done . highly recommended product . i really like the insulated , perfect-fitting ( tight ) lid . 
i use the rake before i vacuum . there are no marks either way . i 've used this type of implement before and find it 's a necessity for lifting animal hair out of the carpet pile . 
it does work to remove the superficial dirt on any kind of carpet . i tried it both ways and it looks fine , however , if you really want to clear off all the hair and are willing to get on your knees , try this 42192 ( http : www.pelstat.com brushes_esd_safe.html ) , something like this can be found at target for under $ 3 . 
fairly stiff . it did a great job and never felt like limp or soft bristles 
yes , it does 
i have a d cup and it does n't hold my bras . the space between each row is not big enough ... 
no , they are sewn in place . 
thanks for posting your question , after searching our catalog , i was unable to find these drawer dividers listed as single items . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this product also viewed '' section for more ideas of available items you may like . i hope you find one that suits your needs ! 
apprx . 6x11 1 2 ; 12x13 1 4 ; 6x13 1 4 ; 13x12 
no not this ones but if you go to storage for cups or china they come with lids these are the ones i love put all kind of things in them like ties so they stay duzt free 
6 cell : 33.5 x 15.5 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x6.10 '' x3.54 '' ) ; 7 cell : 33.5 x 31 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x12.20 '' x3.54 '' ) ; 8 cell : 28 x 14.5 x 10cm ( 11.02 '' x5.70 '' x3.93 '' ) ; 24 cell : 33.5 x 31 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x12.20 '' x3.54 '' ) 
yes . it is big enough 
i do n't know . since they sort of , but not exactly , resemble many of my grocery tote bags , i 'd do what i do with those : hand wash them . but truth be told , these will be in a drawer , in which you tuck clean socks and underwear , so i 'm guessing , washing them will be a spring cleaning thing once a year . meanwhile , i have to say , they make the drawers look great ! i 've never been so organized . 
yes , they are pretty large . 
they would be great as a baby organizer but the smell of chemicals is so strong . i would leave it to air out for a few days and then wash it first . 
red , orange doesnt come to mind when i see it in my room . 
no . too bad it id a gorgeous sofa ! 
it is firm and stiff . very comfortable to recline on -- not so comfortable to sit on . 
no . the nespresso is magnetic this one has splines . 
it does come with the frother . these are just extra . 
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what eipca is . 
i do not know what model number i have but those are the frothers that work with my secura . 
i have n't used the nespresso so can not tell you . 
it did not fit the frother that came with my nespresso maker . and they had me return it for refund . 
are you using the round part ? it has two parts - one for frothing and one for warming . the bigger one , with the round wire ring , is the one for frothing . in my machine it works perfectly well . 
on the back of the bar stool their is a black bracket that holds the backrest to the seat and also has fasteners for the cushion as well . 
minimum : 24 '' maximum : 32 '' 
you pull the lever under the seat 
thanks for posting your question , as of today january 27 , 2014 this item is listed as `` currently unavailable '' which means that it is currently not available for ordering , and it may not be in stock again . i 'd suggest checking our website from time to time to see if this item is available . if anyone is selling it , you 'll see a `` more buying choices '' box on the product detail page . if it 's not available from any sellers , you might see an `` alert me '' link ; `` alert me '' allows you to sign up to be e-mailed when amazon has stock available for purchase . you are also welcome to have a look at the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed '' section on the product detail page where similar products and other possible listings of this item will be displayed . i hope this was helpful 
southeast asia 
hello , i do not have instructions on how to take this chair apart . i do not recommend that you do so as it holds a risk of damaging the item . thank you ! 
30 '' 
yes , it most definitely needs assembly and it takes a good 3 to 4 hours to get the whole thing setup . it might help to have two people at least when lifting the top board and placing it over the assembled parts . the finished product looks great . only the central shelves have holes for media , the side drawers are only for storage . 
it seems very solid . my 70 '' only weighs 97lbs 
yes it is espresso . looks expensive but pain to build , be careful building so wont chip or scratch . 
no , i have a cable box with a light , you ca n't see it through the glass , but the remote works with the glass closed ! hope this helps ! i love it ! it 's sturdy and looks exactly like the picture ! 
i have no problem with controlling my cable box gaming system through the glass . 
yes you can 
no they are not , they are built glued into the draw face . 
yes they do work through the glass 
nope , it has those 1 4 turn fasteners you tightened with a phillips screwdriver . 
it 's 71 long by 19 1 2 high by 17 1 2 wide 
no 
34.7 x 19 x 37.8 inches 
hello , no this product is not lockable on its own . 
yes the full cabinet is finished . 
when open the cabinet is 66 inches wide . 
34.7 '' d x 19 '' d x 37.75 '' h 
no it is not . 
unfortunately we can not add any more pics . i apologize for any inconvenience . 
no , these do not have a lock on them . 
no , it is strictly a humidifier . there 's a cotton wick in it and it would just suck up all the oils . if you 're looking for something that produces mist and is an oil diffuser as well i highly recommend the h2eo ultrasonic diffuser . 
no . it does not have an automatic turn-off feature . ? 
i do n't know if you can use it on an airplane . check with the airlines . you can plug it into your computer . it has the capability to work with a usb port . not much help . sorry . 
how odd . i have had two of these over the years and not had any problems whatsoever ever ... 
it plugs into the cigarette lighter in my car . i am not sure how long it will run when not plugged in . i have n't tried it . i seem to remember it said maybe 3 hours . i could be wrong . 
mine did the same and so did my daughters.return it ! 
maybe radio shack would have one . 
you know , i 'm not sure , but i 'd just make sure that it 's clean and dry before storing . you might want to wash it with a little bleach in the water just to be sure . i have n't had any issues with mine so far . 
do n't buy this . mine broke after 2 months of light use . 
sorry dunno 
i have put mine in dishwasher but usually hand wash. they are made from real jameson bottles 
the ones shown hold 16 ounces , i can make smaller or larger if you prefer a different size ... thanks 
they are 12 oz . 
almost imperceptible . i 've not looked but i do n't think there is even a fan in this unit . i belive it uses inaudible sound waves to create the mist . i have one in the kitchen and am tempted to get another for the bedroom . i belive the unit shuts off after 3 hours and or when it needs to be refilled . 
do n't use a towel or anything underneath the diffuser - there is a fan on the bottom that has to `` breathe '' if you will . also , fill to just below the max line . those were the 2 things that i found fixed that problem . 
i would not use it as a humidifier . it emits a visible mist of the oil water mixture surrounding the device that carries throughout my home ( nice oil smell wise ) but not necessarily the way a humidifier distributes just moist air . an actual humidifier would be better if that 's what your looking for . 
the issue is the timer . you will have a lot of water left after the timer goes off but just push it again , several times until it 's all used up . when it 's done there is about 1 8 inch or so at the bottom . i was n't too happy with this design myself . taught me a lesson about trying to save money by buying a cheaper diffuser . i keep it in the guest bathroom as it does n't put out enough for a room any bigger than a closet . 
yes but the scent will be milder as they are not as concentrated . good for a very small space . in a larger room you may find you want the oils 
no warranty that i know of , but the company was great when we had one of the 10 we own need replacing . 
use any essential , depending on what you are using mister for , ie : lavender oil is great for massages or meditating , orange oil is great for entertaining . oil is dropped into water reservoir . it 's really a great item 
the colors are green blue , yellow , pink , red 
no 
it is not difficult at all . just wipe the reservoir out , and fill with clean water . 
the curtain is 72 '' x 72 '' .. it is for a standard size tub shower . it is too big for a stall shower . 
it is fabric , not plastic . it does not repel water . you would have to use a liner with it . 
just the curtain . 
it 's like gold and copper 
hi they call it bronze color also available in black 
no there is not , and as an advice avoid brown rug it is too dark and doesnt match at all try to et honey or carmel color i did and it looks muchhhhhh better , good luck 
no . all of the pieces i purchased were seperate . a window curtain was not an option anywhere i saw . i bought the shower curtain , towel , soap and toothbrush holder . also curtain hooks . love it . good quality material . 
no . just the shower curtain . 
without being at home to measure it , i 'm going to guess around 6 inches or so . hope that helps ! 
usually there are rubber washers on the side that screws into the shank , but also there are rubber washers to where the hose connects to the sankey taps . just put the rubber washers inside the circle before screwing the fittings onto the sankey keg tap . it is just like the rubber washers that are inside of garden hoses . 
yes 
they can be replaced with the 650ss and any tap handle will fit 
do n't remember specific sizes , but the lines hooked up to my ball lock corny keg setup without changes . 
14 x 5.5 x 5 inches . 
3 16 '' id is typical 
i have a pillow top full size mattress so i always buy 1 size bigger . so depending on if pillow top mattress or not.. 
no 
no 
i have that set and the manufacturer states it will fit an 18 '' mattress and so far i have no complaints about it not fitting any mattresses . so you should be ok. thank you warren 
unfortunately amazon sets the prices according to the popularity of the product ... daves deasl online 
yes 
throw pillows are 18 '' x 18 '' 
arm to arm inside where the seating area is 79.5 '' and the from arm to arm on the outside is 92.5 '' . absolutely love this couch , we have 2 kids and 2 big dogs and this is holding up great ! ! 
not sure what you mean . 
they are sewn on . i love this sofa ! ! ! 
hi there , yes the couch is a dark grey sectional without any yellow prints or patterns as it includes 4 pillows with some yellow print on one side and solid on another i just bought nice covers at ikea for 9.99 each and revamped the pillows but yes the sectional is solid gray ! ; ) 
yes they are included . they are pretty ugly tho ... but i was able to cover them and now they look great ! 
yes , it is reversible . 
it 's one big piece 95 '' long it 's not going to fit most likely sorry 
they basically pulled up and it was on a pallet and all wrapped up in one large parcel and the delivery man did not assist in bringing it inside ... so i opened it up and brought it inside in pieces ( cushions , pillows , main piece and the ottoman piece ) ... also i have a rock driveway and he wouldnt pull into the driveway so i had to help carry the pallets to the house.. but i love the couch ! ! ! 
sheets are the same color as the comforter and yes , there are 4 standard pillow cases ... everything is pink camo . 
i bought the black camo for my son for christmas and i have not washed it yet but he loves it and said it 's very warm and it was a great price ! 
i have a pillow top mattress and it fits it good 
it has a comforter 
i have a pillow top it fits perfectly 
it will cook all grains of rice ( short , medium , long , etc . ) . i do n't know what you are asking as `` sushi rice '' is not a rice variety . i can tell you it cooks the short grain and jasmine rice we mix excellently as that 's the type of rice we eat from the rok . this cooker will cook any rice to the fullest potential of that rice , it 's up to you to find rice that is to your taste . 
3 180ml rice cups of dry rice , producing 6 cups of cooked rice . manual assumes 1 rice cup of rice is for one person . we use 120ml of rice for two of us with 240ml of water to make the rice we eat at dinner time . 
wow . i 've never used the measuring cup . i always kept the same method for long grain rice . using your index finger the water level should be to the first knuckle or the line on your finger . this has worked for over 50 years and even with the cuckoo . you can google milliliter to cup conversion for the exact unit of measurement . hope this helps . 
i have been able to put in 3 cups of uncooked rice . has enough forfamily of 4 with some leftovers 
when i have finished with the rice in the pot , i unplug the cooker and let it cool before removing the inner pot and lid and washing them with soap and water and drying both thoroughly before putting them back into the cooker . i also wash and dry the little container on the outside of the cooker that captures steam . since i always wash the parts of my cooker , i have had no problem with mold . 
mr. choy , unfortunately , i ca n't answer your question . i checked my cooker and can not even find the battery . also checked the internet but received no help there . however , i will contact a friend who lives in korea to see if he knows the answer . according to my manual , the lithium battery should last for three years . not sure how to reach you once i get a response , but i will save the email from amazon and try to post a better response at that time . 
hello sierra ! yes ! the cr-0351f model comes with a preset cooking . if you have any other questions regarding this model let us know ! best regards , -clickhm 
it has both . 
it has both korean and english on the display icons . it is a great rice cooker ! 
very good . it is very good design and confortable . thank you 
pot is non-stick . ceramic , no teflon . inside inner lid looks like stainless , no coating . 
white rice will take less than an hour , but it depends on how long you want to keep it on warm before eating . after it 's cooked , i let it sit for another 10-15 min . 
8 cups of uncooked rice , cup come with the cooker , about 6 ounces , like most other cookers ' cups . i bought the 4 cups and 8 cups , 4 cups for cooking rice , usually we cook 2 cups brown rice or 2 cups white rice with frog legs or chicken , 2 cups rice are good for me and my wife for 2 meals . we used the 8 cups for stew or porridge , we cooked stew before sleep and it cooked and kept warm like a slow cook overnight . 
possibly . the back piece is about 12 '' deep , so a couple of stools would work . but only on that one side . it 's terrific for extra storage , though ! 
my guys use it as a bar , so they dont have a trash can underneath . the towel rack is the depth from front to back . it has worked out well for them ! it helps that it 's in casters , so they can roll it out , lift up the lead for serving during a party , and then fold it down and set it against the wall the rest of the time . 
the 2nd door ( right side door of cart ) it 's set up for 2 shelves . you could put a garbage or recycle can but does not have the roll out feature . 
yes 
42.75l* 31.5w* 35.50h 
i have not had any problems with spray starch . when i use it , i spray the garment and set it aside for a couple of minutes , giving the starch time to soak in . none of it has ever stuck to my iron . i do love this iron ! i have not found a single problem with it . 
you turn it on by plugging it in , if it sits too long just pick it up and tilt it . dial is on the front panel , just turn to desired setting . 
water is what you put in the tank . this is the best iron my wife has used in 65 years . 
in this country 120v rated to 1700 watts . 
china . would be nice for panasonic to make it in usa . i 've been ironing for many , many years and this is the best iron yet . the surface glides across the clothes so smoothly and it does n't continue to steam while in the upright resting position . another fancy brand iron i had steamed continuously . this one is fantastic and gets the job done fast . with the iron shaped the way it is , when i accidentally touch the side of the base it does n't burn because the plastic sides do n't get hot . has a long cord , too . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it heats up really fast too . i love this iron , it was worth every penny . it has never spit water at me ever . 
3 pounds 
yes , i ran out of water once and was too lazy to fill up and ironed a linen table cloth . . .so it gets hot enough w out steam for that . . . 
good question , nothing indicated on the iron & i do n't have the box . the instruction sheet does not say where it 's made , but has reference to panasonic corporation of north america . why do you ask ? 
9 oz . according to my kitchen scale 
the whole pillow . i wash all my pillows unless they have wool or canvas zippered covers . and yes , i have washed it no problem . 
personally , i would suggest using a thick ribbon ( color coordinated to your car 's interior ) threaded through the two loops thereby allowing you to tie and un-tie the neckbone from one seat to another as needed . here 's the clincher : tie it in a bow if you 're a gal , tie it as a necktie if you 're a guy ! 
i do n't . i use it while sitting in a high backed chair ( a recliner ) behind my neck and the bottom of my skull . 
roughly about 10 inches 
you could pull out the headrest on the car seat and then slide the bars through the loops and back into the seat . 
i put mine just below my water pillow in the gap . you can put it on top , just under it at the neck line . it is very nice quality and it is washable . it is a bit firm so i do n't think you want it on top of your pillow . i am going to order a 2 nd one because i have looked for these along time and even though i think they will last along time i do n't want to be without it should i accidently leave it behind on a trip . good luck you will love it . i had a neck fusion with titanium screws placed in 2006 and have had no problems with this pillow . 
as far as i know they have . sorry . 
yes only when weather is hot 
no- this goes under your neck . it give support to your neck while you lay down . 
no , but it fits nicely against the back go your neck . 
there should be no problem using it while sitted on a recliner . i just could n't use it because it 's too bulky for my petite frame . i wanted to return them but i did n't want to deal with the returning issues . dr. antonio 
i do n't have the pillow in front of me but ... about 12 '' long , 7.5 '' high & ~ 2-4 '' wide . i 'm really happy with the pillow . i have arthritis in my neck & the pillow pretty much supports my neck and keeps me in a face up position so i do n't aggravate the arthritis . 
no head rest only for neck ... use my pillow behind it..actually head rest sounds good 
light beige 
same size . i thought this was an awful product . do n't buy it . 
yes but this pillow is so awfully uncomfortable 
this is soft like a pillow . i would n't like it hard like a rock either ! 
about 14 inches ... . 
here are the measurements -- - from larger to smaller . *** handle -- - ******************** -- - blade *** ( top and bottom of handle ) large -- top - 5 1 8 '' -- -- -- -- -- 5 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- - bottom - 4 1 4 '' medium - top - 4 1 2 '' -- -- -- -- 4 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- -- bottom - 3 3 8 '' small -- top - 4 1 2 '' -- -- -- -- -- 3 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- bottom - 3 3 8 '' 
the longest knife is approximately 9.5 '' long . 
yes but not for bones . 
debra , they should work ok. just cut your pie crust into circles to fit . gently press the dough against the sides , to ensure your shape . you could use a cream cheese pie crust and simply press them in place without cutting them into shape . when removed from the units the pies will have a cute scalloped edge , looks like a little flower . enjoy 
the label reads as follows : packaged in the usa , responsibly made in china . 
sure , you can use them for anything that does n't get hotter than 475 degrees . 
i 'd said it 's medium size , pretty good for fruit tarts.. 
this product is not 'a pan ' as such but is 12 individual silicone molds . they are about 1 1 4 '' tall and depending on how you measure due to the scalloped edge , about 2 1 2 '' across . i found them to be a bit smaller than a regular small cupcake or muffin . you would need to set them on a flat baking sheet for convenience in getting all 12 of them in and out of the oven . 
absolutely ! i use mine every week in the oven or microwave . the first time you use them , you need to spray them with a cooking spray . since i use them so often , i do n't spray them with cooking spray anymore . the baked product comes easily out of the silicon cup . this is true whether in oven or microwave . i have even used them for a molded baked custards and individual molded jello desserts . 
they are bendable and pull away easily , it 's a great product they do n't turn white . 
sorry , i do n't know . but ... ... . is there anything that is n't now made in china ? ( smile ) on vacation but will check when i get home in a few days if you like . if it says . 
i bought these molds . i did not buy the squares . they are two inch molds . i bought two sets because i wanted to make brioche rolls . they work very well just follow the instructions that you get with them . 
have no idea what panna even means ... ..however the cupcake molds are wonderful ... i have a set for my baking and a set for my soap making 
hello , thanks for your question . it has a crocodile print faux leather coated surface . i hope this helps ! 
it is an elastic band . i do not really know if it works because i only bought it as a stage prop . 
yes , king size cigarettes . holds 20 
yes it is 
i use it for king size cig 's which are exactly 3 1 4 '' long . fits perfectly . do n't think it 'll work for the 100 's . 
it 's on both sides . 
it is more light green and just a little bit ivory 
the chair color are as pictured- there is green and red in it . best to see it in person 
the one with the green and red is correct 
250 lbs 
they hold up well . i also went to nursing school many years ago , but still have some of my texts , along with the book 's i got when i went to further my education in psychology . i have had the bookcase for about 5 months and there are no signs of stress or sagging . i am well pleased for the price . 
made of cheap press board 
the one we purchased is all set up and the width is exactly 24 and 3 4 '' 
yes harriet the shelves are movable & removable . i really like my bookshelves . 
no - you have to assemble it , but it was pretty easy to do so . 
yes . it 's easy to follow . 
where are you located at please , are you local to me i am in pa. i might make a suggestion that if you buy it you use the service of angies list to get someone dependable to assembe it , or a local church reach out to . i would say to list it on craigslist you will get responses but i dont think thats very safe as well . if your close to me , i can have my company do it . my phone is 610-277-3747 if i can help further . linda 
we are using this unit as a pantry , cans of food , flour `` heavy stuff '' so i fastened it to existing cabinets . i would always secure a tall item like that as to not risk an injury or mishap , they are very rugged and work well for us . hope that helps . 
it 's just under 70 '' of space top to bottom and there are 4 shelves that are adjustable . if you tried to do it evenly you 'd be at about 17 '' or so roughly . keep in mind you lose a bit of that space to the thickness of the shelves . mine have gaps now of 10.5 10.5 12 20 14 which adds up to 67 '' due to losing about 2 '' to the shelf thickness ( 4 x 0.5 '' ) 
i believe the box is about 72 to 74 inches long . 
usa 
16oz 
ceramic 
you are right ! i have one too ! sorry but it 's hard to find anything that is made in the usa ! ! ! 
i googled it - found a website called small appliance.com and looked - they have it for your model . it has a scraper on both edges , not just the one like this one . good luck . 
my mixer has a 6.5 qt bowl and it fits that . this is not meant for the artisan series bowls as they are much smaller . check your bowl size 
i bought this from amazon it said would fit kitchenaid 6 qt professional which is what i have , it was a knockoff and kept falling off . i returned it and bought one from jc penney and it works perfectly , you will love it , just make sure it is kichenaid not the knock off , the description said it was kitchenaid but was not in he kitchenaid pakage . 
you have to make sure it is an actual kitchenaid , i ordered from amazon said it fit my kitchenaid but it was a knockoff and it kept falling off so i ordered from jack penney and it was the real thing and it works great . just a note when i ordered it said it was a kitchenaid but when i received it it was n't although it did look identical . 
yes . purchased one last month and i can recommend this for the 6 qt bowl lift . initial mounting and dismounting required a little extra persuasion but became much easier in subsequent uses . 
yes , that is exactly what i bought it for 
i only have the stainless steel bowl . if you use the regular metal flat beater with the glass bowl this one should work though . 
i do n't have any idea . we returned the flex edge beater after one day . it did not work well enough for us to keep . 
we returned the kitchenaide flex edge beater because it did not work with our mixer . my wife has the larger mixer ( 600 ? ) with the six quart bowl and the beater did not work properly with our bowls . 
i have a 6qt lift bowl mixer and this item did not even come close to fitting even though it was labeled 6qt . also it was so loose fitting on mixing post it almost fell off . returned same day . very disappointed . can not find one to fit . hope this helps . 
yes to both . cold water wash and normal dry . 
not real firm . i think it 's perfect for snuggling . i have ordered 8 pillows in the last month and have 1 left . my granddaughters love them . 
my mother made a pillow cover for this pillow , and it works very well . if you have a sewing machine , you can easily make this item . however , if you do n't or ca n't sew , the cover it comes with is very nice , and with a little use , it will become soft and nice to the touch . the problem comes , however , when it needs to be washed . that is where a pillow case is just the best answer . i think if you searched the internet , you may find a cover there . almost anything is available online if you spend time looking for it . but , the best answer -- if you ca n't purchase one is to make one , or ask a friend who sews to make one for you . 
it is not a flat pillow . actually it is a bit fuller than i expected . that having been said , it is a wonderful pillow . i use it in conjunction w other pillows . not only would it be great for traveling , but it would be great for a child 's primary pillow . 
i think so but have n't tried to use it as one . i got these for my mom as gifts and she uses one as a back cushion and one as a neck pillow in her recliner . it would probably work well as a knee cushion . it is a great size . 
because this is america where capitalism is perfectly legal . 
i 'm not the seller , just a purchaser . i bought the child toddler travel size 14x21 pillowcase 100 % cotton color : white by ab lifestyles http : www.amazon.com gp product b003dgj1ik ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 . it fits perfectly , and is very well made -- high quality materials , very soft ! 
this comforter is very smooth and soft material . no problem napping on it . it is softer then just plain cotton ; no scratchy anywhere . i have had it for several months and it still looks like new and is very soft and i am not easy on it . it is well worth the price . 
im really not sure ... i would say a mix between cotton and maybe polyester ... the fabric is very soft to the touch . i 'm very pleased . 
yes 
i believe the colored areas were polyester and the rest cotton . i sent mine back though . 
i have machine washed mine and it still looks great 
i think its white it looks white to me . i purchased a blue & white one & it was white : ) i hope this helps ... 
i do n't know the dimensions for you , but it is larger than i expected when i bought it , it 's made for a pound of butter , not a stick of butter 
it 's large enough to hold 2 `` east coast '' sticks of butter . i live in the east so i do n't know what you mean but 2 standard sticks ( 1 2 lb ) fit side by side just fine , but i think it is too short for 2 sticks on top of hach other to fit but almost . 
yes , you can put it in the dishwasher , i have and its fine - it seems to be made of really sturdy glass . 
yes 
yep , fits perfectly . but it definitely does n't blend as well . i have to put smaller amount of food in and it is n't as smooth . it 's ok but not the best . i have also noticed it started rusting on the screw ... which caused my last piece to break . this should have happened since i took better care of this one because of my past experience so this makes me pretty unhappy ... 
it fits my black and decker crush master blender model bl12475g . 
i have been asked this several times and the answer is `` yes '' 
i could n't recommend it -- it does a poor job with ice -- and frozen fruit 
hi mari j : you can look that up on google ( & maybe amazon ) . you should be able to find a list of replacement parts if you have both manufacturer name and the model number . i assume you have a black & decker but you do n't specify . when i ordered mine , amazon had a list of comparable models . it works perfectly in mine but it 's a different model than yours . 
the part is an exact replica as the old one . it does bring the plastic part in the bottom that sit with the top rotor part . it fits as play and plug . i replaced one and works fine . 
no , it 's only the metal you see in the photo 
i believe thta it should fit your blender . 
i 'm not sure , the model i have is blc1870dmb 
nope 
we used them as two pans . cake cooks into ball . 
i baked at 350 degrees f , and for about 40 minutes . you can check inside the top holes and see if the cake has risen . stick a toothpick in to see if it comes out clean . be sure you fill the bottoms to the rim , not over or even a little under . 
it makes 20 cake pops total . it 's 1 set ( 2 pieces : 1 top 1 bottom ) that makes each shape . 
i do n't remember how many instructions but some basic baking times at least . i 've had it awhile . but baking times were not quite right for me . you may need to experiment . 
yes u can i also have tried brownines n it worked . ..hope this helps 
i have not had the chance to use mind as yet , but brownies should work easier . start with just one small batch to begin with to make certain , i bet you 're on to something good ! 
they come out shaped like a ball . just lije magic ! 
these pans make 20 medium cake pops which are about 1 1 2 inches in diameter . i hope this helps you . 
the standard size for cake pops is a 1.5 inch diameter . 
yes it appears to be . we added two colorful pillows to ours and it looks great in entryway looks exactly like pic 
no . they are not removable . 
espresso . fyi , assembly was a whiz ( says my husband who is easily frustrated with any type of assembly , but this was a breeze for him ) . that was the deciding factor for purchasing this item ; based on the reviews . 
the answer is in the specification section 18d x 48w x 29.5h inches 
5 '' from the floor to the bottom rail that holds the baskets , 17 '' to the seat and 25 '' to the arm rail . 
13.5 inches wide , 8 in high , 16.5 inches deep 
plenty . i 'm 9 mo preggo ( 150 ) and my husband is 180.. we were both sitting on it putting on our shoes . 
no 
i bought this as a christmas gift and have not used it yet , however , the width of the tray on top is not super wide so i would think , and hope , that it will fit even smaller sized recliner arms . 
we do not have the item available in black . 
i havent noticed if the table is removable . i have 1 armchair caddy and have ordred 2 more as i love this item it is so useful , holds my drinks and my snacks while i watch television , surf the internt , etc ... . i recommend this item . 
yes ! ... the plate is acutally 6 '' wide so your sides should hang down nicely . i might also add : go out to one of the big box home improvement stores and obtain a piece of material designed to hold carpet throw rugs in place on the floor ... ..works great on the bottom of the caddie to hold it in place and will not damage anything ... ..tootles ... 
my chair has wide arms and the pocket hangs down about 8 inches toward the seat . 
need to be screwed 2 on top 2 on the middle and 2 on the bottom 
yes 
this is currently the only item like this that we have listed on amazon . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
it is 18 '' wide , 60 '' long ( that includes where the hooks hang on the door ) , and the baskets project 6 '' from the door . they are wonderful ! ! i have them hanging from nearly every door in our house . they are untapped storage ! 
the whole thing is 19 inches wide and about 5 1 2 deep ... the sheves themselves are about 16 inches wide - the difference in width is the frame that keeps the shelves together 
yes , there are two and they are each 26 '' long . they come with the ability to nail or screw them to the door ( otherwise it swings out every time you open or close the door ) but they do not provide the nails screws . 
holds items up to 11 '' high on each enclosed 16 '' wide shelf . shelves are 4 1 2 '' deep . 
no it does not . i purchased it at walgreen 's i believe . 
once you fill it with butane , let the butane settle for a few minutes . then very gently shake the torch a little bit from side to side , and you will see the fuel moving around in there . it is sometimes hard to see , so look for it in a well-lit room . the top of the fuel should not exceed the max line on the torch . 
i use it to toast meringue or marshmallow topping on pies and cupcakes . 
definitely . any butane canister should work properly 
this happens when it is over-filled . be cautious when filling and only fill it to the indicated level , and it will return to normal . happened to me too . 
flip the tab under the button down , then push and hold the button for fire . release to stop fire . not sure if you can get the butane at the drug store but the cans are usually have a variety of fill tips to choose from . 
there is indeed a safety switch , below the button , that needs to be pushed down in order for it to light . in my experience with it , the safety switch has never posed a problem and it is easy to switch down with one finger . so yes it does have a safety switch , but no it 's never been a nuisance for me . 
no match necessary . you fill it with fluid then press the red button on the back to ignite it . there is a slide on the side to adjust the flames too 
cant really give an exact to temp but it 's perfect for creme brulee 's . i 've done a number of batches since buying this and never a problem . 
comes empty . have to buy your own . also , it 's pretty cheap . mine broke after just 5 days . 
register deflector wo n't fit . a golf ball fits under there and my 4 year old 's shoes , but not anything much larger . 
the dimensions of the seat are about 42 in x 15 1 4 in . 
i 'm not sure how much of it is `` solid '' wood , but it seems very well made . i recently had a friend who weighs very close to 400lbs sit on it last week and it held up just fine . not to mention it looks of quality wood . to answer your question specifically , i 'm not sure . 
yes there are two compartments each l-22 '' xw-13 '' xh-10.5 '' . a 1 2 '' divider separates the two halves . 
is dark brown espresso . 
mine is dark brown and looks good ! 
it 's 1 4 '' mdf . i will say that our bottom fell out & my hubby had to put a new bottom in it . since we own a commercial cabinet business , it was n't a big deal . however , i know that may be a pain for many . that being said , i still do n't regret the purchase because the overall look of the bench was exactly what i wanted . we ca n't build it for so little , although it would have been better quality . : ) 
get on the companies web site . they were good about sending a replacement part to me . i 'm sure they will reply . 
no i would n't do that . the middle pieceis screwed in and is part of the support . i do n't think it would be safe to sit on otherwise . 
mdf board . there is an additional leg in the middle for more support of weight . it feels solid but not sure on the weight limits . 
stainless steel . i 've used mine many times , and see no evidence of rust corrosion . the stainless is probably 200 grade , though this is a guess . the 200 series of stainless steel use some manganese instead of nickel and are not strongly resistant to corrosion but quite adequate for food containers pots . it is magnetic but many grades of stainless steel are . i 'm very happy with mine . sorry , great grandma , it appears to be ss to me . i prefer not to use chromium plated stuff as the chrome can crack off . there are less chrome plated steel these days because of the recent development where the chinese discovered a way to utilize nickel laterite iron ore. this is iron ore that contains about 7-10 % nickel which formerly was impossible to use . the chinese have discovered how to use it so ss has become cheaper and more utilized . chrome plated racks usually show rust at the edges , my rack shows zero rust and lacks the brightness of chrome also . it could be that some are stainless and some are chrome plated ? 
yes , just like any frying pan . 
i would think so , my pots are stainless . i have used this many times in the oven , lined with foil and it stil looks new 
yes . easily . 
absolutely not . i searched to find a pan that had a stainless steel rack , but i could not find one . eventually the rack will deteriorate , but kitchen stores sell a replacement ( also not stainless ) . 
handles do fold down and it 's very convenient for storage . 
no 
made in china 
roughly 15 1 2 '' by 10 1 2 '' . 
yes , i used it for a thanksgiving turkey on the bar b que . although it did warp a little and i would reccomend lining it with foil , for easy cleaning . 
yes , microwave safe . no , handle not hot . i like my color mugs a lot . 
it 's dark purple . 
they are probably 13 oz . -- 12 oz . of coffee fits perfectly . 
on the bottom of the cup it it states they were made in china . 
ceramic , i think . 
china 
they are 4 3 4 '' tall . 
i 'm not an expert , but i 'm sure they 're ceramic . 
27.5 x 64 x 36 inches . 49.6 lbs and its amazing ! ! ! 
the horizontal part ( not including the back ) is 50 inches . although i knew the size before purchasing it , i did not visualize how long it would be . it is probably bigger than i should need or have , but , believe me , when you see this , you will throw out another piece of furniture if necessary , just to keep this unique piece ! it is awesome ! 
beautiful soft velvet ... .makes me feel like a goddess ... 
delivered in 1 box , already put together . very nice quality ; looks more expensive than it actually was . i 'm more than happy with the purchase . 
hi cassie ! i actually purchased this chaise for a friend . it is indeed leopard print . no idea why they call it black in the description . it is awesome ! my friend flipped out over it . decent quality as well ! i definitely recommend . -amy 
yes its a leopard print fabric ( velvet ) 
25-w , 75 1 4 h , 13 1 4 d 
13.5 '' 
4 glass shelves that are adjustable . i wanted more so i went to a glass shop and had them make another . 
it does not . 
no 
the shelves are . 
yes - the top has a small spot . 
no 
you have to put together the sides and top and bottom and install the door . took me maybe 2 hours by myself . 
yes it does 
it is open front and back . no doors . 
i do not know exactly i think that is a relatively close approximation of that measurement but i ca n't say for sure i have never measured it 
i use this cabinet as a retail unit in my store front . there will be a small piece of glass running down te center back of unit if it is not placed on a wall . i have the back of the unit facing the inside of my store and the back glass is not bothersome to me or my customers . 
with my eyes and my tape measure it is w 35.5 d 11.75 h 58.5. assembly goes much faster with two people . 
i have the black version and that is what i am storing on it . very sturdy . my only complaint is that i 've had it for a month and there 's still some smell on it from the packing foam . 
hello jon . this cabinet require assembly which takes about 30min . its really very nice looking modern cabinet for attractive price . regards , pavel 
12 '' 
you can certainly assemble it without the back glass , however it will not be as sturdy in the left-right direction . if someone pushes it hard to the left or right the glass on the ends could snap so i would not recommend doing this . 
sorry-no 
no glass front open shelves 
no , there are three seats , two recline on the ends , middle just a seat . 
it slides away from the wall . mine sets 4 inches away from the wall when up and clears when reclining . 
it goes back all the way like any other . it is really good , soft and solid unlike the set i got from rooms to go . if you get hot easy , then you might wan na think a little more about it cus the fabric is warm , i like it but you should be warned . hope this helps : ) 
comes assembled 
we have 3 dogs and have no trouble with it having dog hair all over it or anything like that 
we had to assemble the sofa when it arrived so i would assume the backs will be just as easy to remove as they were to put on . 
i do n't believe so , no . but i could be wrong . 
it comes in a big box . it will fit in a regularly size door way . the driver will bring it right to your door with no problems . 
we do white glove delivery in the washington dc metro area only 
i never received the product . it got lost in shipment and instead of shipping another they just reimbursed me the money . sorry . 
assembled it is 40 '' wide and 69 '' in length and the hight at the seat is17 '' and back hight is 40 '' 
a little bit of both more golden 25 % taupe 75 % golden 
very firm seat . at the lowest in the back where your butt sits , it 's about 12 '' -14 '' . at the highest curve part , it 's around 18 '' , maybe a little more . easy sitting down , easy standing up . in my opinion , it 's quite comfortable . my two nephews , who are aged 10 & 12 years , can both sit on it at the same time comfortably . 
no . you must attached the back to the bottom , and screw in the feet . it 's real easy and simple . plus , if you need to move it somewhere else , the back and feet can be removed . 
2 pieces . 
product dimensions : 61 x 38.5 x 39.5 inches ; 83.6 pounds 
22 '' 
yes it has a light 
appears to be a rich cherry . very pretty . as advertised . 
dark brown 
the glass is the same thickness as the glass in my china cabinet , which is pretty full . i would consider putting the heaviest pieces or stacks on the wood shelf on the bottom , and perhaps spread the others out on the five glass shelves , maybe you want to mix them with tea pots or mugs ? 
yes it does . 
yes , and it is really good brand 
no it does not . it is fine furniture . 
the cabinet itself is fully assembled ; the glass shelves are packed separately and just need to be put on the supports . we love this cabinet ! 
not sure what type of wood , but it is solid , sturdy , and very nice looking . we love the dark finish . 
there is one panel per order . 
they are rod pocket but they slide easy on regular size rods . you only get one panel , so order 2 if you are wanting more than one . they are absolutely beautiful and very good quality . the pics do n't do them justice . 
i 'm not exactly sure my window is a little over 30 so i found a rod that you can adjust to over 40 and it 's pretty good if it bunches in the middle or on the sides a bit i do n't mind because the other curtains hide it . my advice is measure your window where you would put the rod and take it from there . 
one pannel 
there is a little white silicon button along the side on top . pull back on it with your finger tip and it lets air into the container so you can open the lid . 
pull up on the gray knob in the middle ( where you placed the pump ) 
the plastic is brittle , the seal will shrink in the freezer ; i would expect cracking but have not had that happen . the plastic used says `` & gt ; pctg & lt ; '' so i assume it is not recyclable . ps , be careful , if you over pressurize it they explode . 
no , they have their own pump and the food saver hose will not fit the round recess in these lids . 
hey amazon~ where 's the answer ? why even push the product without the facts ? 
they are made in china using 100 % bamboo . 
the average length is about 12 inches , and the average width in 1 4 inch . i have two sets of them standing up in a canister along with a set of stainless steel ones . i do n't think the are too bulky . hope this helps . 
no , there is no coating . 
i did n't notice any of those 
there was a light colored finish on the utensils but after a trip or two through the dishwasher it was gone . use light oil to replenish moisture after putting in dishwasher . as with any wooden utensil , dishwasher usage is not preferred over hand washing because the bamboo can retain odors and the high temp dry cycle can shorten the woods lifespan . we use ours all the time and with a little care expect them to last for years . 
i gave them as a gift to my sister and unfortunately do n't recall where they were manufactured . i do know my sister and her husband love to cook with them . 
the sheets have the wwe logo 
yes & yes : ) my son absolutely loves them and i have washed the sheets 3 times already and the colors are still as bright as when i received them . hope this hleps 
10x8x4 '' 
no it does n't . 
no , i had to buy that separately . 
i would guess not much more than 5 pounds 
yes . very cute bed set . fabric is a bit stiff at first but softens after a few washes . 
yes . the design is the same as the picture . the sheet are microfiber and they feel really nice . 
just comforter , i bought the sheets separately . ..but they both last , look , n feel amazing 
the utensil set and holder are made in china . the product is surprisingly sturdy and i use them daily . that is a fair amount of abuse but they seem to hold up well . just a precaution ... .do not wash the holder , wipe it clean . nice set of utensils at a decent price . 
thank you for your questions . bamboo utensil are slightly coated with food safe varnish and has been tested to meet fda requirement . hope this answers your question on our product . 
the bamboo container ( box ) is 4 '' x 4 '' ( width of each side ) x 6 '' high . the utensils are each about 12 '' high . they fit very well in the container along with some extra items that i added for convenient storage . it is a very nice set , especially at such an affordable cost . 
we clean our bamboo utensils by hand-washing only along with other delicate dishes . we did use sandpaper to smooth out a small splinter on one of the handles without issue . i 'm not sure about the mold but if it were me , i 'd go ahead and try the sandpaper before throwing them away or maybe soaking them in some mold remover ( or both ) ; you 've got nothing to lose , right ? 
it 's a synthetic 
no . 
yes . i used the round spatula in my stir fry vegetable while the skillet is hot . 
i have not put in dishwasher . i have always been told to never put bamboo in dishwater , hand wash only . 
i have no clue . it looks like it was carved out of bamboo without adhesive which is traditional old fashioned chinese method . in modern china they use a lot of chemicals in production , but i believe bamboo utensils would still be done under old technology , otherwise nobody would buy . just my 2 cents . 
thank you for your question , they are made in china 
yes it is just like the others . the scarf is printed on the material and gives the illusion of being a separate piece . 
the house crest is about the size of an adult hand and the tassels are a notable detail . 
hello . yes , it did . 
compressed in a roll and very easy to unpack 
it 's pretty firm without being rock solid . 
china 
not sure . i was very hesitant to buy this but am so glad i did . i saved thousands from what i was willing to spend . i was a little firm at first but now is perfect . 
we just use a bed frame but the frame has to have multiple slats across the center to hold it so it ca n't just be a standard bed frame . so ultimately to answer your question no box spring necessary if you have a bed frame with cross member support . 
i have n't read that anywhere , but i have n't had any issues after almost 6 months of use . my mattress is still firm ( comfortable ) after all that time , including laying in bed while working on a laptop for long periods of time as well . 
you do , but i would not recommend this mattress at all ! unless you like sleeping on cement . 
i ca n't really help you on this . i filed our warranty and receipts away already . if it helps , we are really pleased with our purchase . it smells for the first few days and is pretty firm for a week or so . its not so now and my husband 's neck and back do n't bother him at night anymore . even my kids love the new bed . i 'm sorry if i was n't much help . 
it is high density . you do not sink in . we sold our because it was to firm . 
on sales 
there were no restrictions but it is very important to buy a protective cover for the mattress to prevent stains 
it took me about two weeks to get use to this mattress . now , i love it . it is warm and yes very comfy ! 
it 'll go away mine took a while too 
i was told by a sleepy 's sales rep that you can use an adjustable base with this mattress . 
yes you would need a foundation of some sort . i personally purchased an adjustable base and it works great . i demoed a few other high end mattresses before this , and i can say this is great . 
a queen size sheet fits this mattress 
the list of features clear state 20 year warranty . 
i do n't know what your adjustable base looks like . this is a fairly heavy and substantial mattress intended to be well supported from underneath . i have mine on a slatted base so it 's stable ... and it 's excellent . 
hi , the bed is very flexible without a box spring . as soon as i sit on the edge of it , it sinks with my weight . i just tried to prop and bend the top , and was not succesful . it is just so thick 
yes- though note that this mattress requires a platform bed frame , or a box spring . 
yes , and quite useful in a variety of ways . they are very sturdy , clean looking and actually fit over permanent coasters . 
4 inch diameter . 
4 '' across . 
4 '' diameter x 1 16 '' thick white compressed paper 
i purchased the square coasters and just measured them and they measure true to 4 '' x 4 '' square . i hope this helps . 
yes , i mod podged my images onto them . you could also spray with acrylic sealer . either of those would affect the absorbency though . would keep the wet off your furniture , but you might have moisture on the coaster . mi used for non coaster art projects . 
i 'd say paint will be fine . i 've used mod podge on them frequently . but they are basically thick chipboard , so not sure about baking . you get 50 of them , so you could do an experiment . 
no , sorry . they are thick and as rigid as a restaurant coaster . curious what creative idea you had in mind ? 
they are heavier than card stock but not as heavy as cardboard . they are the thick paper type coasters you would get in a bar or eatery . it is compressed paper . i hope this is making some sense to you , it 's hard to describe . lol 
i got them for zentangle , but i found them too rough to draw on . i coated them with white gesso , since they were not white , and it help some . it depends on what you are use to drawing on . i use copics , and want a smooth surface . they are tough on the pen tips and will wear down micron pen before it is empty . 
most of the reviews describe the texture . it 's very porous and a little rough and textured . most zentanglers gave tips for pens to use or how to seal or pre treat them . 
hi ... i think i can help out here , at least as far as defining `` sublimation '' . ( whether these will work with this process or not , i ca n't say , since i just happened to run across the info while looking for something else . this is n't my type of artwork , though , so besides the definition , i 'm as clueless as everyone else ! ) so ... sublimation : sublimation is a way to create bright , permanent , professional looking image transfers using your own artwork or photography . no plastic feel , no fading when washed . no other image transfer technology to date can claim this except for printing directly on to fabrics with fabric dyes . the science behind sublimation is simple : when heated to high temperatures , sublimation ink turns into a gas , allowing it to enter into the open pores of the polyester-coated item . once removed from the heat , the pores of the item cool and close up , trapping the ink inside of the item . the sublimated image will be soft and smooth to the touch and is a permanent application . no bleeding or fading when you wash it ! sublimation works specifically with polymer-coated substrates or light-colored , 100 % polyester garments . you also have to use a printer that can be loaded with the special sublimation inks , and the special sublimation paper . a good heat press does the transfer . irons and steam presses do not get hot enough or apply enough pressure . ( this information is directly from dharma trading company , http : www.dharmatrading.com ) i hope it helps ! rory 
4x4 '' with rounded corners 
the coasters are fairly thick . i only had watercolor colored pencils at hand so i colored on the coaster and used a paintbrush and water to wash out the color . the surface dried fairly quickly and the color smoothed out . i wish i had some watercolors to try for a better answer but it is probably worth a gamble . 
i 'm sure you can , it 'll be fairly light weight without a duvet inside and should keep the bed looking neat while staying cool . 
definately not yellow tint . just look at an eggshell and that would be pretty close . 
no , but i have n't had an issue with any shifting . 
no it will not . i looked up the measurements online before ordering because i had the same question myself . this duvet cover is for standard size king only . hope that helps ! 
pretty well designed buttons . have n't had any issues thus far . 
no . but , surprisingly it stays in place quite well ! ! 
it 's on a guest bed & has been washed only twice . no problems . it does n't feel like material that would pill . the thread count translates to smoothness . it 's sophisticated looking & feels wonderful . i wash it on a delicate cycle and dry until just most wrinkles have come out easily . 
yes it is a button closure . nice material , washes well and not wrinkly . it is more bluish than grayish . 
100 % cotton , it has no liner , and it very soft and comfortable . 
it is a duvet so , yes , you would need the fill . 
i bought a second one of these duvets in beige because it 's so soft - yet sturdy . they both fit my 96x96 inch quilt perfectly . 
ours was grey like the picture not blue-grey . 
in my opinion , no , it is not too dark for a darker room color . ( add accent pillows for splash of bright colors ? ) 
i would use white sheets ... .. 
i am not sure on exact measurements , but i have a queen and it fits perfectly 
it 's not see through . a color comforter would work . 
in my experience , the first time you try to open them they are tight because new . then it gets easier . pull hard from the handle where it connects to the body of the purse . 
hello , currently , we have only one set of colors as shown in images , while there are many other handbag shapes hooks in our store in the colors you mentioned . link here : 
yes . 
hello , this is a combo of 4 different color kilofly purse hook , and you can not choose specific color for the combo . thank you . 
hold down the time & power buttons for 3 seconds to reset . 
i run mine 24 7. i just turn it off to clean it , then turn it back on again . 
the filter is made of a white fiberglass product . the outer part is a corrugated white , stiff product and the inner part looks like a spun fiberglass . it looks a lot like the round , cylindrical swimming pool filters if you 're familiar with those . it 's easy to remove and clean . 
yes . does not matter where the smoke comes from , will clean any any smells that get sucked into the machine . 
on the high setting it seems very efficient . has what feels like a high cfm output . should be able to move plenty of air considering good placement and a clean filter . 
unknown . because the uv is a feature that you can turn off or on , you do n't have to use it . the unit itself does a very good job without the uv . you could try calling the manufacturer-their website does n't mention the type of uv light , but customer service might . 
manual says the uv bulb should be replaced every year . filer should be cleaned regularly . a `` clean filter '' indicater comes on when the filter should be cleaned . a quick vacuum is all it needs . 
its the uv 
this unit tpp540 do not produce any ozone . 
no , u vaccuum it when the warning light comes on 
i have both of these humidifiers . they are essentially the same except for a slightly different design . i like the u-31001 better because it 's easier to fill . in order to fill them , you have to take the tank off of the unit and turn the tank upside down . with the u-31002 , it does n't lie flat when you do this , so you have to hold balance the tank with one hand while you fill it with the other . with the u-31001 , you just set the tank down because it lies flat to fill it - so it 's easier to fill . the u-31001 also has a more adjustable nozzle , so you have more control over where to aim the mist . other than that , they are pretty identical in form and function . 
on this model , the piece on the top does not rotate ; that piece kind of snaps into place so it only fits one way . there is another very similar model where the piece on top rotates freely : optimus u-31001 1.5-gallon cool mist ultrasonic humidifier i have both models . these models are very similar . they differ mainly in the fact that 1 ) on this other model ( optimus u-31001 1.5-gallon cool mist ultrasonic humidifier ) the piece on the top that directs the mist rotates freely , and 2 ) this model is also easier to fill because when that piece is taken off , the tank lies flat which makes it easier to fill . on the u-31002 model , the top does not lie flat so you have to hold it up balance it with one hand as you fill the tank . 
for the best results , i have only used distilled water . do n't get any mineral deposits , etc . 
there is no filter that needs replacing . the optimus comes with a `` permanent '' filter . they 're like little marble balls in a cone with slots in it . it just needs to be rinsed when you clean the unit . 
last winter , i used it in the open area dining kitchen living room , of my modest size home ( approximately 812 sq . ft. ) . set on 1 2 to 3 4 speed , it kept this area quite comfortable , during the day . i moved it late evening , to keep my bedroom comfortable during the night , set at a lower speed . since the fan speed is adjustable , i believe , you could set it comfortably , for a pretty large room . 
it holds 1.11 gallons , the misunderstanding is the output , which means the volume of water that is put out by the unit , the lesser an output , means the longer it will be to saturate a room . 
cleaning is very easy . if you rinse the filter basket under the faucet , each time you refill , it will last a very long time . every few refills , thoroughly rinse the container and wipe down the base ( i do this almost every refill ) . occasionally , rinse and wipe down with a mild bleach solution , to avoid or eliminate mildew , and then thoroughly rinse . be careful not to get water inside the base . 
no 
have no idea . my plug is for the us 110 plug . you may want to question the manufacturer . 
system has auto off when water level is low . best way is to refill before each usage . tank is large and should last all night . 
yes . it has a one year warranty . in fact , the one i bought did stop working and they replaced it since it was only a few months old . i did have to pay for the shipping , however , which i was not too happy about . 
i have put oils in mine for about one year now , and have not had any problems . this unit has been working great . hope this helps you . gary 
when you turn it on , there is a little green light that is on , but it is dim . it does have a nightlight on it as well . it is n't too bright , but it is blue and gives off enough light to be an efficient nightlight . you do have the ability to turn it on or off . 
the instructions say bleach , but i prefer vinegar . i contacted the company about this and they said 8 ozs . of white vinegar , which is what i use , is as good , if not better , than the bleach the instructions suggest . i also do n't like the smell of bleach , which is another reason i prefer vinegar . 
according to the user manual , it will . but , i 'm not going to test that feature . i think that is what killed my previous humidifier [ rosewill brand ] . 
it will turn on automatically - i used an outlet-based remote to turn it on and off and it worked great . 
it has two filters : silver ion and a ceramic sphere filter ( it 's the rounded protrusion you see sticking up in the tank in the photo ) . the silver ion just needs to be wiped clean occasionally and the ceramic one will get cleaned when you do seasonal maintenance . neither need to be replaced and are very low maintenance to keep clean . 
hello , i use it in a bedroom . i keep it on low , so i imagine it could handle a fairly large open space . i live close to palm springs , so it is very dry here . it is a high quality product , clean , especially quiet , and the light is very dim and does n't bother you at night . i use distilled water , so have n't found any build up or necessity to clean , although weekly cleaning is suggested . you can probably check with optimus to find room size that is appropriate for the design . i just read the owner 's guide , and there is no mention of intended area size for this optimus . 
here 's the contact information for their customer service department : phone : 1-888-672-5832 email : service.optimus @ gmal.com note : i copied the email address exactly as printed in the manual . i suspect that there 's a typo and it 's really `` gmail '' instead of `` gmal . '' and here 's their mailing address : optimus enterprise , inc. customer service department 2201 e. winston road , unit # j anaheim , ca 92806 it 's not a particularly good users ' manual -- definitely leaves some unanswered questions , completely ignores some features , and makes references to at least one item that 's irrelevant to this model . but it 's definitely better than nothing . good luck ! 
i have mine sitting on top of a tall dresser . 
i find them quiet 
the air flows through the front plate that the fans are attached to . in the picture they would be flowing out the top . 
these are great cabinet fans to remove heat from electronics , but to remove heat from a whole room i do n't believe these will do the job . 
i am sure they can but why would you need to ? a 
i do n't have an rpm for you . i can tell you that i did afereffects heavy-rendering on my macbookpro , and these fans keep my computer running nice and cool even during the summer . now , keep in mind that i would n't recommend this as a portable solution . these fans were design to cool down stationary equipment , not for a student walking with his laptop all over the place : ) hope this helps ! 
i wanted to have this push air out of the enclosure , so i simply unscrewed the fans and flipped them over then simply screwed the fans back . it is very simple and works . i use it and i havent had a problem . it actually pulls alot of air through the enclosure that i have my cpu tower in . keeps it cooler . 
no 
the airflow is weak relative to its size , may not work for you depends on the size of your refrig . 
i 'm not sure but i doubt it . i no longer have it so i ca n't check specifications . 
to be able to answer your question it 's better if you can provide a few extra details like : what type of equipment do you have inside the cabinet , how far is the back of the cabinet from the wall ? 
super quiet . you can hardly hear it running . durable , easy to mount . 
it works far better blowing the hot air out of the cabinet . unless you can tie it directly to an ac vent , blowing air in simply wo n't be cold enough to make a meaningful difference . 
this is a cabinet fan , i installed 1 to bring in cool air and 1 to get the heat out , on a cabinet for a wine cellar compressor . they 're doing fine job . it 's quiet and should do the job for your desktop , install 1 only ( it 's big ) at the source of the heat to bring it out . 
hello , the fans come with templates so you 'll have no problem cutting them to the correct size . 
technically you ca n't replace the fan . the fan is hardwired with the usb plug . that being said if you are good with rewiring the plug you could use a different fan . 
you just need to take the fan off of the frame , turn it over and re-mount to the frame . no need to reverse polarity . 
buy the thermostat . it works well and is n't that expensive . otherwise it just functions as on off 
hi offey , thank you for asking . the fan currently blows away from the metal frame but you can switch it 's airflow direction using a screwdriver . so yes ! you can them in a push pull configuration . from jeremy , ac infinity inc . 
my amp has power outlets on the back , so i plugged the fan power to it . so every time i turn my amp on and off , the fan also turns on and off 
let a line voltage tstat contro an outlet that the power supply is plugged into 
not on this set there is n't ! 
yes 
yes , seems fine . i usually wash a few pieces especially the steak and pearing knives with no issues . 
i 'm not sure if they are forged but do n't waste your money . i ordered the set , opened up the box , put all knives awa in caddy . i then started to reister the product and found out that the knives are made in china . i bought them because i thought they were german made and they are not . i bought a real henckels in macy 's you may want to puchase them there . 
12 
this set is made in china 
i gave this as a gift , i have no idea , sorry . 
well , that 's a good question . since my husband tossed all packaging right into the recycle bin , including any paperwork that may have been in the box , i did n't even think about that . really , if i 'd had the packaging , i would have made an effort to return the set , or go to henckels and see about a warranty . since we did n't think ahead , we 're just stuck with them . knives are getting worse , btw . more rust , and edges are quite dull - we are back to using our 20 year old chicago cutlery set . 
hi , yes , if i do not use a spoon in the center spice holder ... i just use the center holder for dried chilies or cinnamon sticks ... something that does not require a spoon . the lid will not close with a spoon in the center . also , i angle all the spoons to one side and make sure they are inserted all the way into the cup . hope this helps . 
i have been using this for 6 months , no rust or corrosion . very useful . holds about a cup of spice powder . i have : salt , paprika , turmeric , cumin , garam masala and sesame seeds . 
if it falls on the floor . if you turn it up side down then yeah it will probably will happen . but i have not done that . 
we gave it as a gift and they seem to really like it so i asked ... reply was ; `` it seems to be glass . beware : the top is heavy and falls off easily . so , if you are getting one you may want to look for a complete stainless steel top . '' they said as long as you are aware of this it is fine . hope this helps . 
yes they do . the bigger lid , if properly closed ensures freshness . as a practice , we use this box to store `` spice powders '' and not whole spices . 
frankly , have not tried to measure against the advertised dimensions ( 10x5x10 inches ) but the individual dabbas are tall and sufficient for a family use . 
no , it 's part of the lid . it does n't need to be washed though , just wipe it with a damp cloth if you need to . 
measured 8 1 4 '' 
approximately 1 teaspoon . hope that helps ! 
yeah we grease it with a drop of oil.. it 's definitely is not non-stick.. but the cooker is good ... 
an idli is a steamed dumpling made of rice and urad dal ( a variety of split lentil ) .it is very popular in southern india and is traditionally served with sambar ( a lentil soup dish ) . 
yes , it is compatible for use on induction cooktop 
no need to hold it will.make some.noise but will not have any issues 
the spaces are too small for burgers unless you like small slider size ones . 
there is a rod in the center of the lowest idli plate . the other plates slide on it for cooking and are removed by sliding the plates up and off the rod . 
hi , we never face this issue . it works for me perfectly . thanks 
yes , i am facing this problem too . i guess it is their defect . hence i stopped using it . i would not recommend buying this product . 
we did not experience that issue with our cooker . however , we threw ours out after the handle broke off while transferring the cooker from the cooktop to the work surface . we think it is poorly made so not surprised to hear of your problem with it . 
between 8 '' to 10 '' 
based on the dimensions listed , the canisters are 35 oz , 46 oz , 65 oz , 73 oz , 110 oz . a 5lb bag of flour is 80oz . 
the lids are close fitting . but they do not contain a gasket ( or other similar element ) that would technically make them `` airtight . '' i have two sets and have successfully used them to store flour , sugar , rice , barley , split peas , dried beans , unpopped popcorn , and even dog treats . 
actually the rim is thin and sharp . although i have never drank from it i imagine it would not be too pleasant. , 
plastic but seem to be very strong 
i have very brittle fingernails so they 're no help to me . the set i have has very snug fitting lids but they seem to be truly round and smooth which allows me to grasp a lid and rotate it as i pull up on the lid , ergo , no problem with my set . 
mine are shiny 
no they 're not . but they 're very nice 
yes sugars stay soft . 
yes - the cans are delivered with the smallest in the next one , that in the next - and so on - all of the lids are nested . 
at least the bottoms are , they are stainless steel . i do n't know about the tops . they are stainless and glass . i do n't know if the adhesive would withstand 212+ degree water . i wash them by hand 
the only bottle i 've gotten to work were the bottles that already had that type of top . 
plastic 
they would not work because the top of the bottle would need to be notched , the name specialized caps for wine bottles that allow you to pump out the air 
plastic . 
it does come with two washers . 
no , it does not turn . like other commenters have said though , it also does not leak . i 'd recommend getting this and just making sure you have a block to put under it when you store it . like a small empty box . when you sanitize it , place the spout over the drain . when you use it , keep the spout hanging over the counter . simple solutions really . 
one inch hole . 
yes it should.i have a mr beerand it looks the same . i ordered the spigot for a 5 gallon plastic bucket that i now brew 4 gallons of the mr beer in . it called for drilling a 1 inch hole to mount the spigot , hope this helps ! 
the spigot is tapered so you can use various sizes . i use a 3 8 and 5 8 without any issues . 
17.5 inches 
10 mil 
the top of the bucket is 12 '' diameter and the bottom is a 10 '' diameter . 
it should . i marked mine all the way around anyway it just makes it easier . 
yes , but only to the same temperature as the dish 
it is not bone china . it is , however , oven-proof 
yes 
unfortunately i did not receive this item from amazon from america , so can not comment on this item . however , i have just looked up the instructions for the one i bought from amazon uk , and it says , the glass lid cover must not be placed under the grill . do not use the pyrex cover under a griller or in a toaster oven . so it seems to me you can , but leave it up to you . states , oven and griller use -- - corningware cookware is ideal for all types- conventional , convention and toaster ovens . this is printed on my leaflet , so i hope that helps you ! 
yes 
10 1 4 x 7 3 4 x 3 '' deep , by volume it holds the same amount as my 9x13 2 1 2 qt pyrex casserole dish . ours works great and we use it often . 
i do no know , however , being corningware and the outstanding company that they are , my guess would be that it does not contain lead . 
the circumference is 8-1 4 '' ; if you mean the interior itself , it 's 7-1 4 '' of 'usuable ' space . hope this helps . 
the bottom is 4 inches and the top is a little under 4 1 2 inches . these are inside measurements . depth is a little less than 1 inch . hope this helps . paula 
8 
the rim is flared , but there are no handles or lids . 
the inside is 4 3 8 inches across and 1 inch deep . 
hi gave as a gift so i do n't recall the exact size . i think about 4-5 inches in diameter . they are very shallow though . good for making a pie , but not deep enough for chicken pot pie which is what i was buying them for . hope this is a little helpful . 
i purchased two sizes of these and they were broken , the packaging was horrible , i have never gotten a package from amazon that was done so poorly , the box was nearly too small , they were both just forced into the box with small bubble wrap around them , the handles were broken off . they were returned and i purchased some other casseroles which were packaged fine . i did contact them about the packaging , but it does n't sound like it has improved , as i purchased mine for christmas gifts . 
the lid is safe for microwave and oven use . : ) 
not overly well unless you have a particularly large oven or the baking dish itself is particularly small - you 'd have to do some measuring to be sure . 
yes you can 
i just cooked my chicken pot pie in the oven today in this corningware on 400 degrees and worked perfect . 
yes 
yes the handles are part of the pottery . we are happy with the size and quality of this piece . it is versatile . enjoy 
about 11 in x 7 1 2 in external , about 9 in x 6 1 2 internal 
i do n't think you need to worry about corning wear . this stuff is like iron . i 'm baking something right now at 450 with no problem . i 've used corning ware for about 40 years ! 
not me . i use mine frequently and while i do n't baby it i also do n't treat it too rough . 
i have a 100 pound punching bag in a single hook . its not the hook you should be worried about , but the screw expansion shield and the screw . go to a hardware store and look for this : http : www.ucanfast.com products details.php ? category=mechanical+anchors & c=6 & subcategory=medium+duty+anchors & sc=180 & productid=98 tell him to give you a good expansion shield , a good screw to fit in and a good driller tip . ( remember to have the hook with you in order to see if the screw fits ) 
yes they will hold upto 200lbs per hang ring ( total 400lbs ) per set from what i have read . i have them supporting a trapeze bar from the ceiling . 
they come with screws . i used dry wall screws with a high weight rating though because i knew i was going to have kids hang on them . i have high gymnastics rings and a hammock from the ceiling with these . 
unless you attach something that swivels . then no it is a fixed unit 
susan , the frame held the record and the sleeve . 
if your album sleeve is extremely thick ( 2 record gatefold or trifold ) message after ordering and they will adjust for the added thickness at no charge ... 
it is fairly easy to change out jackets . fyi it is not a good idea to hang the jackets with the vinyl inside . go to your local record store or go online and buy some blank record covers . they are inexpensive . keep your vinyl in the blank jackets and your album covers in the frames . 
i believe so . i have my as a present so its no longer in my possession . you might have to remove the cleat on the back for hanging to allow it to be flush and depending on how thick command strips are you may have to affix to the actual frame since the backing is inset some . it 's a well made piece that is solid . 
the whole album.i will try to post a picture . 
order the 6 pack at this link http : www.amazon.com dp b00faumwlu cheaper per frame and the shipping . email to adjust or mix frame styles . also shipping is combined if 6 individual frames are ordered on the same order ... thanks for asking . 
it is more like a light semi- gloss in my opinion . 
yes and it 's a nice tight fit . 
frame weighs 2.4 lb . a beautiful frame . 
album cover 
no this is quit small 
big one is 12.5x9x15 . med one is 9.5x7x12 . an one is 6.5x6x8.5 . they are really nice . 
you could use the large and medium as file cabinets , but small one maybe not . 
they are not really trunks , more like boxes ... the biggest is 15.5 '' x 12.5 '' x 9 '' , the middle one is 12 '' x 9.5 '' x 7 '' and the smallest is 8.75 '' x 5.75 '' x 5.5 '' . they are very cute , but small 
hello these are the sizes of 3 boxes : 16 '' x9 '' x13 '' , 12 '' x7 '' x9 '' , 9 '' x6 '' x6 '' thanks decor aisle customer service 
no ! my storage colors r laugh : black , everything else were close 2 the pic . also the hooks r so far off ( meaning do n't expect 4 them 2 lock ) their just there for decorations . i had them repaired and made it work 4 me ! good luck 
it comes with a meter that has an led , but no digital readout . a mini-meter of sorts . 
here is the answer from zerowater 's faq : `` q. does the zerowater filter remove fluoride ? a. zerowater filters are not certified for the reduction of fluoride however fluoride is an inorganic compound . the tds meter is designed to detect inorganic compounds . fluoride levels in water are usually around 2 to 4 ppm , which will show up on the meter as 002 to 004. so when filtered water reads 000 it is not likely that fluoride is present in water . '' 
zr-017 
i believe it is the same size but the shape is a little narrower at the bottom , but when i called the company they said either one can be used . i hope this helps you . may god bless your day . 
it should but the filter does n't last very long when there is a lot of sediment in the water . my zerowater started to taste bad after a week . 
mine came in a product package box 
no color when the water is fine . red when you need to change the filter . 
yes . the filters are the same in my other zero water products . there is one note . zero water changed their filters in about mid-2012 . my water cooler had to have a minor adjustment to use the newer filters . when i put the new style filters in my old zero water pitcher , it would n't filter the water to the full level in the pitcher . no problems with the 6-cup space saver , though . 
yes it has five different filters and it removes everything and the water has no taste at all . that is why they call it zero water . 
yes the pitcher is free of bpa 
hello i gave it as a gift but i think acrylic 
when i received mine it took up pretty much the whole box it came in . 
7 inch 
no , just one . 
i placed a 6 inch double layer cake on top and one cup cake on each round holder 
it is dismantled but very easy to put together . 
7 inches 
13.74 '' height 7.5 '' width 7.5 lenght that is what the box has on it . 
just gently pull on them and they come out easily . we have really enjoyed ours . would highly recommend it . 
mind reader , but it is perfect for the k-cups . it has good quality materials , and occupies very little space on my kitchen counter . 
it 's plastic . 
7 1 4 inches 
i would hesitate to say that it is sealed storage as it is not . however , each cup fits snugly into the space provided which would prevent it from being exposed to air . the cups are snug enough to hold them in place if the carousel is tipped yet removes easily for use . i hope this answers your question . 
14.5 inches from counter to top of handle 
have n't tried them . 
the dhb719 does not have an attachable container , just the 4 attachments . one metal blender , one large base plastic blender , one masher , one whisk . other models with the same power unit come with the attachable beaker . 
it has exactly 2 speeds ... normal & turbo 
not really . single speed with a `` boost '' button which ramps it up a bit . 
i checked attachments and see 'tri-blade ' label on one . both metal-bladed attachments have three blades , and the non-metal one has two paddle-like blades . 
it comes with a 7-1 2 '' base unit and several attachments . the longest configuration assembled measures 15-1 2 inches . 
it 's 120 . 
yes if your system uses the standard size filters which are 9.75 '' to 10 '' in length ( the membrane filter is 10 '' ) 
the side with the flare is the inlet , other side goes to your faucet . 
no 
no 
i have not installed my , recently purchased , cartridge yet . i too was disappointed that it was not labeled with flow direction . i am planning on installing mine with the flow direction toward the smaller end of the cartridge . the old cartridge does have flow direction arrows and they point to the smaller end . 
http : www.hidrotek.cn contact.asp this is the tradename on the membrane 
50gpd membranes are pretty much standard 11.3 4 - 1 3 4. mine is installed so i can not measure and confirm . i hope this helps . gary 
i do n't know , but google has some answers ... adds another filter for blocking taste and odor , but adds chlorine filtering . http : www.freedrinkingwater.com support questions-answers-discussions what-are-the-differences-between-coconut-carbon-filters-and-gac-carbon-filters 
it is my opinion that your r o membrane is not working properly . i have only used watts ( phoenix ) filters in the past , and when my system was new , it reduced tds by 92 % or more . after many years , i replaced the membrane with a new 75gpd filter , and my rejection ration was 94 % . i expect this new filter to last at least 10 years , but it cost $ 115.00 . it would appear to me you got what you paid for , and the results seem to be very poor . 
no on my unit it 's 1 4 `` plastic tubing 
you need something because the mattress will sink between the slats . a box spring will set the mattress way to high for the bed design though . i just flattened the box after i unpacked the bed pieces , and laid it over the slats . worked perfect ! 
yes 
total two boxes 
that 's the mattress alone . i have just a queen size ikea mattress on mine and it sits right at that height . 
yes , my 12 inch memory foam mattress fits perfectly . 
i do n't know the exact height on the sides , i can tell you i have a 13 '' mattress on it and it a little over 2 feet 
no , there are 2 legs under the center of the bed . the bed is also very low to the ground , maybe only 4 inches of clearance or so , so not very ideal for under bed storage 
that 's what i had to do , the frame is sturdy enough to support the mattress without the box spring . plus you get your head board back . 
the item includes the bed platform along with the leather headboard . it does not include a mattress . it does n't include any of the furniture shown either . 
yes . no need for the foundation 
i have it for a 1 br apartment . as long as you do n't have a lot of `` clutter '' and cords on the floor , it works pretty well . one thing is it has to be emptied frequently and the brushes need to be cleaned otherwise it becomes pretty ineffective . my girlfriend who lives with me has long hair and it tends to fill up the brushes pretty quickly . that being said , it works well . just press the clean button when you leave and it will clean for like 40 minutes or so then return to the docking station . if price is really an issue , you may be better off getting a regular vacuum and just vacuuming once a week . the one thing this does that a regular vacuum wo n't do ( besides running by itself ) is that is will get under beds and most furniture . 
hi my model did n't come with a virtual wall but i had a virtual wall left from my old five series and this model works with it fine . : ) 
the charger and docking stations com with it . the accessories are extra brushes and air filters . 
3 5 8 '' height 
yes , have a busy home 5 cats , 2 dogs run it daily , makes a big difference between vacuuming . maintain it properly and you wo n't be disappointed . worth every penny . 
yes ! it does a very good job . it goes under beds and other furniture if it fits under . it goes back to charging station when battery runs low . you just have to clean it after every use . 
i have an 1130 sq ft condo and it cleans it all in about 1 hour . it will go all over the house until the bateery is low then it will go recharge itself . keep in mind that the vacuum is not very powerful . the way it cleans is by going over the same area multiple times . it also does not have hugh storage area for dirt , dust , crumbs , hair , sand , or whatever is on your floor . and it does not clean shag carpet well . good points are you start it and then leave it . it goes under the bed and most furniture . it will not fall off an upstairs area by going over the edge . 
yes we have both in our house and it works great . ! 
i 'm not really qualified to answer your questions ; however the first roomba that i had lasted probably 3 years . it got to where it would not move across the floor but i think if i had replaced the battery it would have run . however i received the new improved model for christmas so i did not purchase a battery for the original one . i have been very happy so far with both roombas but i have only had this last one 6 months . would n't be without one since i love the fact that it goes under furniture . 
there is a little canister in the front that the dirt and debris is swept into . it looks small , but in our house the canister has been large enough . to open it , press the button the bottom of the canister to release it , then dump it out . 
this shoe organizer is 73 '' x 22.5 '' . 
no it does n't . the top middle and bottom portions have kind if a tongue and groove and the bars pop into holes . my bottom portion kept sliding out bc my boots are heavy i think , but i did a quick fix with 2 zip ties on each side : ) all in all it 's fine . 
i believe you mean 1.75 '' thick , and no it will not fit . and i do n't understand why some customers claim it only holds 15 pairs of shoes ; it holds a lot more than that but this shoe holder makes it really hard to close my closet door completely . 
it 's prob like 3ft wide so u judge from there , i suggest u only put 1or 2 pair each row because it 's cheaply made very flimsy 
the sides are hard plastic , the bars that run across are metal . it 's the sturdiest shoe rack of this style that i have tried found . 
the main color is black , along with some shades of brown and red . 
i have it with a liner behind it so i do n't know if it is watershed or not . i never take changes on these types of items 
`` faith , hope , love '' and `` simplify '' . this shower curtain is beautiful - much prettier than the picture . it has a lot of green tones in it and i was really happy when it arrived and i saw it in person . i think it was a really good bargain . 
maybe shutters made from old barn wood 
this curtain is very patriotic and country . great quality ! ! 
yes there is a whole collection available . .hope this helps . i get a lot of compliments on my set . thanks for the question ! 
it is cloth . does not look or feel like anything but cloth . very nice curtain . i love it . 
i personally have tan rugs and love them with my curtain . tan walls i think would be nice also . i am soon going to buy it make something in the darker red ( barn red ) for my bathroom . 
only curtain i 've seen is the real short ruffle . like its 12 inches long and plaid . i suggest finding a matching solid color for your curtain . 
no i do not have them . 
the top part of the unit slides out so that you can place the bottom part of the unit beneath your hanger rod . you then place the top part of the unit over the hanger rod and slide it back into the lower housing . this `` sandwiches '' the hanger rod between the top and bottom parts of the unit . there is a set screw that allows you to tighten the fit in case your hanger rod has a smaller diameter than what the unit was made for . if you do not have a hanger rod , mounting this tie rack will be a challenge , if not impossible . 
no . the attachment brace is premolded for a round bar . i would not recommend any other shape because i do n't think that securing it so that the device wo n't turn is achievable . 
72 ties and 8 belts 
i believe it 's plastic , but very well made . 
holds 72 ties - advertised to hold 8 belts but i believe you lose 4 tie holders when you substitute the belt hangers . not sure since i discarded the belt hooks over a year ago because i knew i 'd never use them . 
you might be able to adapt something , but it really is designed for a round closet rod . 
front 
approximately 5 '' w x 5 '' h x 15 '' d ... i think the the specs are also online at the amazon site . 
69 
60 if i recall correctly . 
hard to believe but up to the tippy top ( which you would not fill it up to ) is 10 ounces . that photo must be showing around 5-6 ounces of wine in the decenter . 
6 oz . i gave them as a gift to my sister in law . she uses them for individual servings of nuts . 
this one holds 8oz . just up to where the neck gets smaller . ( a tad more than the picture shows ) . they are great decanters that i use all the time , even just for myself ... when i have leftover ice-tea , or a second martini , or ... of course , wine ( to decanter ) . i 've not yet used for company . ( btw , the smaller decanter -- if amazon still has them -- measures 4oz . just up to where the neck gets smaller ) . a great buy . 
six ounces to the neck . great decanter ! 
the part that sticks out the back is for support . the frame is an acute angled `` l '' . the seat cushion part flops around but the frame is rigid . 
back jacks all have only one angle -- about 10 degrees leaning back . that being said , you can adjust the way you sit and or use our cushion or any cushion . we know there are some knock-offs going around and we even checked one out a few years ago . the `` adjustable angle '' mechanism we saw definitely appeared to be susceptible to rust and or other mechanical problems -- so we stayed away from it . regards , bodymindwisdom 
yes 
it does n't say on the label but it 's a thick , heavy material . the frame is very sturdy . it 's the original 'backjack anywhere chair ' that is used at workshops i 've attended at multiple places . i have purchased a few other brands in the past that did n't last long . this is the most durable . in my opinion , it 's the highest quality chair you 'll find . 
no you can not fold it up . once assembled the frame is rigid . you would have to take th cushion off and undo the frame ; big hassle . it is pretty sturdy as long as you 're just sitting on it an not trying to rock back on it . my 7 yr old has n't broken it yet though so that 's got to say something . 
try this link ( i just googled it and it looks like my instructions ) http : www.bjindustriesinc.com pdfs backjack-assembly.pdf 
very portable and light weight 
i do n't know the exact weight but it s extremely light and very portable . the light weight metal frame pulls apart and all pieces flatten out . hope that helps ! 
it 's about 5 pounds or so . it boils water so quickly . i love it no matter what it weighs ! 
kind of a deep royal 
yes . 
hello hyun joo oh , they are indeed the same color . we hope this helps you a lot in your decision and it would be our pleassure to assist you further in any item . dont hesitate to visit us parkavegifts have a wonderful day ! 
yes . 
yes . 
we haved used it without any problems so far . 
yes , it is . 
50 '' by 60 '' 
it has a 3 prong . 
180 watts 
i bought mine as a gift and i do not know how it is working . i 'll try to find out for you but i do n't know if this person uses it very much . sorry i could n't be more help . snorkie 
i do n't see why you could n't just unplug the electrical part of the blanket and let it soak in the washing machine . however , i would n't let it agitate . of course , you can spin it out ! i also would drape it between two lines ( if hung outside ) or on a drying rack if dried inside . i would n't put any tension on the internal wires of the blanket . 
sorry but we are out of stock in beige . 
yes , we have ivy green , blue , beige and walnut brown color in our store vct electronics . 
hi . the cord is 9 feet from plug in to the wall to plugging into the blanket . ( i measured it just now ) . it is about 7 feet feet from wall to the attached remote . i hope that helps you . 
no . but if you use one as my daughter does the bed is really high . hope this helps . 
feet are right around 5 '' 
the headboard is 3 inches thick and it 's soft padding . i do n't know if you want something thicker , but it looks good . the headboard comes with the rest of the bed , so do n't buy anything separately . i had to contact amazon because the headboard had not arrived , but the place where it was purchased from was prompt to respond and made sure i got the headboard within a day or two . it 's a good buy . 
there no gap in the middle . i 'm sure i understand your question 
hi , this bed includes the headboard , footboard and rails . the slats are also included . thank you . 
i apologize for the delay but i bought 2 full size beds for the deep pillow top mattresses and there is no gap . they fit perfect . .. no box spring needed and the bed was really easy to put together with 2 people ! 
about 10.5 '' as i measured 
metal support beams 
yes . very impressed with its quality . 
yes 
yes ... .it comes exactly as puctured . 
i am using a foam mattress on top of this bed frame , and it works wonderfully . i do n't need a board on top of the slats , i think its because there are a lot of slats ( 13 rows ? ) and the space in between each slats is small 
yes ... .. i have a beauty rest recharge mattress on mine ... . its 13 inches i love this bed ... you wo n't be disappointed . i have received so many compliments 
plastic 
yes 
i own the winn espresso and it has the same detail as shown in the picture , it 's also black . not sure if that 's helpful but that 's all i can tell you ! 
yes in fact you need a box spring . 
from under the bed to the floor is 5 inches 
very easy , i do it myself 
this is a very very dark brown . sometimes in certain light it can look black but for the most part very dark brown . 
not too sure im about 5'1 so im on the short side its about 15 inches off the floor plus the height of the mattress would make it about 27 inches off the floor . it doesnt look low as some platform beds do 
there 's enough to hold just a mattress i 'm 6 foot 1 185 lbs and can jump on thed bed without a problem . 
seems sturdy and should be able to handle easy 400+ only issue is with any movement the ribs slide out of their little pockets rather easily . i have n't gotten around to it yet but , i am going to super glue the wooden ribs inside their plastic sleeves . at the current moment if i plop down in the bed after a long day odds are more than one of them will come out and fall down , occasionally leading to the mattress sinking into the slot . overall good bed frame just the sleeves and wooden rib pieces are loosely fitting and cause quite the headache . 
no 
yes that is correct 
yes i think so , its comfortable and weighs about 5 1 2 pounds , the 3inch thick mattress really smoothens out what ever your laying it on . the material is n't that strong for outdoor use like laying it on the ground outside . but if you put it on a queen size cot it works great for camping . if your hiking and carrying it on your back its kinda big and bulky but if your driving to your camp site its perfect . 
3 '' is the thickest . it work goos for me . 220 5'11 '' 
there is enough room for two people but it 's short . when we use it the pillows go to the floor . 
you can short term . but for longer it would probably need a futon slatted base for air circulation . fyi i 'm a side sleeper and found it uncomfortable . 
you ca n't actually fold it bilaterally too well . to fold something , you need a seam along the folded edge to allow it . if you tried to fold this mattress down the center , it would resist and even unfold itself . the thick padding is thick for comfort 's sake , but it also resists . so it would create a rounded bulbous spine , which i 'm sure is uncomfortable to sleep on . maybe if you did it abunch of times , it would shift the filler material away from the spine , and it would work ? that 's possible . 
same width and probably about 1-2 feet in diameter depending how tightly you roll it up . 
i sprayed febreze on one side and let it sit out in my living room overnight to thoroughly dry . i then did the same thing on the other side . now it smells like febreze . if you do this , make sure to select a febreze fragrance that you can handle . i 've had it for over a month , and there 's a faint smell of febreze but not the smell of the futon when you first take it out of the box . 
the queen sized mattress is way too big to carry on a plane . rolled up it is 5 feet long and about 1 1 2 feet in diameter . it is n't too heavy , but it is very large . 
i have one and it is queen size . that being said you have to remember that many things we buy are from china and india so sheets and the like ar n't always spot on in the size department . also this is only maybe 2 inches thick while a regular mattress may be up to 8 inches thick . 
good question . how do you clean a regular mattress ? i brush and sun mine , and since it does n't require anything else , i do n't vacuum it . 
i think it is mentioned it is 55 pounds . i carried it . it seems that number can be accurate ( or maybe a little less than that ) 
i would n't . it does n't take well to moisture at all . very prone to mold . 
is very firm and will not get soft . it is made from layers of cotton , with a little bit of foam . the cotton tends to get hard , that is why it needs to be rolled on a regular basis . this is a japanese style mattress . to me is perfect and cool , for my husband , he says , is way too hard . not bouncy at all . 
as the others have responded , it is very large for a washing machine . you might be able to find a machine large enough at a laundromat , but then i can not say how it will effect the stuffing . you should n't have to wash it anyway . rolling it up regularly will keep the stuffing fluffed aired out and taking a broom to it once in a while will really liven it up . if you really need to have it cleaned i would suggest taking it to a dry cleaners . i 'm sure they would be able to help assist advise you on what to do . if you 're worried about the smell it has from the packaging you should leave it out in the sun for a few days . if you keep a sheet on it you wo n't notice it anyway . i highly recommend this product and absolutely love sleeping on it . hope you decide to get one and find joy and comfort in yours as well ! 
if you roll it up and stand it on end , you need an area about 20 inches in width and 60 inches tall . 
it 's definitely 60 '' x 80 '' . also the cover can be removed , but considering it has quilted yarn , that would have to be removed , you may not want to remove it . 
the biggest difference , honestly , is this is designed to go on the floor and be rolled up afterward . there are no buttons . i sleep on mine every night . this style of sleeping takes getting used to . you either like it or you do n't . i personally love mine . i think it 's the most comfortable thing in the world . then again , i 've slept this way for almost 10 years . 
never tried it folded in half . however , it will roll to approximately 16 '' diameter if compressed while rolling . hope this helps ! 
i personally think it 's too heavy bulky to transport . it 's really big and a pain to roll up and put away . i would not recommend it for camping . 
i dont think you can take them apart but possibly steam cleaning would work . i have only had mine a month and a half . doubled on covering so i wont worry about it too often . 
full size or what is also known as double 
had it only for about 5 months . so far so good . 
i guess there is somewhat of a firmness issue . the area around my hips and shoulders i have noticed that the padding tends to move away and has to be fluffed . however i have to admit i do n't know if that is normal or not because this is the first time i have ever owned a futon . . i hope my comments were helpful 
i think it 's a little longer than a flat bed base but not by much 
yes . 
yes , i do . i would imagine it would be very hard to clean the whole thing , and i do n't *think* the cover is removable . 
thats actually a good idea ! and yes i feel they would . i bought 4 packs of these hooks and maybe 3 of 40 of them were bent . its a strong metal so unable to bend back but the ones that were useful were strong enough to hold anything . 
the large hook end would fit over a 1 '' rod as it measures about 1 1 8 '' . 
3 1 4 by 1 1 2 they fit the rod on my kitchen island rods perfectly . the hook spread is 1 1 8 so fit a 1 `` rod perfectly . 
no 
yes they would . i use one of the hooks in my garage to hang a lawn edger , i did n't weigh it but i 'm sure it weighs more than 5 lb 's . 
i paid for item . company stated give them extra time for shipping after 90 days plus . i never received item ! ! do n't order from this company you will not receive order . amazon had to refund me after i filed complaint ! ! ! never received order from company ! ! ! 
the hooks are sturdy ? i would use it but not overload the bags . 
received 10 
they are stainless steel . from the top of the 's ' to the bottom is about 4 inches . i will update this response , when i get back home and measure it . 
yes . should be fine with a cast iron skillet or similar . 
hi , it 's 4 canisters and 4 spice containers just as pictured . the lids are included with the canisters . i 've had mine for a while and still love them . 
i have n't seen any individual canisters for sell on amazon , buy cooknhome.com may have some . 
the tallest canister is 11 1 2 inches tall . please read all the reviews , because they are not of the best quality , my two big one the lids do n't screw on straight . 
i have no idea . they are decent sized , but i sent them back because they seemed cheap to me . we bought oxo pop top instead . i recommend them . 
ayellesse , the diameter is 3 1 2 '' opening , and the shakers have graduated holes from small for shaking to larger ones that allow pouring . hope this helps . 
yes . you need to purchase the attachment , about $ 12.00 . set the lid on the jar top . a cap goes over that and a tube is inserted into the hole on the cap and connected to the hole on the top , right side , of the seal-a-meal . then you just proceed as if you are sealing a bag . this attachment works great . we use it more than the bags and you can re-use the lids indefinitely . great if you buy volume coffee . we keep dried fruit , grains , etc . 
yes . if you only want to seal a bag , for example if you cut from a roll and need to seal the end , just put the cut end on the heating plates and do n't put any excess into the vacuum chamber . when you put only the end on the plates and close the lid it will seal only . 
yes , it has an accessory port and the tube comes with it . the jars themselves do n't come with it so you 'd need to buy those seperately . 
i think the only difference is that this model has an accessory port that you can use with containers . 
yes it did 
all of our products that are sold in the united states and canada are manufactured and ul approved for 110-120 voltage . we do not recommend the use of a converter , transformer or other electronic device with our product . converting the electricity may compromise the functionality of the product . 
yes . i add an extra step . i seal the bag on both ends twice . never had a leaker . works great for clothes on a rafting trip . i even seal bullets in them . anywhere you have electricity - it 'll work . 
i suppose , if you wash them really well . 
i have even gotten the ziplock hand pump bags to work with this thing . as long as it 's the right material , it will work . 
yes , it did come with a tube for a jar vacuum . 
yes , it comes with 1 10 '' doulton ultracarb candle . 
does this require high pressure ? no can it be used with a 12 v pump water system in an rv ? yes how many gallons per hour ? 30 gpm 
it attaches to the tip of your existing faucet at the spout where the water now pours out . you can see ( if you place your finger there ) that your existing spout has threading to screw on an attachment . you screw on the metal end of the doulton unit to your spout which then directs the water flow through the doulton unit to filter the water . the doulton unit also has a switch near the attachment to direct the water either through the filtration unit or unfiltered through your spout . it is possible that you may need to buy an adapter if the doulton unit 's mechanism does n't fit your faucet , but it 's unlikely . mine fit perfectly , and works great , 
http : www.amazon.com doulton-w9123053-10-inch-ultracarb-ceramic-filter dp b009eqm3ry ref=pd_sim_hi_2 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0jw0bnx4s9j4wqfx8014 or http : www.amazon.com doulton-ultracarb-filter-candle-w9123053 dp b000nzrfyq ref=pd_sim_hi_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0jw0bnx4s9j4wqfx8014 the ceramic one is supposed to remove lead & bacteria . you can compare different candles by reading this chart ( at the bottom ) . http : www.doulton.com countertop-systems doulton-hcps-countertop-water-filter-system 
just one candle . 
it actually depends on your useage , water quality , and seasonal factors . to be safe , every 6 months to a year will do . -j 
the ceramic filters are the only other types of filters that are used for removing fluoride , next to a reverse osmosis system , so , the answer here would be yes . thank you , - jacques 
they 're fine although they could be a bit wider to fill out the shoulders of a large men 's shirt . i 've taken these to asia and europe and they 're so light i do n't think about the added weight . 
each one individually if its laying flat line in the picture is about 5 1 2 inches long and the widest point across is about 3 inches the smallest is 2 1 2 and the 1 2 inch tall 
yes , these are very durable . i love these for travel . i used one on ship for a wet bathing suit . 
i ordered these in last july and have yet to receive them . i would advise against ordering from this outlet . 
no it does n't but its very easy to wipe down attached 
i think it is best to keep it level all the time , because of its sensitivity and calibration . but you could i guess , just do n't put pressure on the top of the scale when you store it on its side . that might damage its accuracy . 
i just pulled out my scale to test this . i set an object on it , set the tare weight to zero , then removed the object . the scale reads negative the exact weight of the object . it also reads in pounds & ounces . 
grams are displayed in whole grams only . ounces to 2-decimal places . pounds to 3-decimal places . 
i looked on my scale and could not find the information that you requested , so i went to the company 's website and found this : `` eatsmart scales are designed and engineered in new jersey , usa and manufactured to our exact specifications in the far east '' 
here 's what we did . we put some items together and their total weight was 13 lbs , 8 oz . then we found a container that weighed 2 lbs , 9 oz , then tared it . we then put the 13 lb 8 oz items back on , and the scale showed 13 lb 8 oz . we took every thing off , re-tared the scale , and put every item back on . the scale showed 16 lb , 2 oz . you make your own deductions . 
it is a 1-button operation , yes . 
when the weight exceeds 16 ounces then it will be displayed as pounds and ounces . for example , 17.5 oz . will be displayed as 1 lbs. , 1.5 oz . 
my experience is that it is accurate with very small masses such as fractions of an ounce or in a low number of grams . for such small masses or volumes i put a small dixie cup on the scale ( which typically weighs about 3 grams ) and then tare the scale and then add in the powder or whatever i need to weigh . i typically use grams , but the scale can show weights in tenths or hundredths of an ounce . 
it weighs each gram . 
not sure really . they are howevery lightweight . much lighter than other luggage i own 
a small carry on 
there is the three pictured and an additional oversized duffel bag also ... ( without wheels ) ... . they should have put that in the pic too ! ! 
in the above pic ... the smaller of the `` stand up '' cases ... has wheels that spin ... 
these chinese units dont hold up , aka junk . mine last less than one month in southern california winter weather . i then went with king and made in the usa . so far works great . if you have 220 volts , then it would work but not in the window . quite fan . i have the pic-a-watt by king and it cost the same as the junk stuff . 
in my region the unit costs $ 1.00 an hour to run on the 5000 watt mode . so its actually quite expensive to run if it were to run for several hours each day , we just run it on weekends when were in the gararge and that 's about it but works very well ! 
it does n't get hot 
yes it does 
very happy with the heater . can set temp very low and the 10 ' by 16 ' room in the barn will stay just above freezing . also if you turn it up it can run you out . 
cream 
thank you for the question . the cz220 requires 240 volt hook up similar to your electric stoves or dryers . they will not run on standard 120 volt house hold current . 
yes 
i do not know and the instuctions that came with it do n't mention the cfm . it does put out a good amount of air and it kept my 24 x 24 shop nice and warm when the outside temperature was well below freezing . 
1300 sqf 
it 's has quite a few at least thirty they go tired of the straight across all the way from the top to the bottom and require the up must precision and patience to put then in because they can be wow difficult to place into the pieces they have given 
dark brown . we enjoy it . we opted not to have a box spring so it does sit low to the ground because of that . 
? 
the king is much wider an more spacious by several inches an as long as you are n't over six feet tall then the king is perfect for you but the california king is much longer than the regular king but not as wide so basically california king is long an regular king is wide 
no it does n't come with a mattress and you do not need a box spring . without it , it does sit low to the ground . 
my cat can squeeze through the larger spaces down in the corners of the screen with no problem . she is 8 pounds . 
i just measured mine and it is 52 '' wide by 70 '' high . i hope the information helps . it is a really lovely piece which i have owned for almost 2 years and it looks just as good as the day it was delivered . 
it is wood 
the item is not `` flimsy '' , but it is lightweight as is any room divider of this type . i do n't own a cat but assume that it could , if it chose , knock it over easily . it really is an attractive addition to a room . amazon has stands for room dividers in different colors . if interested , type in those key words and have a look . good luck 
there is nothing about this piece that looks `` weird '' . it is really a quite beautiful addition to any space . while i personally would not attach anything to it , i suppose you could use clothespins or binder clips ... ..but there are no straight lines so everything would most likely hang askew . since the divider is right by my desk i just tried a clothespin ( works fine ) and a small black binder clip ( works fine and was visually less intrusive ) . good luck and i hope the information is helpful 
we use it for a different purpose but i doubt that this will hold clothing etc as a display , not unless you have the base firmly hinged to some object . 
at its widest it is 79 '' , but that is only if it 's completely wide open -- and it will always be bent so that it can stand up . i have mine at approximately 60 '' but it could be slightly wider or narrow depending on how tightly the pieces are positioned . 
yes it does , just comes in a big box . my wife and i love it , we have it behind the sofa and decorate depending on the seasons . 
really only 52 
52w * 0.75d * 69.75h 
the top of the cork can not be removed and you can not put the corkcicle in a full bottle of wine . i was excited about this product when it first came out , we often serve wine on a boat and it is hard to get the bottle back in the cooler , and even bought it for gifts . however , i have since thrown it away . . . the `` cork '' came off and had to be glued back on and then the `` cicle '' part leaked . it is a nice idea , but needs some work . 
probably will show as liquid in odd container . would be safer to pack well and check . 
i do n't see anywhere on the box where manufactured and i no longer have anything else it came with . i did google it and looks like most likely china . 
i have not measure the gap but for expansion of the liquid there should be a gap . it is still above the wine surface . 
absolule , a queen mattress fits perfectly but the flaw with this frame and i added a piece of memory foam and my guests love th bed . however you need to know that the legs do not lock should you move the bed at all . i have tried repeatedly to get the manufacturer to answer the question of how to make this happen and they do not return my calls . once you have the bed where you want it make sure you kick the legs to get them into place and they stay until you move the frame 
so far no sagging - seems pretty sturdy . i have had the bed frame for a few months . does mattress slide ? yes , but i put an old quilt between the mattress and frame and that helped a lot . i would still buy the frame knowing all of this . 
if it is a full or queen size frame , not a twin . 
i 'm pretty sure it 's made in the u.s.a . 
not really , if you use a box spring it makes it really high up , add 17 '' plus the height of your box and the height of your mattress to see if it would be to high up . 
no , it does not adjust your size is a bit smaller than a twin but not that much so it probably would not matter that much 
i do n't know ! 
no . 
no you ca n't make it shorter . it is just the 2 sections that attach together . 
the frame does not have plate connection for a headboard or a footboard . i purchased this platform bed for stability and free standing and it is how i currently use it for . it is serving its purpose . 
no it wo n't since it is 80x60 itself . 
no . the frame folds flat against itself . you 'll have to have the mattress folded and stored separate from the frame . 
they bolt together with metal wing nuts . sufficiently sturdy 
14 '' height 
it handled two 150 pound people , plus a pretty large dog , no issues 
i believe , you would have to buy a bed frame for a twin bed . i bought a twin xl for my grandson 's twin xl mattress ... you might be able to get 2 twins from a king size one . 
the one i ordered for my granddaughter was for a twin bed . 
there are not any sharp edges but there are bars so i do n't know if an inflated mattress would work very well 
it may fit it folds in the middle and the legs fold down as well . 
no headboard attachment 
120v 60hz 800w 
full size , 
yes , i did 
i havent tried before but i guess yes u can cook anything that u can fit in this size since is a machine with 2 nonstick sides in cupcake shapes . and it works perfect ! 
my machine warms up quickly sometimes i even fill it then plug it in to bake because it over brown some muffins . the muffins are ready in about 7-9 minutes . i bake gluten free some batters are different . 
sure with supervision 
hello , no , everything bakes consistently , the center is smooth and the borders a bit crusty , but i like it that way . 
i am not positive about grain free cupcakes but if they cook like regular cupcakes then they will do fine..i have done cupcakes of many kinds , muffins , cookies , biscuits , and pizza with dough..it is very versatile 
never to use alone , however my three year old asked for this for christmas last year and he loves to help me make muffins and cupcakes . it gets very hot very fast . 
i can not tell you this now as i still have not received it but from what i read , you can use any . 
the cord was tightly wrapped but i do n't remember a plastic cover . 
yes , of course ; ) , i always use paper liners in the cupcake maker . 
it will make any kind of muffin ! we 've made cornbread before . 
mine is machine only . no accessories . i have used it with paper liners for cupcakes as well as without when making muffins . 
the size is medium . cupcake papers are usually sold in 3 sizes ; jumbo ( large ) medium , or mini ( vert small ) . you can get a better idea of size by looking at the cupcake papers in your local super market . 
i have n't public any recepit i do n't know what recepit you asked . 
i make banana bread muffins in mine but i do usually have to add one extra minute of baking time for those . 
it 's 6 standard cupcake size , not mini . i love it ! 
yes . it will go away . wash gently with soapy water and dry . it will burn off after use . 
i do n't know , it was a gift . sorry 
yes you can but if you did i 'd put a couple of tblsp of water in the side not being used . i use egg beaters that is premixed and always use both sides the extra omelette i put in the refig to eat the next day . 
three is about the limit if you are going to use veggies along with them . i have n't tried just a plain egg omelet so i ca n't tell you for sure about that . it really makes a good omelet , albeit a tad slower than i thought , but still is fun to use and yummy outcomes : ) 
no , the light on top is only on when it 's heating up ( and goes off when it 's ready to use ) or when it 's coming back on to maintain its temperature . there is no indication of when the omelet is done except the suggestions for timing in the booklet and some trial-and-error . my husband likes to make sure the eggs are fully cooked , so i load up the omelet ( three eggs , about 1.5 eggs per side , plus the fixings ) and set the microwave timer for a little more than 11 minutes , and it 's done . works every time consistently once you figure out the timing that 's best for you . 
i believe it is a 120 volt . i just plugged it into my wall . 2 pronged . 
110v only 
no . 
no i do n't . i bought the holstein model and love it . 
yes it is ! 
yes , you can order only what you need . 
1 3 4 '' high and 1 34 '' inside diameter 
i just bought these same napkin rings at fred meyer in oregon ... $ 9.99 for a set of 4 
the top of the bottom shelf is approximately 1 1 4 inch off the floor so it should slide underneath with a little room to spare . 
i think you could manage to stack two of them together . however , they are not made to be stacked . hope this helps ! 
22 inches 
this table is absolutely worth the cost . it is sturdy and attractive and easy to assemble . i highly recommend it . 
the only thing i can tell you is that is `` assembles '' very quickly and easily , therefore , i can only assume that it would `` disassemble '' just as quickly . it is light weight but sturdy . 
the stand itself is metal and the top is wooden with a glossy finish . my sectional is a bit tall and over sized so the table fits snugly but i love it 
it says in the description that the table top and bottom shelf are made of `` faux wood . '' this faux wood is covered in a very high gloss finish . it does n't look cheap ; it 's very modern looking . the legs and sides are a dark brown metal . 
nope . 
i think so , laptops are not heavy and the table is , solid 
yes 
i do n't know but please i beg you do not throw your money away of this since i bought it they had to change the listing bc yes you put it together yourself and fyi it is a piece of you know what and there is a toxic smell that never left go to a furniture store and spend a bit more for something you will have forever do n't do what i did and buy this hope this helped 
it 's on the smaller size . we could n't fit our full size dinner plates in the cabinet . 
it 's short . not quite 5 feet tall . 
i do n't think so it 's not very deep . it is smaller than it looks in the picture . 
you could , but it would be awkward , since the shelving space is triangular . 
not sure but 2 months later our is broke . none of the doors will close . do n't buy 
no light 
no 
16 '' -16 '' -24 '' 
pressed wood 
i dont recommend the table for an aquarium 
it 's very light , seems like particle board . 
this is pretty narrow and i would n't say it would support 30ibs . we just have it against the wall w some decor vases . i would n't recommend putting anything heavy on it . 
i do n't know . this was the worst purchase i have made in my life . pretty difficult to build ... 
it needs assembly and was quite easy to put together . looks beautiful too ! 
first , i love this table . had it for a little while now and it 's perfect for our needs . ( we use it in the hall just inside the front door as a catch all , primarily ) however , while i assume you 're asking about a flat panel tv , i would personally choose something else to hold electronics . 
hi , no i do not keep this , it was difficult to put together and it costs me a lot of money to return , so try and see if somone else has directions 
about 18 in . i love this piece 
yes it is dark brown like espresso . 
what is the length ? 
not sure , but it seems super sturdy . we have books on two of the four shelves . cork side has a coin collections hanging on it . hook side has had winter coat and always has clothes hanging on them . putting a 12 inch potted plant on top with out a second thought , just haven '' t got to it yet . swivel is heavy duty , not something that will bend easily , would be hard to bend it with tools . the piece itself is extremely heavy . no chance of it being knocked over or tipping over . two stationary shelves . two adjustable shelves that could be made stationary . 23 pound dog curled up on bottom shelf , kids found him and were spinning him around ... if that is what concerns you . not recommending dog spinning of course . 
shelves are 16 1 2 inch deep and 15 1 2 inch wide 
9 '' 
no , you have to screm them in . 
you have it correct . you will see an open shelf , cork board , mirror , and then the other side is flat and has hooks . 
particle board covered in white laminate , shelves are wood covered in laminate . 
it is definetly possible to not attach the swivel base . however , i think the larger base provides more support than without it . i would be concerned about the potential of the cabinet being pulled over without it . hope this helps . we love it for my 12 year old daughters room . 
no more then 2 inches from the wall 
yes it does 
yes 
from point to point , 3 inches . they are roughly 2 inches by 3 inches . 
i do n't see why not . i do n't believe i 'd put boiling water in the mold . by the time you 've stirred the jello to dissolve completely , i 'd still wait a bit to pour into mold . i have regular jello molds , but they 're a more firm plastic than this mold . ca n't hurt to give it a try . 
no . i used it as a candy mold . 
it is ! please just message us with what personalization you want and your order id and we 'll add it for you . 
metal 
yes . you can age any type of alcohol in it . 
it 's about 6 inches long , 6 inches high and 4 inches wide 
depends on the barrel , but usually yes . i had to cure the last barrel for about a week with water first . 
yes it does 
i 'm not sure , but i will tell you just holding water in for a few days turned it a golden brown with a hint of oak . 
i gave the set as a gift so i did n't measure the rug . i can tell you that it is on the generous side - i 've seen it in my friend 's home and it covers about half the size of her tub . she has a pretty typical sized tub shower combo and it is more than adequate to meet her needs . hope this helps you ! 
it 's the average size for a bathroom set , not bad for the price at all . i washed and dried and still looks good . hope this helps . 
33 1 2 22 1 2 this rug washes up well very nice set ! hope this helps ! 
no . hand wash only . 
no , it appears to be bonded to the outside . 
hi pam , i 'm sorry i ca n't answer your question . i bought it as a gift . the kid really liked it , though . roger 
i suppose it is 120v , as it worked the moment i plugged in . 
& gt ; what material is the table made of ? the top board is made of melamine facing plate . & gt ; does it plug into an american outlet ? yes , it does . but this , i ca n't guarantee 100 % . 
yes 
when assembled ( which is very easy to do ) this kotatsu stands about 1 ' . ( one foot ) 
the set includes the table which includes the heater attached , the legs , and a table top that has two reversible sides . 
hi , thank you for your question . i have sold over 10 of this item from japan to usa . but nobody complain about this item . i think it is better to use with electric changer . but maybe it can use to direct . please could you use carefully and at your risk . thank you akira 
this table have already dealt with the voltage of america . 
& gt ; does the voltage meet american standard ? yes , it does . & gt ; and how much is the shipping ? it depends on a method of the transportation . 
hi . this item with heater . and without futon . and with table top . you have to buy only futon . japanese cool items store . 
yes -- some one asked this question earlier so im just answering again in place of the company . ( apparently the answer is yes , i am not sure ) . 
yes , it does . 
10 inches deep . 
it 's about 10 inches deep . it 's a great shelf comes put together you just have to put the shelves in place , 
i measured from the top of the bottom shelf to the top of the second shelf ... 23.5 '' . the bottom shelf does not touch the ground . there is about 2 '' from bottom shelf to ground . 
no they do not they are pump action 
it 's acrylic . obviously of good quality since it has n't etched or marked since we got ours a long while ago . 
no , the newer model seems to deliver slightly less salt or pepper than the older one . there is no visible reason , but perhaps the clearances are a little tighter on the grinding shaft . 
hello , you placed this order from grind gourmet who is not an authorized seller of epar products . this seller is no longer listed as an option when buying this mill , but please make sure that you are ordering from epar on future purchases . best regards , epar team 
the section where you can see the pepper salt is made of some kind of plastic or acrylic . the stainess steel you see above that is just a sleeve as the pastic goes all the way up to contain the salt pepper . i 've found the sleeve to be poorly glued . this is fine a salt mill ... but the output w pepper is so low that you ca n't use it in the kitchen , only on the table for a light dusting of pepper 
hello r.m . chavez , please contact us at info @ epareusa.com and we will send you a replacement right away . best regards , epar 
no , you can not adjust the grind size , this mill produces the grind through force unlike the grind mechanisms you will find in two-hand operated mills . 
i do n't believe that you could mount it directly to a wall . we 've had 2 units for about 2 years and they work very well in a cabinet , but the frames are n't terribly strong . you could buy a shelf with support brackets , mount that to the wall and then put the spice racks on the open shelf . 
the box contains : * the spicestack 30 bottle organiser as shown in the photos * a sheet size paper instructions about cleaning , and use * a sheet of 48 labels from `` anise '' to `` vanilla bean '' to use on the drawers * a blank sheet of labels for your own use for things not covered by the pre-printed labels . 
the dimensions of the youcopia chef 's edition spice stack 30-bottle organizer measures at 12 7 8 '' w x 11 '' d x 8 3 4 '' h. i have not used any of the others . i am cautious with it because the hinge areas are made of plastic so i have a tendency to support the ( heavy spice bottle loaded ) drop down shelves with my hand when i open them . i may be being overcautious but i do n't want to risk breaking a hinge because i love the way this unit organizes my sizeable spice collection . it has made a huge improvement of being able to find my chosen spice quickly and being able to see my varied inventory to inspire new recipe creativity . 
hi judith ! square bottles fit best in the 18-bottle original spicestack in silver and the 24-bottle classic spicestack in white and silver . look for `` universal drawers '' in the product description ... this means the spicestack holds both round and square spice bottles . the other spicestacks are really designed to fit round bottles best ( although some square bottles can fit ) . i hope this helps ! lauren , owner at youcopia products inc . 
good question -- -but i do n't think so . at least i know that is does not come with hardware to install as such -- -plus the top portion does not accommodate screws or anchors for fastening nor does it provide reinforced material for drilling and or bearing weight . 
i asked my hubby and he really does not think so . sorry . it is a great product ! 
it was too large for my cabinets and my pantry shelf also . it ended up just sitting on the counter . it looks good and makes it easier to get to when i 'm cooking . 
i have a few penzey 's spices -- my mom buys them for me . i have a smaller size and a larger size . if there are only 2 sizes of penzey 's spices , then yes -- they both fit . i have a jar of dried shallots ( 8oz ) in mine right now . i can stack 2 of the smaller ones in one slot as well . 
mine is on the counter . the drawers come straight out . i love it ! ! 
it can stand alone on the counter . 
if i 'm not mistaken , i believe a few more bells and whistles are the only difference between 590 and 790. i think the 790 has a mopping function . not entirely sure . as for 1.0 and 3.0 , the 3.0 is the latest and greatest . better software , more cameras , better functioning . hope that helped 
i have ordered new filters from compass parts . 866-779-7906 . 
as far as i know , this specific version does not . at least the model we received does not . 
no i have z-wave and i get no interference 
yes 
unsure , mine has been stuck under the bed since i got it , 
no it will learn on its own the floors and area 's . once you get it and set it up and then start running it then it will start learning the area 's threw the house . 
hello , thank you for your question . as per the product detail page this item is available to ship to select international countries outside the u.s. i would suggest adding the item to your cart then click the `` proceed to checkout '' button . an error message will appear if it is not able to be delivered to your destination . if you are able to proceed through the order process and giving shipping methods prices to chose from then this means that a seller of the item is able to ship to your location . i hope this helps ! 
it 's a little tricky at first . i just ordered more brushes . i went to the lg website and then searched for my vacuum . it then redirected me to a distributor based on where i live and then i found the part number and ordered . the best i can say is start at the lg website and go from there . it 's not bad after doing it , but it can be tricky at first . good luck 
call lg ! 
yes i open my water bottles and other bottle with this it wont open aquafina for some reason but i do n't have an adaptor that they sell . i use the other handy tool i have if this one wont work but i do use this one the most its so easy and its right on my frig . 
hello anthony , you got me thinking now about whether the opener can open powerade bottle caps . i looked at the photo and even though it does n't show any 1.5 '' caps , it does say 3 interchangeable size caps are available on their website . maybe they have a q & a section . for $ 25 ... it should do more than water bottles . it will open your water bottles and aluminum soda cans as well , just twist off and is open . if needed , set of 3 interchangeable plates are available at magic opener web page . - h a p p y - o p e n i n g ! ! ! ! 
i do n't think so . boost bottles have a larger cap . it will not open a kellog bottle . there is an open that costs about 7.00 on amazon that opens larger cap bottles . best regards , ron 
it opens water bottle , liter bottles of soda and cans with a pop top . i bought this for my 80 year old mother who has bad arthritis and she loves it . she has it on her refrigerator door and uses it all the time . 
you can buy interchangeable plates for various sized bottles , which you install yourself , so yeah , go ahead and take that plate off . 
you can order them from their website - www.magicopener.com . i order them - you get three different size plates . 
yes it will.it will also open up pepsi and squirt 
i believe that the extreme is larger and has more openers . yes 3 versions 
yes , my mother ( 88 yrs . old ) uses it to open her milk with pull-out plug . she was unsure it would work but was pleasantly surprised that it did . 
no ! the bottom is open . 
i would say about 10 inches . 
no , the bottom is open 
its very small- similar to what convenience stores use for their hot dog condiments . i use it for the same thing- about a cup and a half to two cups of diced onions fits in one compartment . i put onions , tomatoes , shredded lettuce , and pickles or banana peppers in each when i do a party with sub sandwiches ( a six foot sandwich from walmart is about $ 32 and feeds a big party ) . its the cheapest way i 've found to feed a lot of people decent quality food and this little gadget is perfect for all the condiments ! 
these containers are not insulated . you could put yoghurt in them , it seals pretty well , but you would have to put them in with ice or `` blue ice . '' 
yes . 
no- i just filled one with water and turned it upside down , and nothing leaked out . it is a super tight seal 
the lids are plastic . i believe they are bpa-free . 
no , they are not insulated 
no it was made in china..i wish there was some way thati could have know.i prefer to buy american . 
not at all . 
i do n't know , but i power it on about 5-minutes before going to bed and press the ph ( pre-heat ) button . five minutes after going to bed it is hot enough for me to power off the unit . it is very , very nice blanket . 
i do n't think you need it . although i do have a comforter over mine but i am on a pourch with no heat . i dont have my blanket set over 5 or it to hot and i kick it off in the middle of the night 
it runs on a standard household plug . 110v . if the 220v has a standard plug then it would be ok 
two . 
yes 
no not without converter . resistive load of blanket is ok with 50 or 60 hertz . you just need to drop voltage to 120 volts . 
no . 
my fiance who is just under 120lbs and 23 years of age sat in these with my 4 year old niece . it held her just fine and i would say it could probably hold a little more . they are built strong . however , i would n't let anyone who is over 120 sit in them regularly . they are made for smaller children and not that large of a seat for older kids teenagers . 
12 1 2 inches at the front edge of the seat , 12-inches at the back edge of the seat . 
12 inches . 
i think is too thin to use on the hard ground and it is too bulky as well . 
my best advice would be to maybe try a 3 to 4in topper if your putting it on the futon . when fully aired out this topper is very comfortable on a regular mattress because its not too soft but not hard at all . if your futon is the same as the one i have in my den then not much will make that comfortable enough to sleep on unless you put a complete mattress on it with a mattress topper . so hopefully this response helped you in your shopping experience . 
it is 3 lbs . 
i put it under the mattress cover after it fully expanded . it took mine a full day to expand . 
no sure does n't , it unfloded very easy and my 26 yrs old son loves it , his job rotation is 2wks on day then nights so very impressed , had it smelled he would have taken it off . 
do n't have the exact dimensions as the toppers are at our cottage , and i 'm not there to measure them , but they are slightly smaller ( 1 1 2 inches ) than the twin mattress 
we bought a full size , so i can not answer the size question other than to say that on my son 's full there is n't any overage and only minimal shortage . as to a roll away bed . i have two , have never used the cover for the roll-a-ways but , i do n't see any reason why it would not work for them or even for a sleeper sofa over the mattress . it arrives fairly compressed and takes a day to decompress . keep that in mind if you are going to keep it folded up most of the time . i would n't use it alone for any reason - camping , floor etc . 
to date , i have not experienced any sweating on the memory foam mattress . because of strategically placed bands of holes , body heat is wicked away from the body , making you quite comfortable even on extremely hot nights . i love the topper , and have not found any problems or concerns with it . i hope this helps in your decision . 
i weigh a bit more than that and the memory foam topper helped ease the hardness of my mattress . 
i bought mine on august 5th or 6th and i got mine on august 8th ! i was surprised to find this in my house today , because when i tracked this item online , my expected delivery date was n't untill august 11th-14th , so i was not expecting it till next week , but i guess amazon prime works for this.. ? i am not too sure . 
three adult ... . cats ? sure , no problem . three adult humans ? maybe if all three are anorexic , but even then , it 'd be a tight fit . it 's 6 feet long by 3.25 feet wide . average shoulder width of a male is 1.5 feet . this was designed for one person . two people can sleep on it at once , if needed , but three will be a game of twister . 
the cover is not flimsy and it is removable so you can unzip it and put it to wash. i use twin sheet sets on it and it works just as fine . i 'm not sure if a futon cover would work . good luck . 
the mattress is shipped rolled and vacuum sealed . once you cut through the vacuum , it will unroll and over 20-30 minutes expand to its specified dimensions . 
i think anyone less than 5.8 feet tall and less than 170 pounds . its better on carpet and great for short sleepovers or lounging in front of the tv . 
38 '' x 75 '' 
no 
this product is only available in this single size . 
yes it would be a good bed for a large dog - not too squishy or soft 
no . 
i have n't tried it but yes , you just have to leave enough space between the mattress and the wall to allow the part that will become the back rest to lean back and stay up . also , the seat will be pretty low to the ground . right now i have all three sections folded against the walls with two standard pillows as a backrest , i love it ! 
we ship from california . depending where you are located , it can differ . to ship to the east coast , it takes well around 5-7 business days . anywhere in the central states , it takes about 4-6 business days . west coast is very quick , within 2-3 business days . if you place the order prior to 9:00am pacific time , your order will ship out the same day . if it 's any time after , it will ship out the following business day . 
honestly the density is like one of those large sponges you use to wash your car . i do n't know if that sounds good to you but it is really very comfortable . it is dense enough that even someone in the 180 lb range would not feel the mattress underneath it . i think it adds a great level of cushy comfort to an existing mattress . 
hey gabriela , looks like that sofa bed was designed for only the cushions that came with it , in the closed position . i know of no way to add the memory foam , and have the sofa bed close correctly . i would just roll up the memory form , and store it else where until it 's needed . not sure if you were able to leave it on the sofa bed , that when the sofa is closed for a long period of time , that the compression of the closed sofa bed , might have some adverse affects on the memory foam . sorry , wish i could be more help , and good luck ! ! 
no ! i have mine right under my fitted sheet . works great ! 
not exactly sure how to answer this question , but the one i purchased was specifically for a sofa sleeper . it pretty much fit perfectly ( slightly larger ) . i believe it would be short on a full size bed . 
possibly ... it really depends on the person 's sleeping preferences . for the sofa sleeper , this provides a soft , but pliable feel - really taking away the feeling of the springs and crossbar design of the sofa sleeper . 
unfortunately it does not , i believe the 3 inch one does . 
yes . i have an x-tra firm mattress that i could n't sleep on and this improved it soooo much ... . 
i believe you can . it may take a few minutes to `` poof '' up , but it folds really nicely without tearing . 
i really do n't know . how well it sleeps on its own because i bought it to `` soften '' up a very firm mattress . but i do think you could roll it up and take it on a camping trip . when it is delivered , it is compressed down for shipping . once it is opened and expands to size it should be easy to roll , just might be bulkier at full size ... . 
i dont know the actual measurments but i have a king size bed and it just lays over the sides like and inch or two not like the picture ... but i love it anyway ! 
yes i do , they were rolled up inside the blanket . my youngest is wild about cows lol ... 
well i ca n't help with the actual measurements because i bought the blanket as a gift but i bought the king size and it was n't as big as i thought it would be . it totally covers my friends king size bed but does n't cover the side of the bed . whether you have a queen or king i would just suggest the king size . but it 's super soft and my friend loves it . 
it 's less than a half inch . pretty thin maybe 3 8 to a 1 4 but it is warm . 
9 '' x 15 '' x 2 1 2 '' . there are 5 slots , each holding 10 capsules . it is a perfect draw to hold your capsules . 
dear wayne , they are not build to use it this way . i looked at mine again to see how it could work . if you put something thin and not slippery on the lower one it should hold the upper one . they have 4 little `` stoppers '' ( do n't know how it 's called ) underneath which makes them stand safely . as the upper part is slightly rounded the `` stoppers '' of the upper one would stay a bit over to the left and right side . that 's why it would need an other kind of stopping material in between . ( i hope my answer is not too confusing ) 
no . all very sturdy plastic with a grippy , no slip top for the keurig . 
sure is- can hold 36 pods 
i am not soo sure but i think it can because i have a nespresso pixie which is smaller in size and weighs a little less when compared to new keurig 2.0 
i do n't know , i 've never used or seen what you asked about . each drawer holds 12 k-cups , for a total of 36. that 's all i can tell you . sorry . 
i am not familiar with tassimo t-pods . sorry 
yes , it 's 6 pods wide 
it comes empty - you buy them separately and fill it yourself . 
yes , easily . 
it is 13 `` wide by 12 `` deep , and 2 `` high 
yes 
yes , we bought this with the bunn my cafe mcu and some variety packs of k-cups . it all fits nicely in one spot on the counter top . the bunn my cafe fits on top of it comfortably with room to spare and holds the weight of the bunn easily . we found it was much better for saving counter space than having a carousel type of k-cup holder , which is important in our kitchen . hope this helps ! 
fits perfectly & # 128077 ; ! ! i have my k75 platinum 2 days before i purchased this storage drawer , really nice on both set up together & # 128516 ; 
the vue anchor drawers fits 48 tassimo t-discs ! mind reader 
it is too tall ( at least with my standard cupboards ) to open the top and load the cups . but it actually slides out pretty easily on my countertop , so it does n't bother me . 
yes . they do . i have a few and i keep them in there . 
13.5 x 12.8 x 3.2 inches ; 4.8 pounds 
no , all three drawers are divided and the dividers are not removable . 
hi ! if your plates do n't already have holes , yes , you 'll need to drill holes in them . if the plates are too thick and heavy , these rods will not support them very well . good luck ! 
that seems about right , but it 's not metal . okay for the price 
sorry as we 've tried our best to keep low price , there 's no further discount . 
induction ranges require steel iron cores in the pans . the description says aluminum construction so no these most likely will not work at all on an induction cooktop . ( it is unlikely that they put steel , which is a poor heat conductor , inside the aluminum which is an excellent heat conductor . ) 
if you look closely at the image amazon posted , it gives a true picture of what you receive - so no worries there . the stock pot , the saut pan , and the two sauce pans all have glass lids ; the two frying pans do *not* . however , if needs be , the lid of the large sauce pan will fit the smaller frying pan ; and the lid of the saut pan will do well enough for the large frying pan ( the lid sits nicely just a bit below the edge of the frying pan ) . none of the lids have vent holes , but they still sit securely if you want to shift the lid slightly for venting . hope that helps . it 's a very good set and i like it a lot . 
in my opinion ... it is definitely a nice set and priced well below others of the same like paula dean and rachel ray..however - when we received the items the stock pot was damaged with a dent . the packaging was fine so it didnt happen during shipping . my wife has been in contact with the distributor and is not impressed with them . they wanted a picture of the damaged item , so she took one with her iphone and sent it to them . they replied with 'the picture isnt good enough , send another ' she refused and they in turn escalated the matter . whomever she spoke with next said that the picture was good enough and they would be contacting her about sending a replacement to her . that was last week - she sent another email the other day and i have yet to hear the results of that . so purchase at your own risk unfortunately . she does like the set very much but is not impressed with their customer service . 
yes 
i do n't think you can put them in the oven . i never have and would n't , the handles do n't feel like the could take it . but , i do love this cookware . 
yes , there are . 
yes 
we have a glass top stove and so far we have had no issues . i was suggest to pick up a pan and move it over to another burger instead of sliding it . we love the pans . 
9 and 11 inches 
i 'm not sure i understand the question . if you 're asking if you can put the dutch oven in the microwave the answer is no . it 's metal and ca n't go in the microwave . 
scroll down the product 's page and you '' ll find it under features and details . cheers ! 
i do n't know the exact measurements but they always appear on the description of the article 
it is an off white . i would n't classify it as cream . it looks great with white but the back ground is not pure white . 
i do n't think so - it was a gift for someone so i can not look at it . 
it is a creamy greenish yellow . we have captured the color in a photo . please e-mail me at sandyswimmer @ comcast.net so i can send photo to you . sandy 
the rim is 10 1 2 inches from outside to outside . the inside measurement is 9 1 16 inches . hope this is useful to you . 
inexpensive very light weight plastic 
it is not glass , it is hard plastic , but it looks very much like glass just alot lighter . 
as long as it is not over 5 inches 
less than 1lbs , all cheap plastics do n't buy it . 
the base fits snugly into the stand so it does n't slide . a couple of times i picked up the stand and the bottom base did n't come with it . just pick it up from the very bottom part . 
yes , re-usable straws do fit . at least the one 's i have do : epica stainless steel 
it is n't lipped like a measuring cup but liquids do pour out fairly neatly . 
you can drink out of it like a sippy cup , no straw needed , but it is not leakproof . it helps in the spilling amount , more so with the straw . 
the one pack has one and the two pack has two . 
i have put mine in the dishwasher since i have had it and have n't noticed any effect it 's had on it . i do n't know what the company recommends . 
i honestly ca n't answer that . i use regular old plastic drinking straws with mine when i need to . but normally i use mine for hot liquid so no straws used . sorry i ca n't be more help . maybe ask the seller . they 'd know better . 
the jar must be a canning jar and i only got one . mine fit with a ring . 
unfortunately , this is for 1. because they have basically included the price for shipping into the price of the lid . i 've seen these lids for $ 7.95 on other sites but then they charge $ 3-4 for shipping . so it 's the same . 
we would use the normal bands you get in the store . just dry them after washing . we put ours through the dishwasher and they do not rust . maybe the water in your area has minerals that cause oxidation in which case hand washing and drying would be important . 
firm plastic ! rigid and built to last a lifetime . 
you betchya ! that 's what i use ! just depends if wide mouth or regular mouth , but the rings fit snug and the lid does n't leak ! 
no , just a photo of the front and back of the package . you will receive one . 
you most certainly can ! i do top rack when i am at home but newer machines have snazzy gadget racks or special spaces in the door i have successfully used while house sitting . so far , so good . : ) 
in the picture provided by amazon , the lids have the diamond shape , but if you are buying from a private seller , they may be selling the older cuppow lids with the slit so be sure to clarify if that matters to you . do an image search for cuppow lids and you can see the difference . 
hi jackie ! this is my normal use for my cuppow lid . i ordered two so i could use one for juice and one for coffee tea . i found that they are stain , odor and taste resistant . we juice a lot of beets and they dont stain these lids lid . dish soap does n't even stick to these so i never have a soapy smelling or tasting sip . : ) 
no , it does n't have a closure and will spill . i know from experience . 
no 
it has only a hole for sipping and a smaller hole for venting . it looks just like the lid of most coffee cups that you get at coffee shops . 
hi lisa , i do that all the time , but , you have to make sure to close tight the mug in order to avoid spill out the content of your mason jar . 
this is tzseller , thank you for your question , the product dimensions is 10.5 '' ( l ) x 6.625 '' ( w ) x 11.75 '' ( h ) thanks tz 
hi , this is tzseller , thank you for your question , for part request please send us a email for detail . thanks tz 
hi , this is tzseller , thank you for your question , the cutter able to cut max up to 3.5 '' x 5 '' ( l ) . thanks tz 
it 's thin and pretty pliable . maybe even a little delicate but can be rolled easily and lies flat after being stored rolled . i used a shortened xmas paper roll for storage . 
sure , plastic ones work fine.i 've used metal ones , but only with soft dough that did n't require much pressure . i generally keep sharp tools away from the mat as i want it to last for a good long time . 
these are listed on amazon uk , france and germany as well as usa . you would need to check with amazon direct regarding the shipping cost 's . thanks for your enquiry . 
i have a very sensitive nose and my mat has no odor , just went and rechecked prior to typing this response , nothing . 
sorry i did not respond i was on vacation . this mat is made in canada by a industrial food and baking products manufaturer . it is good to +200 degrees and -40degrees . you can run it through the dishwasher too but i do n't . i love this mat ! 
i have n't cut anything on it . but i do believe their website says you can . 
i gave this as a gift and they were very pleased . said it cools off the patio by about 20 degrees . easy to use , they barely use any water pressure and it just blows a great mist . 
currently , we only have the replacements parts for nozzle plug , front grille , and motor head w power cord . but you can contact manufacturer directly to see if they have the replacement blades : 1-800-330-0388 monday to friday , from 8:00am to 4:30pm ( pst ) . 
absolutely . it 's both a dry and wet fan . 
there is no definite answer , but the unit is designed for regular consumer use . the standard water pressure for most residential are 35 to 80 psi . so anywhere in between would work . the misting nozzle used for this fan is a patented brass nozzle so it will produce fine mist regardless . we do n't know how much water this unit uses . 
i dont know what the warranty was , but our fan is awesome . love it . did have to clean out water deposit from one sprayer but it works great . 
2-200g + - 0.1g 200-500g + - 0.5g 500-2000g + - 1g 
your question is almost same as mine . now i am using it and i pour the hot water to this scale by mistake several times . but it is working well now . so , there is no problem for ordinary using . and if you can use the drip station from hario ( acrylic model ) with this scaler , the drip station may cover almost open area . happy brewing ! ! 
it is powered only with 2 aaa batteries and has no jack for an ac adaptor . 
its actual measurements are 190mm x 120mm x 26mm . in inches thats around 7 1 2 x 4 3 4 x 1 . 
you do n't have to calibrate . it only measures in grams . i use it to measure coffee by taring it with the empty container from my grinder and then adding however many beans i want ( for me , usually 17 grams ) and then run the measured beans through the grinder . i also put my chemex on this to measure how much water i 'm adding . 
no 
although the scale takes a bit of time to catch up when pouring quickly , i 've had no issues with the timer . still very happy with the purchase and recommend to anyone looking for a quality scale . http : www.hario.jp pickup.html 
per hario north america , they are due in next month . they advised me , however , that that could change ... 
only metric . best for precise measurement every time . 
hi . it is my store sushi samurai . hario vss-1t acrylic stand and hario vdc-02w v60 ceramic coffee dripper is also good when purchased together . 
i do n't think that would work . this has rusted very quickly for me and the appearance is very disappointing . 
since no one else has answered i 'll chime in with an estimate . we returned the caddy because it would n't work in our application , but the baskets were n't huge . if i recall correctly , about 4-5 inches deep , about 6-7 wide , and about 4 inches high . they 're big enough to hold some 'big ' bottles of shower-product , but that one big product would be all you could fit on the shelf . again , that 's my recollection . i 'm just answering since no one else has so take it with a grain of salt until someone else provides comment . 
unless u have a soap dish to rest it in inside this contraption then no . nothing loose and slippery will hold in it . 
each basket adjusts individually , but they all tend to slide back and forth if bumped . 
it is not essential because it comes with a couple of suction cups that can be attached to either side to keep it balance . 
i do n't know your knob situation so i ca n't comment on that . for me , the knobs are probably 5 inches below the caddy . as for adjusting the shelves each shelf ( all 4 ) adjusts individually about 5 or so inches ( the width of the basket ) in either direction , horizontally . unless i there are things i have n't discovered .. it does n't adjust vertically . 
answered in previous question above 
yeah they have suctions but they do stick well . 
22 long ,3 1 2 deep , opens to 13 1 2 , closed 10 , the best is it has 4 hooks locks in hand held shower head line 
yes , in the photos on amazon it shows it without a handheld . great caddy ! 
yes extremely easy , you take the cover off and you pull the filter out by the the plastic tab on top of the filter . it takes less than a second . 
the water window is plastic . this from cuisinart : `` thank you for your inquiry . the water window for the dk-17 is plastic , and the dk-17 is bpa free . i do hope this answers your inquiries '' 
the inside of the kettle is all stainless steel , except for the plastic window 
yes , when the water reaches the boiling point the switch that turns it on automatically shuts off . 
china - as usual 
when filling from the water dispenser on my refrigerator , yes , the handle gets in the way - but i solved that problem by filling the kettle through the spout , instead of the lid . in fact , i never detach the lid except to clean with vinegar water every several months to keep it scale free . 
i do n't think the bottom gets hot . the electric heat comes from a nob in the bottom plate , transferring to a coil in the water compartment . 
it removes , very good kettle ! 
three . 
i have used it virtually everyday for the past several months and have never had a problem . no concern of burning from the steam whatsoever . cheers ! ! 
there are six parts in total . however i use my own glass instead of the beaker and i place a plastic bag in the rubish container , cutting down the pieces that need to be cleaned to four . 
yes , it can . however , there will be a lot of waste because there will be a lot of juice left in the waste container . i would not recommend using this brand and model . 
i never tried ... i always cut them up . other than kale and spinach this machine works well . i suppose if the while apple fit into the opening and you do not mind the core being in your pulp it would be sting enough to push it through . vague i realize , but i hope it helps . 
500 watts , but i dont recommended it , i recommend cuisinart cje-1000 1000-watt 5-speed juice extractor . 
it should come out when you lift the top of it off . if not , just grab it with both hands and pull up , gravity should do the rest . or what you can try is using the machine as leverage with your hands to pry it off . place your hands so that your thumb and forefinger are on the mesh filter and the edge of your hand where your pinky is onto the machine itself . then push up with your forefinger and thumb while simultaneously bringing the edge of your hands closer to the machine . it creates sort of lever to push up the mesh and pop it off . 
hey , shirley . i have n't used it for carrots , but judging by how it take whole apples i 'd say that carrots would do just fine . 
yes raw beets , stalks and all , juice beautifully with no problems . 
feed tube is just under 3 '' in diameter , and can be continual feed . 
no , it is not pulp free . my work so poorly i threw it in the trash and got rid of it . 
hi , the voltage is 110 so i would n't buy it . i am pretty sure you can find excellent juicer in germany or elsewhere in europe . you could use a transformer but it might damage the motor after a while and if anything happens while it 's guaranteed , it will be such a pain to return the product . and you will most likely pay taxes when the juicer arrives in germany which could be expensive . i am french and have lived in different countries in europe and i ordered once something in usa and the taxes were so expensive . anyway , this is just an advice . 
`` large '' as in thick or as in tall ? it can handle bagels with ease , so thickness of bread is not a problem . as for the height , i make my own homemade bread in a bread machine and have to cut about an inch or so off the top for the entire piece of bread to toast . 
cord comes out just under the buttons . i call that the end . toaster sets against my counter wall and i plug in along that wall . my old one plugged in that way too , but the cord was too short to reach the plugin . the cuisinart has a longer cord and reaches the plugin . hope that helps . 
if you use the cord clip on the bottom , the cord exits out the right side of the toaster . the cord is approximately 34 '' and can be shortened by wrapping it around posts on the bottom . 
900 watts 
yes it is . we arev very pleased with this purchase . 
yes 
no , it toast on both sides , but it has been my experience that the inside coils gets hotter than the outside coils . i always put a bagel or english muffin with the cut sides facing the middle and they come out great . i am very pleased with toast that is a little darker on one side and i find that between 3 and 4 on the setting makes great toast , and if you use the bagel button , they come out perfect . 
the price was good and it had the features i wanted . it has wider slots for bagels and it 's pretty hard to burn the toast . i am very happy that i did purchase this toaster as it does everything that i hoped for . 
i make muffin all the time and i set it on 4 and use the bagel setting 
yes but this toaster has toasted unevenly . i would not recommend it . 
i have only toasted 2 consecutive full toasters of bread not 4 or 5 , but for 2 the results are comparable . in other words , the second batch is consistent with the first in toasting level . 
the cord comes out the bottom in the front but then can be wrapped around in the cord slot underneath to take up slack and exit in any direction . 
i have the 2-slice model , not the 4-slice , but the dots on my model do not light up . 
i do n't have the 4 slot version . but , the 2 slot version does n't beep . the toast just pops up when finished . 
yes..have not noticed any heat at all . 
it stays the same after toasting one has to manually move it in order to change the setting . 
i have the two slice one , when you press lets say bagel , the bagel button will come on . must be a defect i am sure when you press toast there should be a blue light that tells you what you are toasting..as in reheat the blue light comes on . guess you will have to send it back.. 
the bagel function works great it does toast both sides , the toast function works ok but sometimes does not brown evenly , we would buy it again.defrost works very well also . 
that is an anti-corrosive coating on the metal heating elements that burns off after the first extended heat-up . it 's along trip by boat from the far east . make sure the toaster slots are cleared of all packing material anyway , and clear the crumb trays ( in back ) once a week . do n't turn the dials up past 4-5 to start ... low and slow toasts best , english muffins toast twice . 
10 wide ; 10 '' deep ; 7 '' high -love this toaster . 
i put the big ones in the top rack of my dishwasher all the time and have not had a single problem . the color stays , they get clean , and they stay sharp . i have also put the yellow and green ones in the bottom rack where the silverware goes and still have n't had an issue . 
no they are metal with a high quality paint . they are very nice knives and still very happy with the purchase 6 months later . 
well i bought these knife back in december of last year and they are as sharp as the day i bought them , ( yr later ) my husband stands very firm on chicago cutlery knifes , some time down the road u will need them sharpened.my husband used a wet stone and it worked great . after 15 yrs still going strong . know you asked if the color will scrape off i ca n't honestly answer that , because i have n't sharpened these color one 's yet ... but im thinking that the color will come off because it is only the top surface that is color coated to match the handle . ( but only the part that is sharpened ) hope this help you in any way , god bless you and your family at this thanksgiving time and also have a very merry christmas ... .tammy 
i think they would be . they are good quality knives that seem to hold an edge fairly well . plus , they have an appealing look . 
these knives require periodic sharpening . i do n't know your kitchen habits as compared to mine , so what works for me may not work for you . but here are my thoughts on chicago cutlery vivid knives ... they sharpen easily ( i use a smith diamond encrusted sharpener with coarse and fine grits . i do n't have to use it very often . ) and they 're easy to keep sharp with a sharpening steel . these are easy to care for ... use a steel and sharpener regularly and you wo n't have a problem keeping them sharp . after several months of use i do n't see any chipping of the color coating . and i prefer these knives to a couple of low end j a henckels that i have . 
the glasses do n't seem to effect the taste at all . 
filled to the brim .. 12 ounces ! yay ! lol ! 
i 've never measured . they look the same size as my other red wine glasses . 
absolutely ! 
normal white wine glass height . 
yes 
my vizio is 55 inches and it fits no problem . 
i have a 60 '' plasma on it with no problems . 
i pretty sure it does not have feet , but i do n't honestly recall . i actually have mine mounted on the wall . it sits about a foot & 1 2 from the ground . 
no you ca n't . and to be honest it 's the cheapest peace of furniture i have ever seen . 
closer to black . 
the drawers are pretty big . i filled one with about 50 dvds . 
no 
it actually is pretty dark . it is brown and not black though . but , again , it is a dark shade of brown . i would warn you that is is a very low profile center . it does n't stand very high off the floor so i would take that into account and make sure it wo n't be too small for the location you are putting it in . also , because some assemble required . i 'd recommend not tightening down the screws on the top so that it 's easily removed . that makes setting up the wiring behind it much easier and you 'll have less chance of damaging it when you 're adjusting things . 
check the specs of the product on the website..it should be there . 
it 's in the product description . 
the cap snaps closed secure not to drip when tilted . it remains attached when lifted up . no loose parts . the lid is like a little lever that lifts the lid up and can stay there on its own . or snap shut . i like it more than cork bottles or those flipping lids . these do not drip and leak all over . i cook a lot and fell in love when i bought these . they were supposed to be a temporary fix and i ended up keeping the set and ordering more for gifts . my mother now uses it and loves it as well . 
350 ml each -- just short of 12 ounces ( about 11.8 ounces ) . 
approx . 7.25 inches . at top widens a little to 7.5 
it is not round at the bottom . i is oval 2 3 4 inches x 2 inches . indentation along the side make for a nice hand hold . 
china 
no . 
i do n't have the exact measurements but they are shorter than those normal generic glass oil and vinegar sets . wait , just checked the description and it 's 10.25 '' 26cm h 
http : www.mycuisina.com 
i have not tried , but imagine the glass would be fine in the dishwasher . i would not was the tops even if it says dishwasher safe . 
no no need for that 
they come in sets of two . one is 10x14 and the other is 9 13 . 
the trays are too small to use as dinner trays , and are not bamboo as they claim . they are nesting trays , and one is so small it only fits a salad plate and mug , at the most . they have a veneer , and if they get wet , the veneer rubs off . not real bamboo . do n't waste your money . the `` height '' or lip is maybe 3 4 inch , and they were like made in china . 
i am traveling now but this answer is accurate smaller than the average plate . one tray is larger than the other for storage purposes . even the bigger of the too plates was too small for my dinner ware . jenna m. answered on july 3 , 2014 
they are in storage . but , they are nice but not as large as a regular food tray . 
14.5 x 11 inches 
the price is for 1 pcs , not for 8. we are random ship it out . 
4-5 days 
the bird house , the bird and a ring to put your keys . that 's it . the color of the bird is ... random ! think about this before , i got one of the colors that i wanted so ... perfect ! 
it reclines almost completely flat , but can stop anywhere from straight up to lying back flat . it 's very comfortable . 
devri , it shipped in 1 box , was a bit oversized but very manageable between 2 people . basic tools are needed such as a screwdriver ; my brother assembled the few pieces casually within 10minutes . the chair was purchased for my 60yr old diabetic father who is in love with it . the drink cooler works very well and the chair is very comfortable . if i had the room , i would order it for myself . you wo n't be disappointed in the quality and design . 
no . most of the electric reclyners do not seem to . great chair for the price . just not as plush as the non electric ones . 
my husband says his wireless mouse works great on the armrest for him . the more he reclines the more room he says he has . 
we leave ours on , except when we leave for several days or more . the reason we do this is because the first chair that we received started opening and closing on its own . amazon replaced it , but i would n't want one to start that in our absence . 
there is no heat just massage . i am 300lb , 6'7 '' and i fit ok. it is a little short but still very comfortable . 
the legs and the backrest open and close in sequence . you can not control them individually . when you press the 'open ' button - the legs are risen first while your backrest is straight . when the legs are all up - the backrest slides back . when closing - it 's reverse tracks the order . hope this helps . 
about two inches . when the chair goes into recline mode the seat and back move forward so there is almost no change in the seat back position relative to the wall . 
i am also 6 5 and i fit in it fine . my only complaint is that its a little stiff ... but i probably need to break it in . hope that helps 
yes . i love this chair and have had nothing but joy . why did the price increase ? is it because they realize what a bargain it was ? 
none 
i weigh 285 and it seems to handle me just fine . the chair does tip forward when i have it fully reclined and lean forward to grab something . this is not a problem though if you put the chair back in the upright position . i am happy with the chair and would buy it again so far . i did not look to see what the chair was made out of but it seems solid and my backrest is still tight . if you are concerned , get the 5 year , everything covered , insurance upon purchase . then if it falls apart on you , file the insurance claim and they will fix or replace it . 
all leather . i ca n't stand recliners that look vinyl or cheap , but this one looks really nice and has so many other great features . 
far enough to sleep comfterably and you can sit the chair flush with the wall and it will still recline that way you dont have the chair sticking out in the room when its closed 
it is not uncomfortable at all . we barely use the massager , but find the comfort and the reclining function really great . 
seriously ... ? 
it has variable vibrating massage . it goes through about a 10-minute cycle ... going slower , than faster , etc . let me know if you have any other questions . the chair is very comfortable and i 'm pleased with the purchase ! 
the chair arrives in 1 box . the chair is in 2 pieces - the back and the seat . the pieces do not weigh much - a medium strength man can carry each piece easily . the back fits into brackets on the chair - easy assembly . 
no storage in arms 
no i have n't had that problem and my laptop is plugged into the same power strip 
hello marty , i found a quick set-up guide at sunbeam.com . here is the link : http : www.sunbeam.com service- % 26-support product-support instruction-manuals bedding blankets bedding-blankets-manual.html . once there click on : brf9h-master - sunbeam quilted fleece heated blanket manual . this will open a pdf that you can print . hope this helps . 
the label says it is 135 watts . 
1. is it plugged in to a functioning outlet ? 2. is it turned on ( light on after pushing top left button on control ) ? 3 ) have you selected a temperature ( bottom right button on control ) ? if the answer to all three is positive , your blanket may be defective ( mine works when all answers are affirmative ) 
yes , it does . it can be annoying on days when you want to sleep-in ( and be in bed longer than the 10 hours ) as the bed does start to get cold on you after it shuts off . most days , though , this is very nice as i often forgot to shut it off and it always scared me with 3 cats and 1 dog indoors . 
coffee brown . 
no , this pan is aluminum . you need a ferrous metal pan - it needs to be magnetic , so check all pans with a magnet - if it sticks , it will work on your cook top . 
thid cookware has an extremely durable nonstick coating and is very easy to clean - i highly recommend tramontina ! 
the bottom of the pan says made in usa . really nice pan ! 
there are lids that fit . i had several in my pantry from old fry pans , so i did n't have to purchase a new one . keep searching 
it holds up great ! i have a 12 ' , two 10 ' and one 8 ' pan . love them . 
i am not a pineapple upside down cake expert , but what i do know is that the cooking instructions combined the ingredients and brought them to a specific state as best suited the taste of the original recipe maker . in my experience , no cake is done until you can stick a wooden toothpick into the middle of it and pull it out clean . this does , however , sound like a perfect opportunity to bake three cakes , one at 400 for 15 minutes , and one at 350 until the toothpick comes out clean , and one at 325 for 30 minutes . do it for science , and then try the cakes , share them with friends and let them vote on the best cake - make that note in the recipe and then move on to say pop ups or yeast rolls with jelly ( or jam ) fruit fillings . this made me hungry thanks for asking ! 
yes , these pans are dishwasher safe as long as you slide the rubber hand grip off before washing . the grip is desighned to be removed for that purpose . i would also make sure that when you load it into the dish washer that you do not stack any metal pan , pot , etc ... in front of it that might bump against the non stick surface and scratch it during the wash cycle . 
i have a glass cooktop and it works well . as far as the oven , you can slide the handle off and i have put it in a 450 degree oven for 10-15 minute periods . i have used tramontina for years , the pans are light and easy to use and heat . 
12 '' 
we have the 8 , 10 and 12 inch pans . approximate bottom widths which contact the burner are 5.5 , 7.5 and 9.5 inches respectively . 
almost all tramontina pans are now made in brazil , 
i have a bunch of these pans and have't had much issue with the 10 '' pans warping , but the 12 '' pan has warped significantly . i have an electric range and they work great . 
linda , the constrution of the pans is identical , and food will cook the same in them . on the prima pan , however , which is the one i purchased , there is an edge around the pan 's edge intended to make it easier to pour liquids from the pan . it works okay , and since the prices are similar i 'd go for it . by the way , as for the pan itself , this skillet has literally changed the way i cook . its heat-retaining core is efficient and heats and cooks evenly . the size of the 12 '' skillet will allow you to add a full pound of pasta to your sauteed ingredients with pasta water to finish your dish . it browns food better than any pan i 've ever had , and i find myself looking for excuses to use it instead of my very expensive ( and nice , but just not the same ) saute pan . if you 're a serious cook , you need this , and there 's no reason to spend more for all-clad or any other pricey brand . finally , this pan is beautiful , and cleans up easily with a squirt of liquid barkeeper 's friend liquid cleaner along with your dishwashing foam or liquid after a short soak . 
yes , it is , dorothy , and the atk 's conclusion was that there is no reason to pay more for the all-clad tri-ply skillet . i 've used it almost daily for almost a year , and it would not be an exaggeration to say that it 's changed the way i cook . it 's made me more willing to experiment with new techniques and recipes , and improved the quality of my cooking . i chose the flared-edge model to make it easier to pour liquids from my pan , and i recommend this feature . it 's even made my lean-up easier . i 'm considering buying a second one , since the pan is oven-safe to 500 degrees f , i can finish a dish in the oven and still have a skillet for stovetop . 
for purposes of matching cookware to a smooth-top stove burner , the flat portion of the skillet bottom is 8 1 4 '' . that , of course , is approximately the diameter of the pan 's flat cooking area . the lip 's outside diameter is 13 '' ; its inside diameter is 11 3 4 '' , though neither of those measurements tells you anything about the pan 's capacity . 
the pan is made in brazil . 
unfortunately , there is n't a lid available for this pan . the diameter of the pan is 12 inches across , but because of the flared edge and angle of the fry pan - other lids in this line are a bit on the small side . if you are looking for a shallow pan with a lid , you may want to think about purchasing the prima 5.5 qt covered deep saute pan . it does not have the sloped shape , but it can accommodate similar functions as the 12 inch fry pan , and it also has a lid to cover your food . we hope this information proves helpful for you . 
laura , as indicated by the induction icon on tramontina 's website , prima tri-ply base cookware is compatible with induction cooking . http : www.tramontina-usa.com prima-use % 20and % 20care.html 
no problem with sticking , but it must be realized that proper methods of use must be observed . it should be heated and then turned down since it is an even heated pan that holds heat properly . also works best as a saute braizing pan as designed . never had a problem with clean up . it does help to clean when pan is still warm -- not hot . i thought i would never give up cast iron , but i did . 
i never did eggs or omelets in this pan . i have sauteed various foods and if enough oil or butter is used it does n't stick . even if something does stick , it cleans up very easily . i will say it is a pretty hefty pan and hard for me to lift but i 'm 72 and have arthritis so for anyone without any health issues this would not be a problem . all in all , pretty satisfied . 
yes it is . works great ! 
yes 
no 
the orange canister has a full bag indicator light . the lime green one does not . otherwise , they 're the same machine except for color . you really need to check the bag yourself on a regular basis , so why pay more ? unless you hate green . : ) 
hi ... i have one just like this one , but it 's orange . i had another one somewhat like this one that i used until it fell apart , it was white and orange . they do n't make any other canister vacuums like these , so , anything current my selling is typically the latest and greatest . this model i have in orange , and it is amazing as far as vacuums go . put a new bag in and the darn thing will clean your floors or carpets to within an inch of its life . but for the life of me i ca n't find a model number on it anywhere ! but it 's the exact same as what 's pictured ! i would send you a picture , but i have no idea how through this correspondence . 
find your receipt and take it in for service . once it 's looked at they will then tell you to take it where you bought it for a replacement with a similar model . it 's considered un repairable . 
kenmore bag `` c '' 
no 
it has 12 amps . 
no.don , t buy . purchase the orange one.it has better features . 
it works well on floors and carpet . 
yes 
yes it actually does in my experience after few months of use but it remains very easy to clean . an egg wo n't really slide anymore while cooking but would clean easily after with a jet of water 
i am not sure . possibly italy . i will let you know that it is the best pan that i have ever used . i have an electric stove which i hate but when i use these pans the stove works better . cheaper to buy a couple of pans than a gas stove . 
the non-stick coating is ceramic based . hence , there is no ptfe in the product . we now have a total of 4 of the pans , and , they are the best my wife and i have ever used . we are aged late 50 's , so , we have used many pots and pans in our lives . 
nice depth for all foods i prepare . use a larger one instead of a wok . think you 'll enjoy this pan . pamela 
the one i bought is 12 '' 
most certainly , if not from amazon then from company , tramontina . the gourmet is a very good pan.my wife wanted those for christmas and she loves them . 
no they do not pull after a few washings . as to feeling like silk , i think they feel great , but silk is a matter of taste ( close to silk ) 
my guess is single ply , i sleep in the middle of the bed and these are already getting rough feeling . i bet they are going to start pilling . 
they are beyond irregular . they are made completely wrong . the top sheet does not go from the top to the bottom . it 's twice as wide as it is long . totally to be avoided . 
do n't order from here ! they are not soft , came flawed and i was unable to get any customer service from the seller ! 
china 
one queen oversized flat sheet measures - 94 '' x 106 '' thank you , mohammad customer service 
these sheets are not wrinkle free . follow the washing instructions as stated on the care label and as far as the wrinkles goes , it all depends on how fast you take them out of the dryer . thank you paulina customer service 
this sheet is single ply . thank you , paulina customer service 
yes 
hi gloria . i have found no adjustment for strengh of the coffee . you can only select the cup size . i have tried brewing another cup using the previously used k-cup ; however , it comes out `` watered down '' . my suggestion is to find a milder or stronger type as you desire . 
you ca n't . the smaller the cup , the stronger the coffee . 
you have to use k-cup style in order to fit in the machine however many brands of coffee offer the k-cup format . the coffee maker comes with a reusable k-cup that can be filled with your favorite coffee if your brand does n't have k-cups or you want to save money . 
yes , using filters is done like coffee , thanks for your inquiry 
yes . the filter is in the water reservoir . 
i use all kinds of k cups just not the vue . 
you do n't have that choice . i usually use the 10 oz for ice coffee and use the strong bold coffee , like freanch roast and now bustelo has an expresso k kup 
we dump water into the reservoir when low . if your faucet is hooked up to a filter you 'll be all set . 
no you must purchase that separately 
not a specific setting to adjust . automatic one temperature . no problems with it being scalding hot if that is your concern . 
approx . 11 ounces empty -- -- use them everyday and have no problems with them 
no printing or snything raised on the bottom mine are smooth and plain 
shiny 
not really . they are nice mugs with ordinary heat keeping ability . 
they were a gift for a friend . i do n't know the height but they were 12 oz . 
we did n't keep them long enough to find out . the quality was so bad that we sent then back . 
no 
the surface is very hard , smooth , and shiny . it looks like cups i 've seen with logos , etc . do n't really know what 's required for inkjet decals . 
i decorated the mugs per instructions on pinterest using special ceramic paint pens , then baked them as instructed . baking did not damage them . however , the paint began washing off immediately and after two or three washes , were completely back to the original mugs -- no design left . 
this grinder has metal gears . 
it is 500 watts . which converts to .67 hp 
it has a 1 year warranty from date of purchase against all defects in material and workmanship . it has card in box you mail in with copy of purchase reciept . 
amazon 
yes , it is separate . it is in no way attached to the bed above it . 
no it does not . 
regular twin size mattress 
you should have no problem with this trundle , the measurements for the daybeds are pretty close . i have an 8-inch thick mattress on my trundle . 
assembly is required , but my 15 year old put it together herself so it was not all that difficult to do . 
it fit perfectly under our twin but we did have to use bed raisers on the twin ( it sat low ) to get this to fit under it due to the bars on each side . 
only the trundle . i was confused too , expecting both . 
no it does not , hope this helps 
the day bed i would say 200lbs and the trundle is on the floor so more weight could be held . 
it 's 14.5 '' from floor to base . hope that helps . 
just a regular twin mattress . no box spring needed 
it has metal slats . 
18 to 20 inches 
yes my 19 year old son sleeps on it with no problems . he is about 175lbs . 
so far , not at all . i would check the bolts now and then to make sure they are tight , though . always a good idea . 
no 
no , it does not . 
no 
metal 
no . there are no holes on the ladder side for the slide . 
no . it is a full twin bed . i often end up sleeping in it with my 6 year old when he has bad dreams . 
it 'll cover a 5 feet area and you 'll need another 4 feet at least for `` landing space '' . great loft bed ! 
you could place a twin size matters under it but it would have to be for a very small kids as the area under is short . 
we put an 8 inch mattress on it for our daughter and it was level with the metal railing . she could have easily rolled out of bed and gotten hurt . so we opted for a thinner mattress so she wouldnt get seriously injured . 
you can take it off . there will just be a gap were the slide was supposed to be tho . 
nope . those are extras you can buy separately . 
my son loves it up the ladder and down the slide till he sleeps . cool little nook under the bed to play in to 
it 's a little over 2 feet . perfect little area for personal space for a little one . 
go to http : www.dhpfurniture.com eng instructions then enter the im number located on the sticker which is on the product itself to make sure you have the right manual . 
i used an 8in mattress to and there 's barely an inch or two left of the rail , especially if you use a bunky board . but my son never rolled over it and he 's been sleeping in it since he was 3 1 2 ( he 's 5 1 2 now ) . 
no it does n't . it 's not as high as it looks in the pictures . my 36 '' tall son ca n't stand under it , so we use it as storage for big toys . 
good question . i 'm not sure of the weight limit , but we have had two adults on it at the same time , equaling about 250 pounds . 
a regular twin . 
i think yes unless your 2 yr old already sleeps outside of a crib . we bought it for our son when he turned 3 and had already spent some time in a big boy bed : ) 
about 4 foot long . it sticks out approximatley 38 '' from the side of the bed . 
yes , it is metal . and it hold my 8 year old step son when he spends the night . and he weights about 70lbs . 
if you remove the slide there will be a gap were it was supposed to be . 
yes , i believe that you could as a twin fits in the top part which has the same dimensions . 
yes ... but it 's not the most helpful ( contradicts itself ) . basic instructions are 1 part rice to 2 parts water - brown and wild rices need a bit more water ... sometimes i add a bit more when it 's done cooking and let it stay on warm for a bit . i 'm sure you can find a manual online ... try here http : www.fixya.com support browse rice_cookers_and_steamers or maxi-matic.com 
when you use 8 cups uncooked rice , you end up with 16 cups cooked rice . 
yes , the the middle circular button on the front is white rice and the one on the right is brown wild rice ( the left on is one off ) . all you have to do is push the button . 
yes 
yes , it does . it comes with a tray and a wire rack that fits inside the tray . also , the top of the oven is a tray . it sets slightly above the top heating elements and can be used for either warming ( with the lid ) or cooking . it comes off the oven for cleaning . this is really a neat oven . 
no to both 
i measured 15 inches.. including the knob.. but you will have to lift the top lid off.. i love this rig , steam veggies in the top.. tortillas soft are really good.. only small bird though , no more that 7lb chicken . do n't pull out the rack too far or everything will fall on the floor . 
as long as i pre-heat oven per instructions everything thus far has come out just fine 
i have cooked several store bought pizzas like red barron , etc . you do have to watch the time or the bottom will get dark . 
it 's only big enough for a 5 lb . chicken or turkey if you can find a really small one . 
i personally highly recommend it . it 's still functioning perfectly 
no , 11 3 4 ' or less 
it has one rack and one drip broil pan 
no . it only comes with 1 rack . 
we have frozen them , put them in the dishwasher ( both top and bottom rack ) and the microwave . they are tough . 
we 're in our third year of using mr lid containers without a breakage of any kind . 
our company does not advertise that promotion . 
yes . 
sorry i do n't know.. it was so long ago when i ordered mine . 
yes ... except for one more piece . if i read the description correctly for 54264 , that one has 10 pcs . this one has 11 . 
amazon fba ships in only a day . the website takes 6 - 8 weeks . personally i would rather pay more for quick service . 
2 19oz , 3 32oz , 3 16 oz , 3 8 oz ... .love them ... bought a 2nd set recently . 
yes it can ! 
yes 
microfiber is not long staple egyptian cotton . this is currently a big scam . keep looking for real egyptian long staple cotton . most of this microfiber is coming out of india . 
yes my bad is actually thicker then the average queen and it still fits perfect 
it should , i used the queen fitted sheets on an 10 '' murphy bed mattress and it works well . don 
yes , but it is thin , weak , and will not hold the sheet down around the mattress . do your self a favor and do not purchase these sheets . you will not be happy with the product . 
sorry we dont have 
i live in florida and i purchased these sheets in january and they fell apart by march . lots of pilling and unraveling at seams . i do not recommended purchasing them . total waste of money . 
i am very pleased with this product . light weight soft and comfortable . 
very expensive the bests of cotton not microfiber 
the question seems incomplete . not sure what you are asking . 
i 'm sorry i do n't know . 
yes it does . and it is prettier than the picture . i am very satisified with this purchase and do not hestitate in the least to recommend it . 
flower is burgundy 
i actually returned these as they were a lot smaller than i expected . the largest canister will only hold about a half a bag of flour ... . 
thank you for your inquiry . it was hand made in china . 
if you anchor the desk into wall studs and mount the desk correctly to the anchored rail as instructed ( not difficult to do ) , you will have no problem leaning on the desk . in fact you can load up the shelves with books and use the desktop to hold a laptop computer with no worries . this desk is very sturdy . 
the writing portion is stationary ; does not fold . 
yes . there is a fair sized void under the desktop that runs the full width of the desk . there is also ah hole for cables in the back center of the desk into this void . the hole comes with one of those plastic fillers ( not sure of the proper name ) that you often see in desks that are designed to allow computer cables through . 
i have a black one . i never saw this brown pic . but for sure its dark black and your really enjoy this . besure your a handy person it comes in many parts . and you need to be sure the right person installs for you . but its really nice 
you choose the height of the desk during install . my desk is installed 6 '' higher than what directions say.. its an awesome desk 
yes 
no . once its mounted to the wall with anchors , its there forever . the only way to modify it would be to saw it and install hinges and bottom braces . if you did that you would n't be able to use the side shelving . probably not worth all that effort . 
thee desk it 's self is pretty heavy , you have to make sure it is screwed into the studs , has a metal bare that runs across to hang on the wall then you slide the back into that . it 's very sturdy and lays flat against the wall . i bought white for my granddaughter and she loves it . i would n't sit on it , she has her monitor and printer on main shelf and all kinds of other stuff on the small shelves . 
if i understand you correctly , it is 14 inches . the desk can be set up at a place on the wall that works for you . mine is set 28 '' from top of the work area to the floor . 
yes 
product dimensions : 19.8 deep x 42.2 wide x 39.5 inches tall ; 60 pounds make sure you include any wall outlets that are under the desk when you measure the height on the wall . it will save you a lot of frustration ! we love the desk and it is sturdy and well made . very different having it on the wall . makes the room look more spacious . 
no , once mounted you can only have 100 pounds . it is a beautiful space saver . we beefed our up with extra bolts as we saw the kids would lean on it as they got up . great unit , we get a lot of complements on it ! 
height : 39 3 4 '' width : 42 1 4 '' depth : 19 3 4 '' 
yes ! 
yes just two or 4 holes no ignorance good question 
width x height x depth in inches . bottom 6 1 4 x 6 5 8 x 6. middle 6 1 4 x 6 3 4 x 6. top 6 1 4 x 5 3 4 x 3 3 4 split depth bottom 2in has 6 3 4 deep 
the desk comes in black , white , and espresso . it is made of carb-compliant , laminated composite wood . best regards , netrush 
it is particle board . 
that 's a tough question ... ..i have to say no . unless you can get a look at the stud in the wall and if its thin enough , get self tapping screws that will screw into the metal stud ... .. but that 's really a hit or miss unless tried. , good luck 
you have to assemble everything , but i think that depending on how thick it 's the tower it might fit there ! hope this answer can help you . 
no it will not . my couch is 91. it was too tight . it did loosen and fits better now . but still not perfect . 
i had to put mine on a few different ways until it looked right . youtube probably has videos on how to put them on . sorry i could n't be of any more help 
my is only 19 '' . but it is very stretch so i am very positive that will work 
yes it fits very well , but you ca n't recline in it . it looks wonderful though and fits great ! 
it probably will but theae slip covers are very poorly sown so i would n't even waste time unless you dont sit on the couch ever abd that is impossible . a week into having them i through them out even if you re sow them its still noticeable 
i ended up getting rid of them ... .they did n't fit right and look terrible ! would n't buy them again 
this is an elegant dinner room or kitchen table . it is beautiful with rich color wood and very comfortable chairs . mine is the pub tall set and i have no problems using it for daily meals . my only complaint is the table top does wobble just a little bit when you are doing things like cutting meat on your plate or something similar . i choice to live with it and it does n't bother us anymore . a really nice table for the price . i would suggest that you really read all the directions at first , and when it comes to the small screws on the chair rungs , use longer screws if needed , as ours were too short and not reaching the wood . also we had this delivered to our home , and you need to ask for a lift on the truck and make sure they do not try to just drop it off , the table top weighs several hundred pounds and you need at least 2 or 3 people to pick it up . so i would suggest they unload it close to your placement if you decide to buy this item . good luck . 
goldish . like a dark khaki . 
no , sorry this set is counter height . acme does make dining height chairs with the same design and pattern , i bought 6 of them and found a round table elsewhere to match . 
i think it would be a little too high for a 93 year old . 
55 years old would be the limit to me . 
table is 36 '' off floor the chairs are 24 '' off the floor i 'm 6 ' 2 '' and my feet dangle off of the floor very nice set but it is heavy we use it every day 
yes - it 's 48 inches in diameter . 
no , it does not come with an extension leaf . 
no , not sure where you could find that . 
my table is round and is 48 '' , height of table is 3ft . chairs ... ..from floor to top of back of chair is 4ft ... ... ... from floor to seat is 22 '' , the set is very nice . it is `` counter '' height . chairs are heavier then the average dining chair but still can be moved easily . padding on chairs are very nice and soft . it will not wearout quickly . hope this helped , if you have any other questions please let me know . have a great night . 
try putting plastic wrap over the meat before you press it 
4 7 8 inches 
just the nob turns and locks . if you hold the clear plastic piece and turn the black nob left and right it will lock and under lock . i guess it 's for cleaning purposes . 
4 5 8 '' . i also use the square patty sheets on this to press the burgers otherwise they stick . spraying with pam was n't much better , so i tried the sheets and it 's a hit . 
i use kitchen scale 
approximately 4-1 2 '' 
32f to 446f according to the owner 's guide at : http : c929377.r77.cf2.rackcdn.com 178903_111612.pdf 
no . you want the kingssford grill surface thermometer : http : www.amazon.com kingsford-kth10-grill-surface-thermometer dp b002cird1c ref=sr_1_15 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1386130171 & sr=8-15 & keywords=weber+grill+thermometer 
i use it for pretty much everything in the kitchen . i even used it today to verify that the air temperature in my refrigerator was too low . it 's an extremely handy thermometer . 
based on another answer that the high range is 450 degrees , this should work for candy since 360 is the top range for candy . http : foodreference.about.com od food_reference_charts a candy-making-temperatures-and-stages-of-hardness.htm 
the temperature reading is basically instant . but i wait about 5 seconds to make sure . the battery is a button type and you twist the head off to replace it . i have not replaced the battery but looks easy . 
no - the directions say to `` never leave thermometer in food on barbecue . '' and `` do not expose thermometer to temperatures outside of operational temperature range '' . the operating temps are listed 122f to 212f . it 's designed to give readout in & lt ; 15 sec . 
yes it will . i use it in my icecream shop almost for everything . 
it 's a little smaller at the tip then goes to about .125 an 1 8 , and by the way mine works great 
no reason it should n't . have n't used it on bread , however . it will measure the temperature at the tip . 
it has a little indention to show how far to put it in , about an inch . 
natasha , if i were you , i 'd go up one size , 120 '' round ... it would hit the floor perfectly & give you two additional inches . if you plan to tie them with a sash , go up to a 132 '' round cloth . a 108 '' cloth is going to leave you with four inches of visibility . good luck ! 
hello , this table folds like a tv tray . it folds from the side . thanks 
43.5 '' tall 
it is somewhat smooth but has a slight bit of texture ... a glass would sit flat ... 
the top is hollow . if i was to do this i would try to glue in a pvc insert to support the area and keep any liquid out . 
i 'm not sure but i have now used this table for several parties . four or five people stand around them , lean on them , put their drinks on them and i usually have a heavy floral arrangement on each and they hold up fine . hope this helps . they are a strong and sturdy table . 
i doubt it -- the table top is integrated with the legs and is n't meant to be swapped out with other tops . 
almost instantly . it is jus a matter of unfolding it . 
i agree it will force the table to shut . however , we used duct tape to hold the table legs in place and it worked fine for a party . 
i would say 4 ft. i had it open the other day and it is chest high on me and i 'm 5 ' 6 '' . i will tell you it is super easy to set up . i relly love it ! 
nope ! 
i did n't find a crease attachment , but i like it with that pull-down panel and with that i can make creases in my pants it takes a little getting used to how to maneuver it but it is not that hard , i can steam press my clothes really quick . however , as far as cuffs & collars it comes out better if you use an iron in those areas . i checked to find the best steamer available and this model was in the hammacher schlemmer catalog as being the best of the best . i despise ironing but love my clothes steamer ... full disclosure , i paid full price for it and did not receive anything for endorsing this product . 
there 's an attachment with stuff brush bristles ( not entirely sure why ) and a soft slip cover for delicate fabrics . also a handheld lint brush , but as it does n't attach to the hose i think of it as more of a bonus gift than as an attachment . 
not really , hose is braided , and plastic handle never get hot . the base is ok , keep in mind that base holds a gallon of water , which is adds even more weight to the base . pretty descent steamer for the price . 
i think we have it on a 110. sorry that i do not have an answer . 
no . still the best steamer i have ever owned . 
sorry , i live in the usa so not familiar with uk restrictions . 
no you ca n't adjust the steam . but , it does disperse the steam very well . 
i have n't noticed that . i 've been using it for awhile . if i fill it too high there is too much steam and makes the garment wet , other than that i have n't picked up my iron since i bought it . 
it works well , i purchased it on sale so the cost difference was n't an issue . 
click on the `` contact the seller '' link and go ahead and send them the text . i sent a word document how i wanted it to look , but also described the justification and the font . worked great . 
we are only able to engrave the front of these flasks . 
you get to pick any font you want . i used a sport team logo , and i picked a font close to the one the team uses to go with their mascot logo in their artwork . i created my design in microsoft word , cutting and pasting an image from the web , and typing in initials , in a font that was in word . then attached that word document to a message to seller , after placing my order . their art department took what i gave them and did a great job of making it fit the best way it can on the flask . 
comes in a box but no funnel . its aa awesome flask 
use the contact seller link provided by amazon . 
i ordered on a monday , and did n't get my artwork done until wednesday , and it arrived thursday the following week ( 8 days from when i completed my order ) . there were ice storms during that time , so some shipping delays may have occurred . so my 8 days may have been longer than it would have been if ordered during summer . 
engraving is included in the price of this listing . if you buy this same item from the amazon prime listing , no engraving is available , but it ships faster and costs a few dollars less . they do a great job , it is worth the price . 
doubtful ! although the quality is excellent there was no rush to get it to me . however , i did n't pay any extra and money talks . mine also missed the delivery date by 3 days . 
they can do anything you ask them to do . you just need to decide how you want it done , and tell them ... they will do it ! 
you should buy funnels to go with these , they do not come with funnels . funnels are cheap and plentiful on amazon . as for ideas , you can use the artwork from the cover of your wedding invitations , or some image that reminds you of something you have in common with your groomsmen ... an inside joke , a fun name for your gang of friends , famous last words , something funny that someone said while drunk at the bachelor party ... whatever it is it needs to be personal and memorable for you and your crew . you can make each one different , if that is more appropriate . but make it something they will want to keep . 
i love the boxes . they keep food very fresh . dishwasher and microwave safe.i have never used the green bags . the only difference i can see is that you wash the boxes , but have to throw out the bags . 
yes , you can , but it defeats the essential benefit of keeping food fresh longer . they might also crack if over filled as liquids expand when they are frozen . the debbie meyer ultralite greenboxes are independent laboratory tested and proven to keep fresh produce , baked goods and snacks fresh longer , without freezing . if you freeze in them you will experience freezer burn and the freshness properties will not work . in the freezer you need to create a vacuum to prevent freezer burn . you can use debbie meyer geniusvac and debbie meyer geniusvac bags for the freezer . the beauty of these boxes is that you do not have to freeze most times because the food stays fresh for longer . hope this helps . 
whatever you cook can be put into these boxes . any leftovers seem to keep fresh longer . 
yes , and microwave safe as well , ive been using them for years , love them ! 
i have owned both . as far as preserving fruits and vegetables they both work the same.. however both the bags and the boxes develop moisture . i have found that you need to wrap your foods in paper towels first to protect from moisture which in my opinion is useless because the purpose of these green bags and boxes is to prolong the life.. moisture kills the life of fruits and vegetables.. personally i would never buy another one of her products.. they do n't work.. and the boxes which are worst than the green bags , crack ! this has happened to several of my `` green lite '' boxes . don t waste your money on these ridiculous boxes . i can however recommend a product that truly does what it says it will do.. preserve your fruits and veggies.. that is -- -- - the blue apple ... i am thrilled with this product.. you can replace the refills every three to four months.. unlike the green boxes that do n't work.. the blue apples take up very little room and they do work.. it 's the only thing i 've found that does . i am a juicer nutribullet fan.. i buy lots of fruits and veggies on sale and it 's wonderful to be able to preserve the life of them with the blue apple and not waste my hard earned monty.. hope this has helped.. 
i just took out a frozen container of turkey soup out of the freezer to heat up in the microwave . it tastes good , i do it all the time with no problems . i wash the container with mild soap and reuse them again . i hope this helps : ) 
i am not sure . i have not used it for cheese . but you could freeze the cheese to extend its life . 
the literature and website say you can ... i have not done that ... for salads and the like , the container work great ... john h . 
sorry , i do not know . 
no 
two and a half inches square . it was plenty big enough for my post and castor . 
if you are asking about the dimensions of the recessed openings at the top , the answer is no . the openings are 2 3 4 '' x 2 3 4 '' square . 
yes they are . i stacked two 
these risers are extremely heavy duty . if your table has very narrow , pointed legs ( around 1 '' diameter or less ) and the material you are placing on the table weighs several hundred pounds its possible it might punch through , but for any `` normal '' home or light commercial use they are more than sturdy enough . 
it 's hard to say . from the picture it looks like it may not because the feet look too wide . 
if i am understanding correctly i think it would be too risky . most box springs are wood frames covered in fabric . if you are thinking of boosting up on these instead of a bed frame , every time you move your bed it would slip off to the side . you really need the leg of the beg to insert into the hole . 
yes these can raise it . just be careful and place rubber pads on the futon legs and on the raisers so it does n't move . 
not a problem . i have used them for about 6 months and it supports my family , a cumulative 500lbs or so , frequently with no problems . 
yes , absolutely . we bought a set of 4 and used them on a rocker recliner chair at a condo in florida this past month . they are high ( 5-6 inches ) and they worked very well for me ( i have back problems and i 'm 6 feet 4 inches tall ) . they were actually a little too high for some of our guests so we bought another set 3-4 inches high for the second recliner . would highly recommend them as being durable and stable . 
yes that 's exactly what we purchased them for . they work great in her room and now she has a ton of space to store things under the bed like cases of bottled water , extra suitcases , and small storage bins . 
aa x3 
you can only spot-clean it , not submerge . 
switch the switch to on then you have to press hard on the pillow . 
i would send it back ; sounds like the timing mechanism is wonky . 
i think so ... but honestly , i ca n't remember . i inboxed it and wrapped it with a blanket . 
with the exception of the 4 cup pitcher and the processor all other parts are stored in a sturdy plastic container that is flat and takes up little space when stored and not in use . 
unfortunately not , that would be a nice feature , otherwise it is a great product . 
no it is made of metal i love this machine 
this 1.8 amp max 120 volt ac 60 hz . made in fabrique au china . 
in my opinion , yes . if you ever find yourself working in a deep stock pot it 's indispensable . one of those attachments you do n't use every day but when you need it , well you just plain need it . 
1 yr warranty 
yes . i have issues getting the top to stay on and then opening it . i am not happy with it . 
hello . the case is 15.5 '' long by 13 '' wide . 
i ca n't speak to your electrolux or your apparent negative feelings toward the chinese , but this kitchenaid hand blender is the best one i 've ever owned . it 's very powerful and and has been up to every task to which i have put it . 
ther is no listing on the unt or documentation of the watts 
it expands quite a bit but having limited space wo n't make much difference . it 'll just form the to the amount of space you give it . 
cloth . it is the most comfy thing ever , but it 's not something you can just wipe off if you spill on it . we love ours , though . 
it 's about 12 '' from the floor . i would not describe this as a chair . it is an extra wide bean bag and is nowhere near as tall as the picture implies . i was disappointed in the shape of it , but my niece and her friends absolutely love it and that is who i purchased it for , so if they like it , i 'm happy . 
no sadly : ( 
little heavy but comfortable 
we are using the controller that came with blanket and it works fine . 
yes , there is . 
no 
fits a king size bed good 
there is one connection to the blanket but two controls . 
you need to unplug the power to reset the controls 
yes 
i would have to say , light weight for stainless steel but a very good quality product . i really like them and use them all the time . the silicone bottoms sold me and when i mix stir something in a bowl or set the bowl down it stays put . - hopefully , this helps you . 
i do n't think they meant to actually bake it in the oven , rather it 's good to assist in the baking process - mixing , sifting etc . 
3 
yes , they are stainless steel and have a silicone bottom , they will stay put as well . i love these bowls . use them all the time . 
absolutely . neatly fit inside each other without taking up a ton of space . these are the best stainless bowls i 've ever used . the special bottoms keep them from sliding while mixing . love them . 
gave these as a gift as well . i believe they are 12in , 10in , and 8in . my friend loved these bowls . she picked these out because she used her cousin 's wife set when she stayed at their home . 
silicone can go in the microwave , oven , and stove - just not over direct flame . you 're fine to use it in a water bath as long as it 's really silicone and not rubber ! 
i do n't know the answer to your question but i do know that they are heavy and very nice . i gave them as a show gift to my niece . 
sorry , not at the home where the bowls are right now . this bowl is as big as any set i 've seen , but do n't want to guess at the amount . 
800ml , 1700ml , 3000ml , 5200ml . 0.85qt , 1.8qt , 3qt , 5.5qt 
it measures 15 '' long and i do n't think it can fit in a regular toaster oven . i did notice that it does n't brown as fast as the non- stick version but i prefer using this one as i believe i get better results . the edges do get crispy and nice but be sure to grease the pan well . 
no , i just spray it with a little cooking spray and have had no problems at all ! i live these pans ! 
mrs. anderson 's is an american company that makes various bakeware so i do n't think it is made in france . it 's most likely manufactured in taiwan or something . hahaha . that said , this pan works very well and i have never had problems with sticking or uneven heating so i would recommend it if you are looking for a madeleine pan . 
i think it 's some kind of steel . it 's magnetic and mine already has a bit of rust on the bottom edge and i have n't even used it yet . : ( 
not even close . they just fit the depth of a dvd case . 
here it is 800319 specifications depth ( front to back ) : 16-3 4 finish : cappuccino height ( bottom to top ) : 69 style : contemporary weight : 93.5 width ( side to side ) : 33-1 2 thank you & best regards gus saoud z furniture 5620 general washington drive . alexandria va 22312 tel : 703-941-5042 www.zfurniture.com 
it has the ability to be flush at the bottom , but you can also pull it away from the wall . the unit does not require it to actually lean up against the wall . 
inside dimensions are 13.75 x 31.25. keep in mind the unit is designed to sit flush to the wall but the cords can certainly go off the side . i love this unit and it 's very sturdy . oh and you have just shy of 12 1 2 inches high to the next shelf . 
hello ! it does n't come with hardware to anchor it , you would have to know how to do that yourself . i think it is doable , you would just have to get creative and know how to use a drill ! we really like the shelf . it is pretty sturdy and we have n't had any problems with it ! 
it took about 2 hours to assemble.. it is a great bookcase but it took 3 of us to get it done ! 
the whole unit as pictured - the base with 4 drawers and a shelf + 3 more shelves that form the ladder , so 4 total shelves and 4 drawers . 
i ordered from furniture creations and was very happy with the product and service . one drawer bottom was missing , that did not interfere with me being able to completely assemble the item and they had it shipped to me in no time at all . highly recommend them . 
clearance from front legs to wall is is about 15 inches . the back legs are underneath and do n't really stick out in the back . the part of the bookshelf that is the drawers are flat on the back . the clearance from floor to bottom of the drawer is 4 '' hope this helps ! 
it does n't go straight up , it looks like it 's leaning , in my opinion if you put 2 side by side it will look like 2 side by side , not like one piece . i really like it tho and it 's a nice size and nice quality . 
i ordered this and i received 4 stoppers 
yea 
no , you just wiggle them out . i bought them because they 're almost flush with the top of the bottle and fit neatly on my refrigerator shelves . 
no , they only fit regular size wine bottles . 
yes , i have used them with the 1 liter glass pelligrino bottles ( that is why i purchased them ) . be aware that if either the cork or the inside of the bottle neck is too wet they may pop out from the gas pressure . a quick wipe of the cork solves the problem and i have stored open bottles on their sides as long as the initial seal is tight . i have not yet used them with the plastic bottles as they come with a screw cap but i am sure they would be fine for that application as well . 
they are all the same size and made to fit a wine bottle or larger . i was unable to use them as they are too large for my needs . 
it is a very stable product ! lots of heavy jackets and such have been hung in the one i 've purchased . with anything i would n't suggest hanging everything to one side , but it does well with uneven weights . 
no . none at all . not even with my nose 1 inch away . 
the rack when assembled is 75 '' high and the base is 20 '' wide . very easy to assemble . 
twelve , in three levels of four . you can see the three different sizes if hook in the product photo . 
hi ! i think your 4 year old should be able to hang up her jacket ... from the legs to the lowest hooks , the measurement is 44 inches , and from the floor to the lowest hook is 48. hope my answer was helpful ! 
we have hung wet coats and umbrellas on it and have not had any problems . it still looks brand new . 
lol probably a 2 because there are certain parts that have to go in certain places . you only need a phillips screwdriver and it comes with everything else you need . 
yes you can adjust the height but not including the middle pole that has four hooks . also the ball at the top is removable as well . 
yes it seems to be very stable 
i did it both ways , and it did n't stay up- i returned it . 
yes , the labels wash well with hand washing . the chalk pen will come off , but the label is secure . 
meant to be permanently placed on surface : ) 
hi , i checked the ones i bought , even the ones ive bought at craft stores , and they all seem to come in several sizes . my daughter said staples carry the chalkboard labels and you might find them there , not sure though.sorry i could n't be more help . good luck , rae g 
i 'm pretty sure they will , as long as you do n't keep taking them off . they 're pretty sticky . also make sure you get the chalk pens to use on them instead of regular chalk . : ) 
i used the small stickers on my toiletry bottles to label my shampoo and conditioner . i 've used them many times and the writing has stayed in place . however , when labeling my pantry items , i was able to wipe off the writing completely with a damp cloth and write again . these labels are great . i have n't washed a container yet with the label on it , but based on my experience using my shampoo and conditioner , i would imagine they would stay in place well . 
the stickers are impossible to remove . i thot for some reason they were repositionable but it began to chip off in small pieces when i tried to remove it . do n't know if it would leave a residue could n't get it off ! 
its stickers not the containers 
that 's weird ! i ordered the chalk labels for the canisters and that 's what i received . but yours looks different and is described as nursery wall decals ? 
go to a craft store like hobby lobby and go the scrapbook section and find the adhesive remover they sell . i ca n't think of the name but it is strictly designed to remove adhesive . hope it helps ! 
they are very sticky . and hard to remove from most surfaces . so i 'm sure they will stick . but you might be able to remove them easier later 
not sure what you mean by customizable . ? you can probably heat stamp or paint it . basically it is a min-aging barrel for spirits 
nope . just keep the barrel moist on the outside ( wipe down with wet cloth every few weeks ) . that will keep the wood from shrinking and keep those leaks away . 
we should be able to ship to the netherlands , yes . 
yes , a medium char . 
the purpose of this barrel is for aging unaged spirits . it 's not intended as a beverage dispenser . i imagine if you used it as such , yes , it would change the flavor since it 's an oak barrel . 
yes they can ! 
hot water was the the key for me to get the barrel to swell up . i was using warm water and it took a few extra try 's to finally get the seal . 
try putting boiling water in it and leave it near a heating vent , this should allow the staves to swell . 
yes 
yes 
i got the set as pictured above though the color of pink is a little lighter in hand . i think it is just the lighting because they are all the same color . love them . 
10 l or 42 cups 7.8 l or 32 cups 2.75 l 1.4 l or 6 cups 
i have always found tupperware lids to fit fantastically , you may have to let then soak in warm water at first and the put on to the bowl to allow to form to the bowl at first and i try to wash mine by hand . tupperware also has a lifetime warranty . i have some of my grandmother 's when it was called just tupper , they still are going strong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
just four bowls . two really large bowls a medium and a small bowl . very nice . 
yes , this will work on induction cooktops . 
yes , we do regularly and see no adverse effect . 
i still have the box . it says made in china 
i chose cuisinart because the lids seem to seal better and i am more familiar with that brand name . in the reviews , a lot of people compared cuisinart to the more expensive all clad cookware . 
yes i have noticed this also . i used barkeepers helper to sine it back to like new . 
cuisnart says to hang them so they do n't get scratched . i do n't have any way to do that , so i just put a couple of paper towels in the bottom before i stack them . it seems to work . 
they are much heavier than your normal stainless . i had farberware pots and there is a big difference but the cooking and clean up is much better . 
yes , a magnet will stick to it and it is induction compatible . 
heat pan on low first ; when hot add amount of oil needed ; add item to be cooked pan should sizzle ; you should never need to go above about medium heat due to pans tendency to hold heat ; this means for braising , frying , or whatever ; black stains sounds like too much heat to me . also , get some `` bar keepers friend '' on amazon for cleaning . 
i do not have an induction stove , hence can not advise you on this matter . cuisinart product information shows it can be used on induction stove top . please check their web page . 
my name is rondi wright and i purchased these stools this summer . they did n't come with a weight limit on them . but they are very sturdy . we have n't had anyone feel uncomfortable on them . 
yes , they nest together quite snuggly . 
yes , two chairs 
hello , thanks for posting your question . i 've searched our catalog and found the stool in charcaol for you . you can find the listing on the following link : www.amazon.com dp b009k0hjc8 thanks for your interest ! 
we think it is polished chrome color . 
thanks your for posting your question , this chair comes in black , charcoal , dark brown ( this listing ) and white . you will find the different colors listed here : 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details the full height of this stool is 33 inches . i hope this helps ! 
i have n't measured it , but the `` min '' line is perfect for one cappuccino . be aware , the lines are quite hard to see , which can be a pain . 
unfortunately china ... ..did not buy received as a gift 
this device does all it claims to do very well . only problem i have with it is that it is hard for someone with big hands to change the frothing disks . but my wife can change it easily . on the whole we love it and have recommended it to our friends ! 
i have not figured that out yet . same with me one came in place and i am afraid to try and remove it . sorry 
sorry , i meant add the espresso to it , after it has been ground . 
it looks like teflon but it could be a more recently used coating . i 'm pretty sensitive about these kinds of `` processed '' coatings and i also refuse to cook with aluminum foil . but this coating is fabulous . it assists with keeping the frother clean and keeps you from damaging the rotating blade on the bottom . all you have to do to clean it is spray with some responsible cleaner and rinse . i love it . 
yes , it should work satisfactorily with almond milk , but some brands of milk froth better than others . 
the one i received is 120 v and amazon says it can only be shipped in the u.s. so my guess would be ... no . 
do n't know exact temperature ! its nicely hot ! 
i actually returned this item and bought the capresso 
the controls work separately and each controller heats one side only.. 
yes it does and they are easy to use . just remember , the cord must be put on the blanket main plug before you plug it in to the wall socket . i learned that the hard way . it is a good blanket . 
the amps are not noted on the box nor the papers that came with in . our box indicates it is distributed by jarden consumer solutions in boca raton , fl . also shows www.sunbeambedding.com ; ph . no . 1 866 259 6105 on box so you may want to contact them . we bought 1 last winter and love it so much we just bought 2 more for christmas gifts this month . it has such a soft velvet feel and works great ! our 2 married grandchildren will love them ! we highly recommend . 
i just checked the label . it is made in china . we really like it . my husband used to wake up with a sore back and aching knees , he feels better with the setting on low . good luck making your decision . amy 
yes ! ! it is a pain . 
yes , it is backlighted digital with a range from 1 to 20 . 
no 
it appears that it is a blanket . i put it on top of top sheet & under the bedspread . 
here is the actual size of the item- ( 100 '' x 90 '' ) ( 254 cm x 228 cm ) 
yes they really have 20 heat settings auto turn off and preheat . i have two of them and they are wonderful for winter time . about 15 min before i 'm ready for bed i turn it on preheat and when you get under the covers it 's so nice and toasty . : ) i always have mine on 1 or 2 all night but i have tried the 15-20 setting just to see what would happen and it sure gets hot ! i tried the auto when i first got it and i would still sleep warm throughout the night but i would want it back on for my toes . i love the comforter it works wonders . makes you wan na sleep all day ! 
mine broke after 2 months . 
we have a california king and i would have liked it to be a little wider . when my hubby turns over , he sometimes pulls the covers . so far the blanket is not off me , but it does get close . so width wise , i 'd say yes . length is no problem . i 'm not sure of the length of a queen , but must be similar to california king . 
wash warm in washer . line dry . i have used light heat in gentle dryer . no problems . 
mine is king size , so there are two controls , one for each side . you might need to fiddle with which one goes where because i found the directions a little confusing , not much because i managed to attach the cords in the right place and once i pushed the `` on off '' button , i adjusted the temperature ( 1-19 and h for high ) and felt which side was affected ( i had it backwards at first ) , and then i discovered the rest of the settings , including whether you want `` auto off '' or `` stay on '' . auto off turns it off after your specified number of hours up to 10 hours . i set it for stay on . i turn the blanket on while getting ready for bed and it 's warm as toast when i climb into bed . when i get up in the morning i turn it off , no rocket science needed . it will take a few nights to find your ideal setting . i have no central heating and use `` 14 '' as the ideal setting so i neither sweat nor get chilled . keep other blankets handy in case your power goes out . those two tear drop areas under the labelled buttons are - + for changing your setting , e.g . if it 's really cold , i might raise the 14 temperature setting by pushing the + teardrop button . you 'll end with kids and dogs piled in with you because this is true comfort . 
it is long enough to reach from the bottom of the be to an outlet at the head of the bed with no problem 
when you click the auto off on , then the blanket automatically turns off in 8 hours . 
it 's only one plug , in the center bottom of the blanket . 
i think it should be at least 10 inches wider for a cal king . 
no , but a very nice binding . i am very satisfied 
i bought the king size for my bed . only problem is it 's not long enough on the sides and the cord should be longer for the dual controls . when i make the bed , the control falls off the night table . it 's excellent for warmth though . 
yes , fill with water for a couple of days first to let the barrel `` swell '' first . very nice barrel . 
mine looked just like what was advertised . 
it will give any distilled liquor a rich smoke flavor like any aged bourbon . after just 3 months its just about right . just make sure it 's rinsed after each use . 
the best thing to do is make another batch of wine and keep the barrel filled . if that ca n't be done rinse and dry the barrel well . we use sulphur strips and burn them in our winery barrels . the opening on these barrels is too small for that , so i would go with a solution of potassium metabisulfate . brewing stores sell tham often as campden tablets . just remember , if the barrel sits empty too long it may dry out and be unable to hold wine without a lot of leaking . best to keep tham full . 
yes . i did need to increase the size of the top hole 
i think your wine wo n't have enough time to get oakey taste if you fill it up right before serving . t 
the 20 liter barrel measures 15 '' long and 11 '' in diameter . 
hi danielle , the cost of engraving is included in the price of the barrel . thanks ! 
it is as light as the picture 
i do not . this cask will produce a strong wood character for beers ( think plywood ) if aged in . i do n't recommend aging anything in it because it is probably not made of oak , despite what is advertised . 
do you want the diameter of the wheel base ? 
yes , it will fit under a 16 '' opening , considering side by side , from seat to floor will not make 16 '' opening . 
i have wood on my floors and i have not had any problem ! 
it is white . 
normal chair caster size , love the stools . got for my skin care school . 
yes 
no ... more like 18.5 or 19.5 
the seat is midway between hard & soft and no , it does n't feel like it 's stuffed with cardboard . 
attaching the back is optional . 
hi , i am not the seller of this item , but i did purchase one . you do n't have to have the back support on the stool . it is attached with four bolts under the seat . 
no , the manual recommends browning meat on the `` white rice '' setting . no need to use the stove ! 
the cup replacement is a standard 3 4 cup ( dry ) as referenced on page 5 of manual . 
if u are referring to the condensation collector on the outside of the cooker i would just put a paper towel under the cooker on that side . my condensation collector has never caught the water and that is what i do . 
nope , been using it for nearly a year now and the non-stick properties are very good if you cook the rice according to the directions . 
the lid is fixed . i 've had mine for over 4 years and removing the water catcher in the back and the steam plug inside the lid lets the unit be cleaned good enough . i wipe the inside of the lid after every use . i let the lid stay open over night and store it with the water catcher and steam plug off the unit . my rice cooker gets used 5-6 times a week ( asian family ) and we have never had a problem with it working correctly or a bad odor . hope this helps ... 
hello david . i 'm sorry i ca n't help because i have n't made regular rice yet . i can tell you this . i 've used to make rice & peas and a lot goes in it . 4 cups rice , cocnut milk , black beans , garlic & onion , seasonings & water . my meals take about 3-4 hrs to cook & the last 40 minutes i start rice & it 's ready at the end . i would guess 15-20 minutes for reg rice . i love this thing & i 've had many over the yrs . i recommend highly . 
this one does have a warm function , but i think it would shut off after 4 hrs but you can push the button and it comes right back on 
it does have a non stick coating . i do n't know if it is teflon or not . 
the cord is not retractable . 
the keep warm function works until you turn it off . i 've had it on for days with no problem . 
hello maryann ! the most significant difference is 6021-4298 is width expandable . it expands from 32.00 '' to 48.00 '' in width . 6021-3079 is height adjustable only . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further questions , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day ! 
hi becky ! whitmor 6021-3539-bb is not width adjustable and 6021-4298 is . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further questions , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day ! 
hello sue ! the dimensions for whitmor 6021-4298 ebony chrome collection extendable garment rack are 18.25 '' l x 32 '' w x 66 '' h. if you have additional questions regarding this item feel free to contact our customer service department , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day ! 
it 's very light weight , and easy to assemble . took me less than 2 min to put together ... 
i do n't believe they can be pushed down to lower the rack . 
yes 
no 
about 8 '' on each side . 
i bought mine probably a couple months ago and it broke today . i filled up the entire thing with clothes and the extension parts and it started to lean and it cracked the top part and fell over . it seemed sturdy , but i definitely would not buy it again . 
between the bars is 29.5 inches . 
5 3 4 '' tall , 3 1 8 '' at top , 2 3 8 '' at bottom . 
i would say they have a purplish tint . 
they are injection molded plastic . 
i believe they are top rack only ? 
the are a hard plastic . exactly like the cups used at country buffet or the like . 
i measured it sitting in my closet as : 31 inches wide , 28 inches high , 12 inches deep 
i 'd say 12 '' x maybe 15 1 2 to 16 '' for each drawer . i am not 100 % sure because i ca n't find what i did with my tape measure . big enough for me to bring all of my socks ( which i have a lot of ! ! ridiculous amount ) from a regular large drawer in a dresser and put them all in this . hope that helps . 
i store hand bangs in them and they work fine . 
it depends on what you want to put on in it . it has a light frame and the shelves are cloth . i use it for my sandals and some clothing and that 's it . if you 're looking to put boots and stuff or anything heavier i 'd just go with wood or metal . it 's extremely lightweight . 
dimensions are listed in product description . it measures approx . 12 '' x 32 '' x 29 '' 
i have no idea , probably cheaper just to buy two..lol 
the middle and bottom shelves have the same amount of space . the fabric drawers shown in the photo are 8 '' tall and will also fit on the middle shelf . anything taller than 8 '' will not fit . 
they package flat . it was was about 48 '' wide and 3 '' in height . 
the height of the shelves can be adjusted according to the requirement . the shelves are made of cloth which is attached to two rods with plastic pivots that are attached to the side railings . so , the shelves height can be modified based on specification . but you can not put heavy items ( more than 10 pounds ) since the shelves start to slide because of weight . this is my personal experience . so i would suggest to keep in mind , what kind of drawers you are buying for it . according to me , fabric cubes available in target and other stores are a best solution for storage in this closet . 
absolutely not . 
fully assembled it is 68 inches high , 15.75 inches wide , and 19.5 inches deep . the shelves sit approximately 2 inches , 18 1 4 inches , 34 3 4 inches , 51 1 4 inches , 67 3 4 inches above the ground . 
no . it is not . 
i think it would take a lot of weight to make it actually collapse . but it does wobble some ( it has significant flex ) . it would be fine for cereal boxes , crackers and such . but you would probably want to go light on canned goods and drinks . 
not sure . i put a lot on these shelves and it holds up to it . they themselves are very light and i can move them around in the closet or use them in two pieces so i can put them on the top shelf if my closet to organize . 
it does n't come with any attachments to be able to hang it , and while i think it 's moderately sturdy , i 'm not sure i would trust it to stay together if it were hanging . at least the top shelf it 's hung by . 
the 19.5 i believe is the height . i actually separated them into two stacks to put into a closet in my new fifth wheel . the shelves are spaced far enough apart that you could put a milk crate or one of those large canvas totes . sorry i ca n't be more accurate with measurements , but the camper is not at my home , it is in a campground . hope it helped somehow . 
i suppose so , but casters would need to be exact diameter or they would wobble in holes designed for the poles 
15.5 x 19.5 x 67.9 inches 
52x18x15 
it is roughly 38 3 4 '' x 19 '' x 50 3 16 '' lxwxh . i hope this helps 
yes but you ca n't put anything heavy . all the shelves are fabric . 
not sure about precise weight limit . the bar itself is probably 25 '' long . limited more by how much you can fit rather than weight . little more than a weeks worth of clothes and a coat . the only problem i had with the bar is it does n't fasten to the bars it sits on . the right side moves around more than i would like . i would give a little more detail about actual weight but i do n't own it anymore . i opted to install a wood shelf and a hanging bar to the studs . 
the bar is 23 inches . and hangs 47 inches off of the floor . i found it to be useful but have put it on a base that raises it higher off the floor . loretta 
the fabric measures 14 '' wide x 15 '' depth ... the depth includes the plastic bars covered by the fabric . 
10.25 in x 22.25 in x 17.5 in 
i would not order this item again . i put 4 pairs of regular boots on this rack and the rack falls over . rubber boots are much heavier . 
my wife said that she has not had a problem with it falling over . do you have one , and does it tend to fall over ? 
hi , the middle bar is kind of a metal plastic bar and the boot holders are plastic , but strong plastic . i have boots that are knee high and they fit very nicely on them and it supports the weight of all 3 pairs of boots . i found another one on line & ordered it & just recieved it the other day . now i have 2 of them & i think they work great for womens boots ! ! 
hello , yes , amazon can ship internationally for most items . however , the cost can be high . if you note the cost of an item and then put it in your cart and fill in your ship info , it will show you the total . 
the light this stays on for short time 
the flame has movement and comfortable lighting and heat . the remote control can be used to put the flame and heat on a timer thruout the night or simply for a few hours . 
only when that specific function is no longer in use the symbol will flash and then fade away 
it is plug and play . simple and easy to use 
the dimensions of this unit are 23.62 '' w x 20 '' h x 9.28 '' d. carlos 
you 'll have to run power to your fireplace . it has to be plugged into a three prong outlet . 
i 'm not really sure to be honest with you . our fireplace insert was built into out entertainment center so we have an electrical outlet to plug it into . as long as it is the right measurement as your fireplace i do n't think it would be a problem the only concern would be the plug in . 
this item has a built in blower fan at the top front of the unit . it 's the grate looking bar shown in the picture on the face plate . the air intake is the grate that is located at the top of the unit that is n't on the front . 
nominal width is 23 inches , per the model number , but measuring on the front for width and height gives : 22-1 2 inch wide by 19-1 2 tall by about 10 inches deep . it slides into the back of the tv stand wood cabinet , which is itself 14 inches deep at the insert area , that we bought with it at the same time , since they are a set ) . the wooden fireplace mantel ( top surface is 42x16 inches ) is 23de1447 and needs to be assembled , best by two people . we bought a 55 '' lg flat screen smart 3d tv to put on top , which has a stand that is about the max for the wooden mantel top , with the tv screen extending a couple inches beyond the mantel on each side , but nicely . no problems after having it a year . 
the dimensions are in the product description , scroll down its there 
no , it does not 
i just looked at the dimensions in the product description , they are true to size . i 'm not with my towel cabbie right now to measure it , but i did have limited space to put it in , so i measured my space and compared it to the external dimensions . i gave about a half inch of leeway , and it fits perfectly . the towels it comes with are small and i can fit 18 of them in the warmer . if you are using larger spa towels ( approx hand towel size ) , i can about 10 of those in . it 's not a huge warmer , and it 's not tiny , either . i 'm an esthetician and can usually fit my day 's worth of towels in , but occasionally i have to refill halfway through the day . this is no problem because this warmer heats up fast ! 
they are about 4 inches bigger than a wash cloth 
that depends on the ambient heat . i was in a large house in 110 degree heat , ( about 120 in the house ) with other fans running so the comparison may not be fair , for me it as less than 8 hours . ( tucson , az ) 
absolutely ! it it a regular fan that also has evaporative cooling when filled w water & included ice pack or ice cubes . works great borth ways . 
i do n't think so i do n't believe the air flow would be sufficient for your needs 
you can turn the `` cool air '' off and it 'll stop doing the water ... but we use ours quite often on high and with `` cool air '' and it 'll sometimes kinda spit at us if we 're too close when it first starts going but nothing like you 're describing . we also make sure the water is cold water and even put the ice pack in it ... but maybe your home is too humid for the `` cool air '' action too considering it 's basically using humidity to help make the air cool . 
yes , it does come with one . 
there are both water are good for pump system . 
yes , it does come with ice packs . it works best with cold water and the ice packs in a combination . keeps the room cool throughout the summer night . 
no you can not . 
did you check if maybe you overfilled the unit ? if not , than maybe you should return for a new one . i have had mine for 6 months and i have never had a leak . so maybe your unit could be defected ? 
it 's the width . 
the set i got included table , 4 chairs , and a bench ( which is suppose to seat 2 ) . all require assembly . 
black 
here is a link to the chairs . http : www.amazon.com boraam-21031-bloomington-dining-cherry dp b009kkpf8i ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1416168903 & sr=1-1 & keywords=boraam+chairs 
36x60 inches . hope this helps . 
it 's almost like your basic space heater you would get from target or walmart . it 's not very powerful , i would n't expect it to heat up a very large room . i am a little disappointed about that . the quality of the `` flame '' and logs `` burning '' is pretty nice though so it 's more of an ambiance piece than a heating device unfortunately . 
dimensions : 19.9 inches high x 8.6 inches long x 23.6 inches wide there is only one size for real flame.. so if you have a real flame fireplace mantel of any kind this will fit- i replaced my gel can insert with the electric- i love it ! ! ! 
aprox 18 inches 
rating : 120v , 60hz ; classment : 1400w 
it blows the heat out if in heat mode . we have no issues and it is completely encapsulated . 
infrared 
i did not use a tape measure , but i estimate it to be 5 ft. long . i hope this helps . 
i seem to have that problem too . i thought i was doing something wrong and just got in the habit of turning it on with the button on the actual fireplace ... it is very odd and somewhat inconvenient but not enough to mess with a return . 
there is a vent on the top of the unit that the instructions implicitly say to not cover , so i 'm guessing it would not be a good idea to enclose it entirely . 
i do n't have that issue with mine but check to make sure it is level 
yes , it comes with 1 pads for cleaning , and a stiff brush for harder cleaning surfaces ( like linoeum ) . i bought extras when i purchased the machine 
hard push and pull ! 
no . on the bottom is a groove that holds either the pad ... which , especially if you had 2 of them , you could use for polishing i guess ... or you can use the brush for scrubbing . the pad is like a soft washcloth you velcro onto its holder to wash the floors . i love my bissell ! ! although , they came out w the symphony ( at 2+x the price ! ! ) and that one has steam heat for cleaning ... when i wear this one out , i 'm going for the symphony . 
the tank holds appr 4.5 cups water and the bottom unit that cleans floor is 10.75 in by 4 in since the suction is on the outer edge of each side . one side cleans then sucks up water and if you reverse it then it just is a vacuum feature 
does not work well on carpet . does clean hard surfaces both wet and dry very well . i also bought a small canister bag less vac with the hose to vac area rugs , baseboards . closets , bathroom and furniture -- hard to reach places with upright . hope that helps . peace 
noooooooooo & here 's why it 's a very thin narrow pad.it would take u 4ever 2 clean ur floors.u can try it but that 's why i sent mine back.i bought a bisseel pet vacuum cleaner for $ 42.at christmas time threw walmart & i still have it & i had 6 cats & 3 dogs at that time.i beleive in bissell 's products & i was really disappointed in this one.maybe the bissell symphony might be better.i do n't know.i 've tried the spin mops & those have worked really well , except the mop handle broke & also the taking off 2 clean the mop.so now i have the libman . 
hi kosta - this unit is intended for hard floors including sealed wood flooring . 
yes ... not 100 % dry though 
no- only 110 
i never tried ... . i use plain tap water and add a small amount of vinegar and a few drops of essential oil ( peppermint , or eucalyptus or tea tree ) . i have linoleum floors . my two labs constantly have dirty or muddy feet so use it all the time . i keep the reservior full of the mix and use as needed . sometimes it uses it all up and sometimes just a spot job works so i left the solution in it . i do clean dirty water after each use . i am not sure if you could leave bleach water in it but if you dilute it still would give extra cleaning but would empty after each use . if you do try leave a reply back so i know how it works . 
call the oreck hotline they are very helpful . 
yes , have use on laminate flooring . it works perfectly . i 've been using this unit for the past 2 years in 2 houses and it 's still working perfectly . 
i do n't believe so . it only has operations for hardwood and tile , not carpet . it does n't have rollers that would agitate the carpet fibers . also , i do n't believe it has enough suction to take up water in a carpet . 
what do you mean by unstop ? 
yes ... .but please see my review , this is not a good product . it was really heavy to drag back and forth , and mine 'blew up ' after less than a month so i returned it for refund . 
it weighs about 10 lbs . fyi : after having this for some time i would not buy it again . the vacuum part is okay for an apartment but the wash part is ridiculous and i never use it once trying it out . i wish i had bought it directly from oreck so that i might have returned it but i did n't and was stuck with it . i like oreck but not this model . hope this helps in your decision . 
no idea , sherry . also , i should re-rate this vacuum as it has not held up well . never use the floor cleaner part and the vacuum is just not doing the job well . i wish i had just bought the regular oreck , which i have liked in the past . good luck finding the filter - have not needed to replace one yet . 
the steamer part is pretty easy to use in my opinion . fill the compartment with water , set the vacuum on the pad and turn the dial to steam . i have tile flies and have not noticed streaking . the vacuum container does need cleaned after each use because it 's pretty small and really affects the suction if full . works great for my kitchen to vacuum and steam . not for the whole house and lots of carpet . 
13 x 3.5 x 16.8 inches ; 8.9 pounds and it plugs into a regular 110 volt outlet . 
mine is installed in my bathroom right out side the shower and was recommended to me specifically for the bathroom . i am very happy with the performance of my unit in our fairly large airy bathroom . i do n't recall any warnings about moisture from shower bath , but i do have a 340 cfm exhaust fan so moisture really is n't an issue in my bath . my wife loves it and frankly that 's what matters , ya know..happy wife , happy life ! . 
no , it would have to be turned back on . 
you ca n't program it to turn on and off whenever you want but there is a thermostat so you can set it to a temperature that you want and it will keep the room at that temp , approximately 
the heat storm is quiet relative to many forced air heaters still it may disturb a light sleeper . the heat mode is a soft white noise but when the thermostat is satisfied the heater makes a switching noise and the fan seems to change speed . 
i 'm sure you could use it in a garage but i doubt it would heat that large of an area . 
honestly mine is only used for maybe 20-25 minutes a day warming our master bath , which runs colder than rest of house , while my wife takes a shower and dries off . i do n't see any appreciable rise in electric bill in winter and my wife is very happy with how much it heats the room . it is a fairly large bathroom roughly 9 x 16 ' and seems to warm up pretty good . i doubt if i answered your question but we are pretty happy with ours . 
depends on how near and exactly where i would say . the heat that comes out is n't like a heat gun but it is warm hot . i would n't want to put it so it blows onto the tv but within a foot or so i would think is okay but you should follow the manufacturers guidlelines they do have recommendations as to distance from combustibles like drapes , electrical cords etc which is 3 feet . here 's a link to the user manual : http : www.sylvane.com media documents products heat-storm-deluxe-wall-heater-owners-manual.pdf 
the manual states you need to keep all combustibles at least 3 feet from the front and the sides of the unit . this includes drapes and curtains . i have not tried a surge protector but do not see why you could not use one . 
yes that was the main reason i bought it for my kids rooms they hang right on the wall so you do n't have to worry about unit tipping and it can be unattended 
cotton , i love it ! 
kind of aqua . if you get a paint chip of benjamin moore 's tide water , it matches that . 
machine wash cold . separately , in large capacity washer . tumble dry large capacity dryer . do not iron . do not dry clean . 
no , i would not recommend it . i have gotten tiny little marks in the bottom from the one time i used a fork to stir something . however , these are this is the most wonderful cookware i 've ever used . it works well with plastic , silicone or wooden tools , and it is remarkably easy to clean . 
i think if you have been using any kind of cookware and have n't had any problems , this would not be an issue definitely . the cookware is kind of delicate and light and inside the non stick is ceramic . i do n't believe you will have any problem as far as scratching your glasstop surface . 
my box says made in china 
works like a charm , i bought it for my mother , and she uses it every day for every meal , great buy . 
yes ... they look great , the dishwasher does not hurt them , and they do n't stick . i get compliments about how nice they look . 
i 'm not sure if you are asking if these are made in the usa ( which they are ) or what they are made from . they are made from anodized aluminum and `` it features a nonstick ceramic coating that is metal utensil safe and is ptfe , pfoa , cadmium and lead free . the aluminum base guarantees high heat retention making it excellent for searing meats , poultry , and fish and it delivering crisper , more evenly cooked food . '' this means if you ca n't scratch it like the teflon coated ones ( although you can chink it or scratch it if you are using metal utensils - so do n't ) but it does not leave deadly toxins in your food from the teflon . if you let the pan heat up at medium , i guarantee you that you will not even need to use butter or spray because it will slide right out . i am truly amazed at the product for the price point . they are amazing . worth every dollar , but they are so reasonably priced - who cares ? ? ? : - ) 
i turned mine on a little too high once and noticed that the spatula ( which came with the cookware set ) melted a little on the surface . i could n't get it completely off when i washed the pan . i think it has worn off now , but i was n't thrilled about that because i do n't really like using plastic to begin with . this is the only problem i 've had so far with this cookware . 
no idea . does n't claim to be . but not sure . 
says it has a `` lifetime warranty against defects excluding dishwasher damage . '' that 's all i can tell you . 
hi phil , unfortunately , i do n't have the box any longer as i purchased these a couple months ago . however , the description on amazon says that they are both pfoa-cadmium free and ptfe free . hope that helps . 
the dimension of this futon are 14.5 - 29 '' h x 69 '' w x 32 - 38 '' d . 
yea it is pure white . and it was a great purchase ! my daughter uses it as a couch in her room and when friends sleep over its an extra bed ! great product especially for the price ! 
black thin fabric . 
i had my walls painted stark white and this sofa was the same color as the walls . the legs however are beige ( ish ) color 
yes 
seems like molded plastic . it is a good futon but be aware it is small ( anyone over 5'5 '' or so would not be able to lie in it vertically without their feet going over the edge . otherwise it looks good and is a great deal . 
you most likely should expect to receive it early to middle of next week if you order by tonight ! 
twin 
yes , ours is pure white . the legs are lighter than they appeared to me in the picture , however - more of an ecru , and lighter in shade . there may be variation in the product , but i can not speak to that . we love ours ! 
open the depth is about 38 '' . upright the depth is about 32 '' . it also holds up very well to sleeping , and is easy to open and close . hope that helps . : - ) 
the correct dimensions are : *dimensions : 92 '' l x 42 '' w x 43 '' h 
i never measured , but my son has a standard twin mattress on it and it fits perfectly . the rails do n't come up over the mattress too much though , so if your little one is small you might want to get a bedrail for one side and maybe the head . 
yes that is fine . you could even go thicker if you wanted to . the rail is high enough still . it 's a really awesome bed . my 5 year old loves it . 
the size of twin bed mattress and very heavy 
i 'm not there currently to measure but it 's the size of a twin mattress . lots of space for kids to play 
yes 
yes 
i would say no . it needs to be a twin mattress . a toddler mattress would leave space through which a child could fall . 
i put the bed together by myself in about 4 hours . it was n't very difficult and would be quicker with 2 people . the box was bulky and probably 80 pounds . i needed my husband 's help to carry it inside . i ended up taking parts out of the box and moving them to the room i was assembling in . 
you can get a pod accessory that needs filters or has a build in filter that the coffee is put into , but just using the pods needs no filter.. however.. and that is a big however.. if you are using pods , you need to use the smaller mesh-bottomed pods and not the longer all plastic type.. those have a habit of leaking grounds into your cup and then you have `` chewy '' coffee.. when shopping for the pods just look at the box . there usually is a picture of the type of pod in the box.. 
hi . we have not detected a smell . if you smell something , that could be an issue with the heating element . it might be a good idea to exchange the unit . 
the one that i own is the 49995 first version not the 49995r second version , although the r model is available through amazon . 
i am sorry , i have absolutely no idea . i reviewed the 49995 and as you can see from my review , it was horrible . they may have fixed the problems with the r model . 
i 've only used the caribou blend pods with out any problems . 
these two coffee makers are a comprimise -- with the flex model you can use k cups and ground coffee but it only holds 8-11 oz of water -- -the one scoop uses only ground coffee but has a 140z water capasity . both make better tasting coffee than the keurig platinum model i returned . if you want to use just ground coffee buy the one scoop . if you pat the grounds slightly before brewing you get more flavor and no mess if you dont overfill . 
i do n't know . it seems pretty temperamental . it works okay if you use loose coffee , but screws up with the cups . 
this one holds 10 ounces . i do n't know what other one you are comparing it to . save some money and by a used one for $ 24.99 . even though refurbished it looks like new and works well 
600 w 120 v , , , , , , , , , this unit is perfect for that one cup of coffee in the afternoon , , , or extra cup in the morning , , , i 've grown very fond of it . 
no mine works great 
no , the grills do n't come out ( i really have n't tried to take them off either- with my luck , i 'll brake it ) . but they clean real easy with a wet paper towel . never had to scrub them , i just wipe them and that 's it . clean . 
yes 
if that is what is standard in the u.s. , then i guess it is . however , the thing is junk . i used it twice then put in my donation box and gave away . 
i do n't know but if you live near a fry 's grocery this grill is on sale for 7.50 - just got one today . 
i have not tried to do mini-pies so can not answer ; sorry . using bread and fruit is the closest i have come ... it is like a turnover with a mini-pie taste . 
110 watts 
i am sorry , i do n't know . i gave it to someone as gift . 
it measures 11 1 2 '' wide by 11 1 2 '' deep by 8 '' high . almost like a little box - i love this toaster ! hope this helps you . 
megan : you should not have a high pitched noise when you plug it in . i would exchange it . i have the four slice version and like it very much . it does a better job of toasting than any toaster i have had before . i especially like the bagel setting and my husband like the reheat setting . we have not had a reason to use the defrost setting . the count down is especially helpful when making eggs to go with the toast , as everything is timed to be down perfectly . 
no , i do n't think so . i can not recommend this toaster because in less than a year mine was no longer working ! 
only when ours pops up 
i have not found a way . it beeps twice and if you are trying to be quiet , it is n't , but it is n't long beeps and you get used to them . nice if you have left the room and do n't want your toast to get cold . it would be nice to be able to either adjust the volume or turn off . 
slots 5 1 2 inches long- standard depth 
yes it is removable easily 
its just shy of 6 '' long and 6 '' deep . it fits bigger slices than your typical `` white bread '' slices . i too was not sure as to whether to buy this toaster or not . i can assure you that i am quite happy with the toaster and its many functions 
both slots are 1-1 2 x 5-1 2 
i have had no problems with large slices . i love the toaster . 
john - i went and verified this before responding to you - i was able to keep my hand on side and back through the standard 4 setting . the side at the very top got warmer but i could still hold my hand on it . hope this helps with your question . i have had mine for a few months now and i just love it . 
5 inches 
this is a great toaster . after power level 6 toasting , it is hardly warm to the touch on the front , side and back . 
i have a 2 slice unit . it gets warm but certainly not hot . it appears not contain any insulation . 
from product page = product dimensions : 12.6 x 12.3 x 9 inches 
the cord is about 33 1 4 '' with 7 '' under the toaster . the one i have has the cord on the bottom in the front and coming out the back . so that would be 26 1 4 '' to run to an outlet . 
yes , it beeps twice . there is no way to silence it . i also find this annoying and unnecessary . 
china , i 'm sorry to say . 
yes to both questions . we use for bagels quite often . 
about 2 1 2 minutes 
the measurement from outside edge to outside edge of magnets is 32 '' 
it could . this is definitely not air-tight , but it does cut down on the draft quite a bit . 
it will not be too tall , as it has magnetic blocks on the top . i stick mine on the outside of the screen and then just tuck in the excess at the bottom . having the extra actually helps in making with draughts . so always better to go with a size that is a little bigger . 
the cover is very flexible , i have it folded at the bottom . this item works very well , as my handles do not protrude out very far . 
yes its on mine works good 
mines works great with the magnets it came with i had no problems . 
sw probably need large one 
yes 
you will need to have a metal screen to attach the blanket to . the blanket has three magnets along the top and two larger magnets along the sides of the bottom . 
we use it all year long . 
yes . those are the only tanks i use in mine . 
thank you for your inquiry . the revolution is 16 3 4 tall . probably want to plan on 17 '' to be safe . thank you 
you could , but you would have to clean the unit often . ( cold liquid helps impregnate ) 
well if your making soda pop my favorite is cola ... i use 4 squirts from my machine .normally do 2 then two more . energy drinks and lemonade or others 2-3 squirts . hope this helps out some . i take a little water out of it after fizzing it and add my syrup to it ... mix it with a spoon . then add back into bottle.. i enjoy mine . hope this answers your question.. add a few drops of lemon juice to make it taste like pepsi ... enjoy 
thank you for your inquiry and unfortunately we do not ship that item internationally . our apologies on that issue . 
i have n't had that problem and i use my machine daily so i would say no , it 's not normal . if it 's not the outlet ( do other appliances work using that same outlet ? ) , the tank is n't empty , it sounds like the machine broke . 
pretty sure they are made in israel 
no 
filled . 
no it contains hazardous materials . 
the wall wart is labeled 110-240v 50 60 hz . the plug is standard us two prong though so you may need and adaptor . 
it should , yes . it effects all the molecules it interacts with like the smelly chemicals associated with litter pan odors , cooking odors , and probably cigarettes . 
you literally just plug it in . that 's it . it needs occasional cleaning with rubbing alcohol , as per the directions . i think it emits ozone , which reacts with the odor to neutralize it . 
i 'm not sure about that . i do know that this little machine sits on top of my refrigerator and makes the air in the whole front part of my house : kitchen , living room and front entrance hall , smell clean and fresh ... ..even when all the windows are open in the summer . i have 5 dogs and 2 cats , all indoor pets , and my home sure does n't smell like the zoo that it is . i really love it . thinking about getting another unit for the rooms at the other end of the hall . 
i had a problem with one of my units , and they offered to replace it since it was within the 1 year warranty period . i would just send them an email or call their customer service line . 
yes , it seems to help with all pet odors . 
i believe it does . you might want to contact the manufacturer to be sure . but , when you read about the metallic odor , i think it is ozone . personally , i do n't notice the odor . that could be because we have so many dogs . i did n't realize that about ozone . i appreciate the information . 
i 'm suspicious as they do n't say how it works other than flowery meaningless language like reactivates . that is an immediate red flag . they claim it is not an ionizer or ozone generator . ozone generators work very well but are not for regular home use . they are dangerous to use that way and should only be used in for limited time with no one in a sealed room to sanitize it . then the room should be aired out before being used again . ozone is 03 which is highly reactive and oxidizes pollutants . now if you believe the company . and it is n't an ozone generator , what could it be ? sounds like it results in an oxidation process from their language . if not ozone then it could be a hydrogen peroxide generator . hydrogen peroxide is h202 and is also highly reactive ( slightly less than ozone ) . the extra oxygen breaks off and oxidizes things and leaves water behind . so that includes things like the moist lining of your lungs , throat , and nasal passages . not sure this is a great idea . but should depend on the concentration . and notice that the manufacturer 's website talks about how coupling it with a humidifier increases its power . which would be the case if it generates hydrogen peroxide . there are two technologies . pco ( photo catalytic oxidation unit ) and rci ( radiant catalytic ionization ) . pco uses a uv lamp and a catalyst such as ti02 ( titanium oxide ) or nickel which produces hydrogen peroxide , hydroxyls ( very reactive ) and superoxide ions . https : www.peakpureair.com how-tio2-uv-photocatalytic-oxidation-pco-works airfilter with pco by hoover http : www.amazon.com hoover-air-purifier-tio2-technology dp b004clyam2 if not , my opinion is it is too risky to use it without knowing what it does as it appears to produce some kind of reactive particle molecule . might be best to only use when not in the room . the company 's avoidance of clearly stating what it does is a big red flag for me . now also common sense tells you no one in their right mind would develop an air purifying technology just for pets . so obviously whatever this does must be available for other applications . now take a look at the micropure . http : www.dustfree.com products mx4-purification micropure if link does n't work . go to dustfree website and then go to micropure and mx4 purification page and then go to the faq tab . turns out it is a hydrogen peroxide generator . sounds a lot like critter zone . looks like the mystery may have been solved . however , i 'd like to see the company put on the spot and answer whether it is a hydrogen peroxide generator or not . but not done yet . little more digging turned up that bill converse the guy who promotes himself along with this product appears to have been involved with alpine and ecoquest ( which may now be vollara ) . greenville sun about converse selling alpine to his partner and running ecoquest . http : www.greenevillesun.com local_news article bill-converse-continues-developing-new-products-id-267510 consumeraffairs complaints about alpine & ecoquest http : www.consumeraffairs.com health ecoquest.html fresh air surround by vollara ( formerly ecoquest ) on amazon http : www.amazon.com freshair-surround-formerly-ecoquest-activepure dp b00021703c amazon search on vollara turns up alpine & ecoquest productshttp : www.amazon.com s ref=nb_sb_noss_1 ? url=search-alias % 3dlawngarden & field-keywords=vollara & sprefix=volla % 2clawngarden & rh=i % 3alawngarden % 2ck % 3avollara and turns out vollara uses rci technology reference to vollara products using rci technology http : www.spacefoundation.org programs space-certification certified-products space-technology radiant-catalytic-ionization-air ecoquest talking about rci technology http : ecoquestair.com info technologies so looks like it is probably a rci hydrogen peroxide generator but possibly a pco one . still not sure why they do n't spell it out as vollara ecoquest do on other products . hydrogen peroxide , hydroperoxyl , hydroxyl , and superoxide are interrelated . hydroxl produced this way is an ion and superoxide is an anion . a little more : hydroperoxyl http : en.wikipedia.org wiki hydroperoxyl superoxide http : en.wikipedia.org wiki superoxide more on hydrogen peroxide for purification . http : www.h2o2.com products-and-services us-peroxide-technologies.aspx ? pid=112 & name=hydrogen-peroxide this ended up being longer than intended but was curious to explore why converse critter zone would not spell out what their technology is . this is by no means comprehensive . the subjects are pretty complex and the processes can be tweaked by the wavelength of the uv light and exactly what catalyst or combination of catalysts is used . 
in order : put the lock washer ( the one with the break in it ) on the screw first . then put the flat washer on . then install the screw . 
from the floor to the front of the seat - 16 inches at the lowest setting , 21 inches at the highest 
no 
i 'm 4'11 '' and i can tell you that if you are lucky enough to find an office chair to fit petite frames , you 've hit the jackpot . i like the chair , but i had to purchase the obus forme ergonomic orthopedic low back support to shorten the seat length . that particular back support has a movable , velcroed cushion to add additional support where needed . this chair is as good as any , you will just need additional back cushioning for short legs . 
a single cr2032 lithium battery . ( i 'm curious about sue 's answer of `` two '' . i took mine out . there is only one . i wonder if there are various models of this scale . ) 
it is totally plastic with no space that liquid will seep into . i just spray it with disinfectant and wipe it with a rag . very simple to keep clean ! 
it can be easily replaced . it is one of the flat disk batteries . i have n't had to change it yet , the screen turns off automatically when the scale is unused to save battery life . 
i use it to weigh small packages to ship via usps 
1yr , i love this scale . it is a great value too 
the usable weighing surface is about 5.5 inches x 5.5 inches . if the material slightly extends past this it seems to be no problem . i use it mostly to weigh dough for baking equal quantities . 
i simply clicked the `` unit '' icon and the weight changes from g to oz etc . 
it does have the tare function - works like a charm . 
if it were me , i 'd get it replaced right away . i think amazon is pretty good about replacing defective products . ( i use prime so it 's never a problem . ) my scale has been working fine since i got it . i seem to recall i had to replace the original battery soon after i got it , but since then it 's worked perfectly . in the past 6 months it has been used a lot while a dutch friend -- who bakes and cooks every day -- has stayed with me . as is typical for a european , she uses weight instead of volume for nearly all ingredients , hence the scale gets used a lot . 
it came with the battery and it 's a flat round 3v lithium battery . 
last summer my top arrived with a straw and a tiny cleaner . the straw metal , well made , and fits the top nicely . the straw cleaner works great after smoothies . great product ! 
yes , it does . i actually use mine on one occasionally . it is the widemouth ( large mason jars ) that will not fit it . hope that helps : - ) jackie 
this is just the listing for the lid itself . there is no metal straw or cleaning tool included . hope this helps ! 
technically , there are three pieces : the top ( with hole for drinking and one for air ) , the ring , and the rubber seal . you could use a regular canning seal under or in place of the drinking lid for storage . or buy the cheap plastic lids for storage , and swap out for this when you 're ready to drink . 
yes , i think small mouth is the same thing as regular mouth . 
i think it will depend on the size of the dharma straw you have . the hole is about 2.5 millimeters across . hope that helps ! 
yes it will ... as long as it ball , kerr or a brand name not just a jelly jar from the store . 
no plastic just a silicone ? seal that is remove able around the edge of lid . careful who you order from fly sports did not send me the item pictured and i had to reorder from someone else . 
mine came with a straw and a few other people on the reviews said it came with a straw as well . i would contact them 
i bought a set of stainless steel straws on amazon and they fit just fine . ca n't remember the brand , but i think the holes are a standard size for most straws 
yes i bought 2 different size blades works great 
i have one and i just use the regular size that you get at the store . i have cut them in half if i felt they were too long or too fat though , and it works just fine that way . also works good if you need to dice onions 
yes , a small instruction sheet , that just be looking at this you can figure it out in a split second if you misplace them or they are missing . this item is easy to use and very durable . 
i went to manufacturer web page 
no this has a grid , which pushes the potato through to cut french fries , or zucchini sticks etc.. 
shoestring fries are 3 8 '' but yes it will , some people use the 1 4 '' for fries ... .so its your choice 
seperately ? there was 4 cups in my cutter when it arrived . 
have not tried 
you can google hawthorne electric fireplace and find specs on several other web sites 
i have a 65 '' on mine and it does just fine . i 've also had my 220 ' self standing on it , so i 'm sure it 'll support whatever you have . 
the holes are in the backs of the top shelfs . any electronics in the lower shelves need to be routed up to the top shelf or you will need to drill holes of your own . back of the unit is basically solid . 
it is approximately 26 '' w x 21 '' h . 
the shelves are adjustable . i have a component on each shelf and they fit fine . 
call amazon ... all 3 boxes should arrive in the same shipment . 
the picture makes is look a little darker then it is ... its closer to a medium finish . 
no they are not . they have to attach to center part 
the width is 18.5 '' of the top middle section the length is 36.5 '' i love mine 
no 
the measurements of these pillows are : 20 x 26 inches . they are standard size . i have back problems so i was looking for a pillow that would support as well as being comfortable . i love these white feather down pillow white standard size pillows . they are fluffy yet supports . company was very prompt just as they said on their web site . i hope you purchase these and enjoy them as much as i have . good luck . 
the shipping is $ 8.80 per pillow . if you order 2 pillows the shipping would be $ 17.60 . 
hello , this product does not qualify for the free shipping . 
it was a few inches bigger than 42.2 - which unfortunately for me , i was putting it in a space that was 44 inches so i did n't have much room to spare . i made it work , but i think it was over 45 inches wide . 
no the stability would be compromised . the honey you can do rods also do not fit in some of the pre drilled holes for the side shelves . 
i returned it because it was not accurate in the product detail of the width . honestly i can not remember but it is wider than the 42.2 some inches it says it is and was more like 46. i think they have corrected it now because i just looked in the product description and it is 45.25 like it says there . it now has conflicting widths listed between the product detail and product description . both sections had it as 42.2 when i purchased it , which is why i had to send it back . it was really closer to 46 and so it was too big for my closet . i do think they probably have it right now in the product description now as 45.25. hope this helps ! 
not sure exactly , but we generally have about 25 to 30 big and tall men 's shirts and several pairs of jeans hanging at any given time on one bar . 
i would n't recommend it ; the unit 's it not set up for them . it would n't be impossible , though . you could search on amazon for `` casters set of 4 '' , and pick some 2 '' ones that swivel . mounting them with screws might be difficult , so consider a strong adhesive , like gorilla glue . just avoid getting the glue in the center of the base plate , which would nullify the swivel feature . 
exact weight , i do not know . relatively- i ; ve got at least 100+ various dress shirst and tshirts as well as 6-10 pairs of pants distributed evenly on both shelves , and plenty more folded clothes on top ( jackets ans sweaters and sweats ) along with folded clothes on the shelves on the side as well ( shorts and shorts ) and this thing has been strong since october of 2013. the only pit fall is clothes will get wrinkled on the bottom hanger because they are too long for the height of the hanger ( i wear l and xl ) . 
it 's very hard to put together . my sister uses it for her clothes and it always falls apart . i would n't trust plants on it of it collapses ! 
it 's a ( poorly ) printed faux fabric . it looks nothing like the picture . 
thanks for your question ! you can return most new , unopened items sold and fulfilled by amazon.com within 30 days of delivery for a full refund . our online returns center guides you through the process and gives you a printable return mailing label . just click on the link below : 
what color are these pillows . the description conflicts are the pillows black white brown gold and green is the lower dexcription . really confusing . 
theyre just printed on , not hair . they are also black and white . i think they say that in the description but the pic looks like they are brown and white , so i bought them not paying attention . 
the handle is plastic but feels almost as if it is reinforced by steel . the front is upper is plastic on the s curve , but is very sturdy . also the inside is plastic lining where the water gets filtered . overall great product ! 
unfortunately the inside is plastic . very disappointing 
yes . ca n't clean this one either . i quit buying brita after this one they know what they are doing making everything one piece so u ca n't clean it . pathetic sales tactic . pathetic 
no , it just flashes when you pour from the pitcher . 
hm , that i do n't know . i 'm not too up on this , but i think that would depend on your filter . 
~10.4 inches 
this pitcher solves the old brita problem where the lid would pop off if you tried to pour water just after having refilled the top chamber . it also no longer mixes tap water with filtered water when you do this . definitely a big design improvement . 
the whole thing is a piece of trash . i 'd buy something different . mine leaks at the bottom whenever you fill it . i have to put it in a plastic container to catch the leaking water . 
wow . no , i have both the stainless and the clear brita pitchers , and water from each one tastes great . 
yes 
2.5 '' x2.5 '' x4 '' . 2.5 '' being the widest part of the leg and 4 '' being the height . 
8 3 4 inches tall , 20 1 2 inches wide , 36 1 2 inches long . 
no , it is on hinges and is a lid , not a tray . 
yes 
38 `` x 22 '' x17 '' high 
nothing spectacular ... black flet ... but nice , definitely worth the cost ... 
it is just a bit larger than the ottoman . sorry i do n't have the figures to give you . 
four inches . 
the color is dark chocolate . 
is it dark chocolate or black 
it holds 54 6 rows with 9 k cups each . excellent product and well built , had mine for several months now with absolutely no issues . 
i did n't know the answer to this so went and tried it . it stops when the drawer is fully out . i do n't know if there is a way to take out what stops the drawer when it is fully out or not . 
while i 'm not sure about your specific model of cuisinart . the drawer has no problem supporting our full kuerig b70 platinum brewer . 
nope 
no , it only comes with the frame and boards for the mattress to lay on . 
250 # 
the support for the bed is included . i put a $ 99 mattress on it , and it is quite comfortable . 
almost 6 '' of space below the frame . not enough room for a trundle bed . 
i do n't know the exact measurements , but it 's a very space efficient frame . it 's going to be the size of a twin mattress plus maybe a couple of inches on each size . the frame is a little more flimsy than i expected and only holds up to 300 pounds . i would recommend a comfy futon instead of this bed . my toddler son currently has it in his room ( it takes up about a third of his room ) . it is nice that there is a small amount of storage space under the bed . i hope that helps ! good luck with you man cave ! : ) 
no ... i just did a twin mattress and that was a perfect fit i think both would be a bit much 
the largest piece is 74 '' x 36 '' which is the bbackrest of the bed seen in the bed image . all of the other parts come in pieces which should be easier to move up your spiral staircase . good luck ! 
my husband weighs around 185 lbs and he sits on it to watch tv when i`m hoarding the tv in the family room . its very strong . 
do n't have them at this home . sorry i ca n't be of any help 
yes , i ordered the queen size and it swallows my mattress . 
to me it feels no different than any other sheet . 
sure if you do n't mind your dog in your bed . this is a fitted sheet for a bed . there are ones made specifically for animals if that 's what you want . 
i always try to stick with the original when buying something like this . i have not tried other brands but i 'm very satisfied with the quality of this brand and it 's the original . so even if it 's a bit more expensive i 'd go with this one . 
you should ask the manufacture of the earthing sheet . electric blankets arnt good for you tho : 
i was told not to do it . would love to have a second one to change with but too expensive . 
no you ca n't put anything over it . the whole idea of the sheet is that you sleep on it and that 's how the eathing happens . putting a sheet over it will insulate you from it . it 's a great sheet and does n't nee anything over it . hope that helps . 
if you go to the earthing.com website where they sell all of the earthing products you will find the flat sheet available . i think it is a newer product as well as the pillowcases . the need for a flat sheet in addition to the fitted sheet is really dependent upon the the condition of the person using it . if you are just looking for better quality of sleep and and calmness and lower blood pressure as well as incresed circulation probably the bottom sheet is enough . but if you are struggling with pain in different parts ( like arthritis for example ) of the body where the fitted sheet may not be doing enough due to limited contact with one side of the body , i would recommend investing in the top sheet as well . my mother has arthritis type paid in different parts of her body and she started out with the pillowcase i gifted her but she found more benefit by adding the patches i gave her later because she could move it around on her body to target the pain that would wake her up . this is why she is wanting to get the flat sheet and fitted sheet at the same time so that she will be completely enveloped in the earthing material . i would recommend the recover bag for her but she still gets hot flashes and would become to hot to sleep . apparently if you live near the earting store in california you can go in and purchase a earting mattress ! and they even deliver ! too bad i live in mn , outside of their delivery area . i wonder if the people that feel that earthing does n't work for them would have better results if they tried the mattress , just because that would be the superior way to sleep grounded . it is also important to be sure you do not have a magnesium deficiency or a twisted disconnected energies in your body as these could prevent the earthing from working properly . i had to order some magnesium infusion body spray for my husband because he was tested with a severe deficiency and we also visit a highly recommended accupressurist 2-3 times per year to make sure our energies are in proper order . i recommend this to everyone as well as the earthing of course ! ! 
the sheets are extremely touchy and lose their conductivity easily . i 'm not familiar with that powder ( i use soap nuts ) , but if there is any oil involved , it will ruin the sheet . 
you will need to buy the twin size fitted sheet . they manufacture a twin size . 
it fits my deep-pocket mattress very well . i also have to buy deep pocket sheets . 
yes you can , but to get the maximum benefit you should sleep directly on he earthing sheet . 
yes 
no 
i know nothing about a magnetic mattress pad at all . . the earthling sheet has a very subtle effect so it would probable be hard to determine the result if you tried it out good luck adw 
i am not certain what sort of field an electric mattress pad creates , but it may not give you the results you desire to ground if being surrounded by an electric mattress pad . here is a link to their faqs : http : www.earthing.com searchresults.asp ? cat=1835 # d14 scroll to the part about using a laptop -- i 'm guessing a mattress pad does n't generate that much compared to a laptop , but if successful grounding and reducing your exposure to electrical fields is your goal , using a heating pad might not be helpful . 
almost all modern wall outlets are grounded . the sheet connects via a cable to the outlet . 
yes . but it has special washing instructions on the sheet . 
how long does sheet last under normal wear and tear 
yes my stainless steel straws fit into these lids . enjoy ! 
no , lid itself measures 2 1 2 `` , adding part that screws to jar , total diameter is 2 3 4 '' . 
to stop rust , just wipe dry with cloth . 
only received the lid . it fits my 16oz jar and 8oz jar with a wide mouth . 
no they only fit regular mouth jars 
it fits a regular mason jar . not sure of size . like ball or kerr 
it fits a large straw . the straw that comes with it is a bit larger than those colorful striped straws you can buy by the box at walmart . i love my lid and straw . i use it all the time . hope this helps . marie 
greed 
sorry i dont know exact measurement but its like a regular straw mayb a little bit wider ... similar to a mcdonalds straw if that helps . 
greed 
no . tried it . have n't been able to find a bucket that it will fit yet . 
it works very well . when i received it was brand new . package well , in prefect use , not damage . it do wonders 
im not sure exactly how to answer this question . but the cheap mops from family dollar work . u just have to leave it twisted when u wring . sams club r bigger n hold u better . most water wrings out . if u want a small mop though i personally would get a smaller wringer . 
hi , fred , no , sorry , just one tub . that separation idea is a good one , though . this is a really , nice sturdy mop bucket . but i think you should invent your idea . 
the measurements of the wringer are 9 inches width 11 inches front to back 16 inches long . these measurements do not include the handle and you can add about 4 more inches to the width . 
i bought the six wide mop head , it seems to work perfectly with this bucket . as far as where to buy i would recommend lowes or home depot they seem to have a better quality . 
yes it actually does come off . this should say 6pcs because the wheels are unattached when it arrives ( easy to push in ) and the wringer detaches . 
just push med hard and then sit the bucket upright . the weight of the mop and water will push them all the way in . 
i do n't know about filters but it plugs into the cigarette lighter in your car . does n't run on batteries . 
i used to use a 12v converter , but it did not provide enough power . i am now using a black & decker jumper , it works well . so , assume 14 to 15v converter might work . 
it 's about 16feet . when i plug it infront , it can go all the way to the back end of my ford truck . suction power is not that great tho . 
there are out there but they wo n't work . i can suggest to you if you have a car jumpstarter that has a 12 volt socket which is rated 200watts and more , then you can use it inside the house . i tried four ac to dc inverters already but they wo n't work . those jumpstarter range from 80 to more than a hundred dollars each . if you can find an inverter that will work with this please tell me . 
it works pretty good for what it is . it should het the sand out 
just clean the dust out 
black and decker specifications indicate this flex auto vac is 11.5 air watts . 
no , liquids would gum up the filter and short out the vaccuum 
no it is n't . 
yes . i am a smoker and the ashes fall in the cup holder . it does an excellent job . you only have to finish with a damp cloth . 
alexandra , i have not tried this , but in general , since the clips are very short and heavily weighted on the bottom , i think they can hold them . you should be aware that the clip is quite sturdy , and may damage the lp cover or vinyl itself . 
no they are not adjustable . we used the 4 '' for reception tables and they were the prefect height . 
yes , 12 pieces per order 
yes 
its 12 individual stands . there is nothing to assemble . pretty good quality . the ones i have are still in good condition ! 
the bottom of the harp is nearly 1 '' . the clamp portion ( at the top of the harp ) is 3 4 '' . i bought 2 heights of these holders , and both are fairly sturdy , but the 3 '' height tips over easier than the 1-3 4 '' height . harp dimensions are the same for both . 
there are different heights available . they should be listed with the item information . it can hold card stock . you can adjust the prongs to the width you want by pulling them apart and then tightening them together again . 
yes 
there really is n't much of a difference at all . only notable differences are 10 year warrantee ( vs. 7 ) , 5 year labor warrantee , velvet lined holder for attachments ( vs. unlined ) , illuminated side parking lights ( vs. not lights on sides ) , under body lights ( vs. no lights underbody ) , velvet bumper strips ( vs. rubber ) , and an automatic suction control option . that 's it . hoses , cords , bag capacity , attachments are all the same even length . 
i ca n't accurately answer that question because i have only owned or used the miele s8990 uniq . i can , however , tell you that i am a 53 year old housewife with several pets and grandkids and have never had a vacuum that i have been satisfied with in the long term until i broke down and spent the money on the miele ! it works equally well on carpets , hardwood floors , tile and linoleum . it does n't lose power or suction over time . it uses cloth bags that keep the dust in the bag because emptying a canister is a mess . my husband has even used my beloved miele out in his garage and came in bragging about how tough it is . the best part about it is how amazingly quiet it is . i really can not say enough about the quality of this vacuum and i have used top of the line models from hoovers to dysons and everything in between and i will only ever own a miele from now on . 
well the air exaust port is on the top of the canister and is filtered so it pretty much expells air in a straight colum of air . you really have to be over the vacuum to feel the exaust . 
21 feet . 
the miele is probably the finest vacuum i have ever owned ( i 'm 63 ) . it comes with the powered rug attachment which does everything you need , and it has a great brush for bare floors . the entry cost is very high , but it is quality through and through . hope this helps in your decision 
no they do not . 
have you tried the manufacturer ? if not , perhaps a restaurant supply company may be able to help . 
i would assume so but have not tried - what would you want to heat up ? 
i think about 9 inches ? no leaking so far . we use them for honey and agave for smoothies . 
mine came without caps . 
no . they have no smell . the only drawback is that they do n't come with caps . 
yes they are 
yes 
not sure 
pre cut 
i bought one for 19.99 in la last week . 
yes 
no . it is a stainless steel bottom . 
stainless steel inside 
the one i bought was . 
i think it 's about 2.5 inches but it looks exactly like the picture that was attached to this email . 
screw on 
comes out quite hot . 
yes , it sujre does 
yes , i only use this for making iced tea and it 's great . quick , easy and delicious ! ! 
no , it makes about a quart 
that is pretty much accurate ... works like a charm ! 
the coffee is hot and drops to the glass coffee pot full of ice so does get cold..bought it for my mom and she loves it 
i have n't tried it but i think this machine is only for cold drinks 
yes , according to hamilton beach , you can use loose leaf tea or tea bags to make iced tea . 
you have to fill the tank , preferrably with some sort of filtered water . i just fill it at my fridge . 
new . love the machine . not sure about warranty . have had the machine 1 1 2 years with no problems . 
it is approximately 13 '' tall with a depth of 15 '' . fits easily under counter , but have to pull it out a little to open lid to install vue cup . not a big deal . love the machine ! 
nope ! that part kind if sucks but i love the machine . we order the boxes online either grin amazon or thru office max 
other than the high price for vue cups , i like the v1255 . i made the mistake of using a k-cup in the k-cup converter and ended up with grounds in the machine its self . i did finally get it working again and would never use the converter , except when using a k cup basket and my own coffee . you have more options , like stronger and size of coffee cup . keurig appears to be pushing the vue 2 to the point of abandoning prior machines . currently i have both the v1255 and the vue 2 and would select ether machine . 
80oz 
yes you can use k-cups as well as other types of coffee pods or your own ground coffee with the solofill v2 cup adapter . here is the link to the item http : www.amazon.com solofill-v2goldcup-v2-gold-cup dp b00du1atcu ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1386166177 & sr=8-1 & keywords=solofill+v2 
yes you can only use k cups with an adapter like `` k2v-cup for keurig vue brewers . '' i use k-cups everyday in mine without problems and my neighbor has one too and does the same . vue cups are nice , but not found anywhere and not really worth buying online . check this out at staples for great pricing . 
hi-we have an antique bed that has a slits in the head and footboards . the parts do fit our bed . if i understand a claw-you mean a metal hook type gadget . that would fit also . when we bought our frame the company phoned us to make sure the size of our bed and asked questions so we knew it would fit the bed . never had any company do that . they are super to deal with . we truly like the frame-sturdier than our old one . hope this helps you 
i converted an antique bed that was n't even double size . the length of the new rails is determined by the queen size box spring mattress . the width is covered by the extensions that are in the rails . it is quite simple and easy . 
i had to install shims and other boards to make it less wobbly . i works now but out of he box it did n't . i almost sent it back but there is n't a lot of options in conversion rails . it ended up working but i got creative . 
no 
irene , this is a common question . no one hook side rails will not work correctly or safely with beds designed with two pin hook in slots . as a matter of fact not all two hook side rails will work either . this is because the ispa international sleep products association standards put in place are voluntary and not every bed manufacturer follows those standards . they do this opting to build a bed and frame that is unique that they can call their own . this leaves them as the only source for replacements . 
the rail measures 83 inches . 
yes 
i 'm sorry i 'm afraid that i ca n't answer your question satisfactorily because i 'm still waiting for my frame rails to arrive . the company sent me a bogus email with a bogus tracking number and i still have not gotten any feedback . 
the cross member is not adequate to support a split box spring . if you look at the other comments after the original post i believe that it explains that my husband had to alter the glideaway by adding steel cross members to the unit . it fits well and is a good design for single queen size box springs but does not satisfy a split box spring as it is . hope this helps . if not , you can contact again for further clarification . 
that should n't be a problem as long as it fits snugly between the rails the same as a box spring would . if you have any additional questions , please feel free to call us at 1-800-823-4233 . 
velocity , our cs3l is designed to work with most steel hook in rails . the type of side rails you speak of are not free standing and are often made of wide rolled steel making the bl1 too wide to fit . the bl1 is designed to fit inch and a quarter or inch and a half angle iron . the second issue is that the bl1 big lift support is built specifically to fit free standing standalone hollywood type frames . additionally these frames can bolt up to a headboard or headboard and footboard . ( doug belleville stl beds manager ) 
it is the full bar with the feet ... ... ..works well too . really strengthens up the frame . 
no i had to send it back . 
depending on how high your bed frame is off the floor , it may need some tweaking . other than that , an inexpensive way to give some added support . it slid onto my metal frame with no trouble . 
we have a queen size foundation and frame . this center support is adjustable for either . we actually used it to extend support on the end of the bed since the frame was short . the light mattress & foundation would tilt up when you sat on the end . this center support for our particular need was not used in the center . it is attached to the end cross frame by threaded rods and screwed to the wood end of the bed foundation . for that it worked fine ! 
it did help but i also bought some bed slats to make sure of support . 
these supports are designed to interlock with a metal rail . the ends consist of an open metal clamp of about a 1 8 '' clearance in which a metal bed rail fits . these are not designed for wood bed rails . 
i could n't find the sheets separately , so i just went to walmart and purchased solid colored sheets and it was perfectly fine . 
hello , this set only comes in twin . 
sorry we do not . 
very soft , not scratchy at all - very warm and the sheets are as soft and comfy as brushed flannel ! 
not sure it was a present and shipped to my friends 
i 've had 8 at a time but , i guess it depends on how big your guests are : ) 
i honestly do n't know but , i do n't think so . my wife bought scotch guard and we used it the same day it arrived . 
the seat cushions on the reimann curved sofa are removable and reversible . 
the back is more firm . cushions are foam . this is a gorgeous couch and we have received lots if compliments . it is very comfy but not like the type of couch you sink down in . 
we apologize personalization is not more straightforward . you can enter your personalization request in the gift message section at checkout or email the merchant directly after placing your order . if you purchase from us , we will send a confirmation email once we receive your personalization and we will ensure your item is personalized as per your request . i hope this answer is helpful . 
if you order today , 12 7 from us and include your personalization in the `` gift message '' box during checkout , your order will arrive before christmas . carol , serendipity shopper llc 
unfortunately , no . the barrels only come `` charred '' . carol , serendipity shopper llc 
yes 
hi brian , we can have these in the mail in 1-3 days . october 8th is n't a problem . when you purchase and send us the personalization , please write you need these by the 8th in the same note . this way we will rush your order . thanks ! my personal memories 
we can get it to you by the 27th if you choose black bands and no engraving . please send us a message after purchase letting us know you need it by the 27th . 
three block initials and a block custom line ( max of 12 characters ) , so your `` est 10 18 14 '' would fit on the second line . i hope this helps . 
if there is no gift message option during checkout , then please email the seller with your personalization information . thank you . 
please look for the `` gift message '' box during checkout or email seller after completion of sale . we will email back with confirmation of personalization . thank you . 
hello will , unfortunately , there is no way for us to guarantee delivery by next friday with engraving . 
lynn , i recently got a new low flow toilette which has a weird oval shape opening . i tried using my basic plunger and it did not work at all . after reading reviews , i decided to try this one . it works very well for odd shaped holes . i was leary when i got it , but it does work . 
yes , and you can buy replacement heads . 
yes , it is easy to clean . the base ( where it sits ) is plastic and can be easily rinsed . 
i will bend the plunger towards me , and it works great ; you can feel it `` take '' the plunger back when you replace it in it 's stand . 
assembled with the plunger in its base , the height is about 23.24in . the base is a little oblong , not quite round , but is about 7in wide and 8inches long 
hello janine , this is a one gallon jar . measures 10 '' x 5.5 '' x 5.5 '' hope this helps . let me know if you have further questions . thank you . 
i have never put it in the dishwasher , i have been hand washing it . the lid definitely could not go in a dishwasher since that is the solar mechanism . 
it 's not flimsy ; about as thick as a reusable water bottle 
yes , this item is `` polyethylene pete , bpa free , and phthalates free . '' 
this sharpener is petech . it is shown on a wusthof youtube video . you can find this video if you google wusthof precision edge technology . 
yes 
the unit is manufactured by chefs choice model number 2933 is assembled in the usa . customer service 1-800-289-9878. it 's a great machine very happy with it . 
the machine is made for wusthof products ; i 've used it on other german made steel from the 60 's with no problems . i have used on current knives , chicago steel , etc . and it does an ok job . as for scratching never noticed any , it really works great with their products , and ok with others , it 's the wusthof edge , it sharpens to . but never observed scratch on any cutlery 
i do n't believe it matters what brand knife you own . i have several brands of knifes and it works better than any of the other two sharpeners i have owned . it 's a winner , unlike the cubs . 
as far as i can tell , the only difference is the blade angle . may even be too sharp- just be very careful - the new blades are like razors ! 
they are 110 volt 
it can not `` sharpen '' serrated edges in the true sense , but running the knife through the far right stropping wheel removes burrs from the serrated edge and helps a great deal . i love this sharpener . 
not sure how long they will last but typical diamond sharpeners last for years and years . these are replaceable . my sharpener does a super job . i use it more than my $ 800 tormek which is gigantic . 
this sharpener will work on non-wusthof knives . the first stage ( `` coarse '' ) will provide the angle wusthof uses . it may take quite a number of passes . 
this fry pan is made in korea . it is one of the best fry pans i haver ever used . 
it 's big , but not extremely deep . i would say it is about 2.5 inches deep . i poured water from a 2 quart pitcher into it and there was about a half inch of space between the water and the top rim . i hope that helps . 
no . no need . 
if it is an aluminum pan it will not work on an induction stove . it at least needs a steel or iron core . you can test any pan by using a magnet . if the magnet sticks , the pan will work on an induction stove . 
it 's a great quality pan with even hear dispersion . i would say it 's definitelu thicker than most . i know what you mean and it is not one of the thin bottom pans 
yes it has fruit and veggy 's great pan give it a 8 
yes 
the bottom of the pan which contacts the wrought iron stove grates is 8 inches 
about 2 1 4 inches 
maybe two bananas wide and three stacked high . 
made in korea 
if it wo n't soak or boil off , make a paste of baking soda and water . scrub gently with a paper towel or safe scrubbing pad . this is what scanpan recommends to restore nonstick pans . 
the wok is plain red all around . 
we have been using this on gas stove with no issues . it is dishwasher safe and the lid is vented 
yes , i was able to use it on induction cook top . the pan did not last me more than around 8 usage though because it started sticking even when there were no scratches on the surface at all . i ended up returning mine . 
it is fairly heavy for a wok . it also has too large a bottom for a wok . 
yes , it works on a gas stove very well 
yes , all our flamekiss pans are dishwasher safe . 
comes with lid . it 's quite deep but deep frying ( if that 's what you mean would required ) would be limited . better to get a deep frying pan . btw - i really love this frying pan . works well , cleans even better . 
they are similar to other foam pillows but this one i would honestly say it 's firm but soft . you wo n't wake up with your neck hurting if you get these . i 've also noticed i do n't toss and turn as much in the night anymore . hope this helped ! 
its very cooling for me and i flip my pillows all night long anyway which r cooler on the other side : ) 
you can find pillow cases at any home improvement store such as walmart or lowe 's . 
perfect for however you sleep . i toss and turn and have a pinch nerve on my neck i totally recommend them ! enjoy 
no . i bought 2 for myself and was so happy i bought 2 for my boyfriend and neither order did we notice a smell . i know the smell you speak of because i 've bought toppers and a memory foam bed . 
they do not . 
i never noticed a smell on my pillows , maybe wash the covers it came with . if not send you hen back ask for new ones . 
no , it ships flat . though you can fold condense it to the size of a dictionary and it snaps back into shape with ease . 
approx . 21 '' x 16 '' 
it may be another deliberate misinformation from this vendor . their pillows are very small , 21x15 , and when i bought them they had an artificially low price and , to my annoyance , a very high shipping rate . i would avoid buying sleep master products in the future , and i suggest you avoid them as well . 
i suppose they are . i have a glasstop stove , and i use these pans on it every day . these are my favorite pans to cook with . 
unfortunately flamekiss is made in korea . the set is nice but like you i always look for made in the usa and would gladly pay more to support americans and us manufacturing . it 's a great set though and the price is right . 
i 'd say no . since no heavy metals are used in the manufacturing process and induction cook tops uses an electromagnetic field to heat the cookware . the cooking vessel must have iron content , or be magnetic , to allow the transfer of the energy . flamekiss cookware is cast aluminum , which to me does not qualify as heavy metal . hope this helps . 
i just use mr. clean eraser . do n't put in dishwasher raw aluminum on bottom turns black 
yes , they do , with the exception of the smallest one which is solid red . 
no . the handles can not withstand the heat . 
no . 
i really do n't know but the set is excellent i 've had it for over 8 months 
i have a 6 burner gas top and have used these pans without any problems . the flames are directed over the bottom side of the pans pretty evenly . 
no 
the 5 year warranty covers against any damage due to faulty workmanship . this includes faulty sewing and permanent indentations depressions . 
it 's quite firm - as firm as any 'firm ' mattress i have ever had and a very good alternative if you are not ready to replace your mattress , but need support , as we did , for a bad back . 
should work but it may slide around 
i do n't think it would be wise to refold it . rolling it gently would be better . we will be storing ours as a mattress topper on a bed and then removing it to use on the airbed when guests come . that way it wo n't compress again . btw it has now expanded around 1 3 of the perimeter of the bed so i know it will eventually be 100 % . 
sorry i do n't know how large of my frying pan , but i think mine is about 10 inch because it fits perfect 
that is the inner lip size . 
the diameter of the lip on the underside of the lid ( outside edge to outside edge ) is exactly 10 '' . hope this helps . 
the inside diameter of my pan is exactly 10 '' . however , 10 & 1 16 should be okay to use with this knob . i do n't think the diameter of the pan really matters much . hope this is helpful . 
dear customer : the dimension for this sectional sofa are : w : 94.88 inches d : 62.99 inches h : 32.28 inches please let me know if you need more help . regard ... home design hd customer service 
dear daniel , left side chaise is opposite to the picture . the correct manner to choose the chaise is when you face the sofa . the sofa on the picture is right chaise . after you place the order you can send us an email explaining which side of the sofa you want . we have both ( left and right ) in stock . let me know if you have any other question or concern . regards.. claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
yvonne there is not any attachment between sofa and chaise.i was very disappointed ..ill give you one advice .be sure when your sofa be delivered you open package and check really well for any damage like scratches , dent in fabric , oil spot or any dent in wood frame of side and back of sofa before you sign delivery approve . ! ! ! i have opene package i find damage as delivery company witnesses ! ! ! if that will happen describe all damage on delivery approval before you sign ! ! ! good luck.trust me was lot hassle with store . 
dear nam : we only have left configuration . the right configuration will be available in 6 weeks . let me know if you have other question . 
dear j.bol , once your order is approved by amazon we will send you an email requesting confirmation for the position of the chaise that you prefer . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear andrea , if you decide place the order today and the order is processed by amazon today too then we can ship it tomorrow however we can not guarantee that will arrive on november 7 exactly because that depends of the freight carrier and the location where you live . if you provide the shipping address i can give you an estimated delivery day now . let me know if you have any other question or concern . regards ... . claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear customer , the ferrara sectional fabric upholstery is available in 3 colors dark gray , light gray and ivory . the fabric is : italian grade a. content : 20 % cotton , 11 % acrylic and 69 % polyester . you can see the different colors here : ferrara dark gray : http : www.amazon.com gp product b00l1avw4q ferrara light gray : http : www.amazon.com gp product b00l1b3ec8 let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear ernesto , vacuum regularly . wipe clean with a damp cloth or shampoo using appropriate upholstery shampoo . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear allison , this model is available in dark gray ( exclusive modern furniture edition # 61 : bennetti modern sectional sofa ferrara dark gray ) and black bonded leather ( pictures not available ) let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
hi . unfortunately , by now , we only have the bennetti modern sectional sofa ferrara in dark grey . thanks for your question and please do not hesitate in asking for any of our products . regards . 
love the sofa but , can not leave a foam topper on it & fold it up . topper has to be stored separately & put on the sleeper when in use ... . 
the product seems to be a man made leather product ... .. 
the mattress is about 3inches thick . we added an egg crate foam topper and have been told it is very comfortable . 
nope its not big enough to sleep on unless you sleep the long way . 
dear customer , we estimate between 2 and 3 months . ferrara sectional sofa white bonded leather with the chaise on the right side is under manufacture process . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear sylvia , dimensions are : 32.28 '' h x 94.88 '' w x 62.99 '' d let me know if you have any other question or concern . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear eric , facing the sofa , the chaise on the right side is sold out . will be back in stock in around 2 months . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear viviana , the upholstery for the ferrara sectional sofa white is bonded leather . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear nadia , yes , the perspective of the chaise is determined by looking at the sofa from the front , so in the first picture , for example , the chaise is on the left side ( in stock ) . second picture is right side and is sold out for now . you can place the order and then email us saying which side do you want the chaise , in this case you already know that the second picture ( chaise on the right side ) is sold out . let me know if you have any question or concern . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear robin , height from floor to seat cushion is around 18in . legs height around 7in . seat depth from the back cushion around 22,44in . chaise depth from the back cushion around 53,15in . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear nadia , is bonded leather and is white . let me know if you have any other question . claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear nadia , ferrara edition 7 the upholstery is bonded leather and the color is pure white . ferrara edition 9 the upholstery is fabric and the color is ivory that is more like a cream color . let me know if you have any other question . claudia cudicini . customer service home design hd 
it uses an lr44 battery ( that is the same one that is in virtually every small noisy child 's toy ) an ag13 will also work . 
the metal probe is 2.75 '' long . the entire unit is 6.75 '' long . however the protective cap when connected to the opposite end makes the unit 10 '' long . this nice feature saves a lot of fingers when the grill is really hot . this is a great unit and i definitely recommend it . 
yes , it turns itself off after about 10 minutes . 
yes it is and it does 
no 
i have been able to use bare hands on all of the pieces , even after long periods on the stove top . they get hot , but not uncomfortably so . this , of course , does not apply when the pieces are used in the oven . 
it depends . the 15 piece set was made in the usa and is clearly marked on the box . see - http : www.tramontina-usa.com some of the specialty sets are made both in the usa and i believe in brazil . sometimes i will see an odd piece or so in a discount store and they always say made in china . i got the 15 piece set and absolutely love it . one hint - do not ever put high heat under the pot or pan . it is n't needed . good luck ! 
350 degrees f 176 degrees c 
i definitely would n't recommend it . 
my 15 piece set has a 10 '' saute pan with lid , an 8 '' fry pan , 12 '' fry pan with lid , 12 '' round grill pan , 5.5 '' , 6.5 '' and 7.5 '' diameter sauce pans with lids , 12 '' stir fry pan , and a 9.5 '' x7 '' covered stock pot . 
http : en.m.wikipedia.org wiki induction_cooking 
they are anodized , not teflon 
i have n't had any issues with bubbling or other type defects with tramontina . what i did receive from my amazon purchase is a couple of warped pieces in my set . not fatal flaws but i do expect quality to be good . 
it is a bigz die , so it is thick . i do not have the grand calibur , so i can not answer your question with certainty . if you are able to use other bigz dies , then this one should work . i use it with my big shot . 
on the box the stars approximate assembled sizes are listed as 5 1 4in x 5 in for the large & 2 5 8in x 2 1 2in for the small . i made mine out of regular scrapbook paper and the large star measures 5 1 4 inches in diameter and the small one measures 2 1 2 inches in diameter-two of the same size can be glued together for a totally neat 3d star ( there are tabs on the back ) 
small is 2-1 2 '' the big one is 5 '' 
i am not sure . i have a big shot and used it in that . but the cuttlebug appears to be very similar , so i dont see why not . but again , not totally sure . 
it might but it would dull or damage the due badly 
it is brown with beige ! hope this helps 
the same exact thing happened to me , and i paniced . you probably did purchase the brown color , but if you go back to your 'recent order history ' on your amazon account , it will show what you just purchased , including color , etc . good luck - it 's a beautiful set ! ! ! 
the one i got was just brown . the duvet was excellent . but everything else that came with the set was less than ok. but i ordered it for the duvet ... so i felt that the pillows and shams were just an added premium . but i would order this duvet again . 
yes it is . this product includes care instructions that can be found on the back of the packaging and on a sewn tag . 
i use it without a comforter in the summer and when the weather gets cool i put in a comforter or quilt . 
yes there is an ivory microfiber bed skirt that would match , i would recommend the chocolate or taupe for contrast depending on your headboard and room decor . http : www.bedbathbay.com microfiber-bed-skirt-p 1743.htm , please use the link to see our options and thank you for your inquiry . 
it is not as described.its beige . at least mine is . 
yes , i would think so . it 's a light champagne colored set . perhaps more taupe than champahe , but it is a tiny bit metallic , which lends itself more to a champagne coloration . i will also say , i have had this set for maybe 3-4 years , it 's still my favorite , and has held up very well , with only minor pilling , and the loss of two buttons . 
the size should be 106x92 for the king cal king 
not so much gold , more beige . nice set though ... 
you do n't have to but it will be very flat if you do n't . i put a medium weight goes down from costco in mine and it looks great ! you can pick up a down alternate comforter for $ 49 at tj maxx or marshalls and that 'll do the trick too without busting your wallet . 
the color is beige not gold . it is a beautiful set . it 's well made and looks like it cost more than i paid for it ! ! ! ! you wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! ! 
no there was n't . 
i honestly do n't know , but i would imagine that it is made in china , or mexico , where our congress has allowed all corporations to move their factories at huge savings while remaining an `` american '' company , banking money in off-shore bank accounts for little or no corporate tax , moving american jobs there for starvation wages , and allowing us to buy back their products through a trade agreement that generates a huge deficit when we 're already broke . 
its not small its a perfect size ! it looks great i bought one for my father and it is a big conversation piece ! and i also bought one for my brother after he saw my fathers he loved it . not small at all its like a normal size mug 
i love mine , i do n't have any trouble drinking from it , it even works in my keurig single cup coffee maker . 
i ran it through the dishwasher once and it is fine . hubby took it to work and have n't seen cup since then . 
porcelain 
i have n't washed it in the dishwasher , but i 'm pretty sure it is dishwasher safe . it 's an easy to clean cup so i always handwash it . as for the microwave , no i would n't put it in the microwave . i re-heated coffee in this cup in the microwave , and the cup was extremely hot . hot enough to burn and sting my fingers . dishwasher = probably okay . microwave = no . 
it 's like a regular coffe cup ! it 's the neatest one by far ! my husband loves it ! 
good question ! ! had to try it ! ! 20 seconds in a comercial microwave and i did n't see any sparks ! ! it was pretty hot though . 
buy the mug , then take it to a local print shop that has the ability do custom press-on printing for mugs . 
yes . brand new . 
not sure which measurement you are actually asking for so here are a few for you ... ... the cushion base that you actually `` sit '' on measures 13 '' from the floor . the top of the back cushion in the raised position measures 31 '' from floor . of course my cushion back has to lean against the wall because it wo n't stay upright on it 's own after it was leaned against only a few times but we found it more comfortable that way anyway . 
i bought two of these ( at different times ) . the first one has a thicker material covering and would be fine . the second one has a different thinner material covering and you can feel the frame more ... so is less comfortable . i would say for kids and teens either would be fine but an adult may not agree . 
do n't know the official weight limit , but i am 134lbs and my husband is about 200. we both can sleep on it with no problems . and for sitting , another person of my husband 's size can sit with us for sure . 
very simple . the pieces are zipped into the back you open and easily assemble . 
it 's pretty small ... check the measurements . do n't think you 'll find anything cheaper . the plastic legs on the bottom will break quickly . you 'll probably want to get extended warranty if you buy it . 
yes 
hi bryan . sorry the futon is at condo , where i am not . i can tell you that dbl sheets fit and also that it will be on the small side of that even . 
yes , it came with four legs . 
not sure i do n't sleep on it nor really plan to . i bought as an alt to tradition living couch to be a bit more unique 
yes it folds to a full size ( isn ) . i do n't know that its exact specs to a full size but i believe its close enough . it comes mostly assembled . the packaging is pretty ingenious . i think it took me 15-30 minutes to stand it up out of the box . 
it is made in the us . the lable says ; 120v ac ; 60 hz and 0.6 m. hope this helps . i love mine and have given kitchen aid products as gifts too . 
it 's a strong beater but i have n't mixed cream cheese yet . however i have mixed stiff cookie dough with choc chips & walnuts included in dough . it probably would do just fine with cream cheese as long as the cheese is at room temperature & softened . hope this helps 
great question . i could n't find the answer anywhere and i was considering ordering this . per the rep at kitchenaid , it is 145 watts . 
true stir ... ... 
depends on how deep your bowl is ! obviously the faster the speed , the more it splatters . all in all a good product . 
hi diane , without the leg extensions , it stands 9 inches from the top of the bed to the top of the laptop tray , and with the extensions , it will stand about 14 inches . hope this helps ! dee 
yes it has several positions that can be used for your laptop 
it might be a tight fit , i measured mine at 21 1 2 inches , you might have to let the laptop hang over the edge a bit . i really like the desk . 
they have a demonstration on everything you can do with it at hsn.com 
yes it is large enough for a . 17 '' laptop as long as u do not need to use a mouse . plenty of room for ventilation . 
not really . if you flip the tray around , then the incline would be backwards , and the guard to keep your laptop from sliding down would be at the top . if you do n't plan to use the incline ever , then i suppose this can work , but i would n't recommend it . 
what are the dimensions ? 
there are two leg height settings , one of which is fairly tall , so i have n't used that one yet . the led can by powered by aaa battery , or by your laptop with a usb cable that comes with . 
yes it will hang over about an inch . this is a good item to have with a smaller lightweight laptop . i have a 15 '' also and it is a bit heavy so i do n't use it with the slant option . 
yes it has 4-5 usb ports 
this is my husbands favorite love seat , he is a young 73. he says that the seat is not as deep as a normal couch . so if you are tall , over 5 ' 11 '' and taller you would not find it comfortable . we also found it easy to set up , no tools needed . the cushions are not loss , they fit in place . best buy for us in a long time . we are going to buy the full size couch soon . vendor is also very good . great price , looks great too . 
it was more firm when i first got it but has softened up quite a bit with use . as a college student in a small apartment it 's the perfect couch for me , for the price it ca n't be beat , but if you are looking for something higher end check a few others out first . 
20 inches . at 74 i have no problem . very satisfied . good value . 
this sofa does not recline . 
i do n't know , but i would be careful ordering . loveseat was pulled from sales after i got half a loveseat twice . manufacturer has serious quality control issues 
not yet -- -- -we have had it since last fall ( 2013 ) including fairly rough treatment cats and a medium size dog . we may not be the most discriminating customer , but it is still in good shape , has garnered general admiration , and was not very expensive . 
the `` back '' of the couch can be taken off . so yeah , it comes in 2 pieces . along with the armrest in a small separate package . the larger piece would be the base of the couch , which includes the padding , i do not know the exact dimensions , you should be able to find it at the amazon link . i also have a narrow doorway , it 's about 20 inches wide and 75 inches high , the couch got through fine . it 's fairly light weight , a normal size man can carry the pieces alone . 
no . i have had it for six months and there is no peeling . 
i 'm 5'3 130lbs . i got it into my apartment unpacked and assembled it in about a half hour . its a lot nicer than you would expect and the pu is so soft ! 
this love seat is very light , maybe 50-70 lbs . i 'm a small woman and can lift this sofa with no problem . 
6 inch 
double ground blade , and worth the money . 
i like it for cutting meat since i keep it really sharp . but the edge is fairly thin so i am either very careful or use a boning knife around bones . 
the blade is 1.9 the handle is .9 and the total length is 11.9 
this knife is single edge . very sharpe . 
yes it is 
i can not determine if there is a full tang . the handle is very solid , but i do n't know how long the tang is . it does not go through to the end of the wooden handle like other chinese knives that i own . 
its pretty sturdy . my husband and his friends jump on ours and it still holds up great . 
it comes in 2 pieces . the back simply slides into the grooves to fully assemble . no tools necessary . 
the measurements i gave on my review were fully assembled measurements . if you look at this sofa and imagine it without the whole back cushion area as well as the arm cushions then that is all you will need to worry about . this sofa comes packed in a box no bigger than the bottom section of the sofa . the back of the sofa as well as the arm cushions are packaged into and under the bottom section of the sofa . the box was prob . 24 '' x31 '' x75 '' but that is a guess . the total height of this assembled was only 36 '' . you should be able to leave it in the box and get it through your door with no issue . for my needs and family size this was just to small but it appeared as if it would last longer than the one i got from ashley furniture which pealed apart . the bicast vinyl on this looks like it is made well . this sofa also measured smaller in person than what the description stated when i purchased it . the back is almost a 90 deg angle and no slouching lol . the back problem could be fixed at the factory by simply angling the braces that hold the back in place but i dont think they want that since it would have to be able to support more weight at an angle which it does not need to straight up like it is . 
the sides and back are solid ... .the problem i am having in less than 2 years is the support under the cushions you sit on . they have started sagging inward and the only support you get is by moving partially on one of the cross beams . now when you lie down on the couch , you can feel the cross beams as they 're you 're only real support . but it was cheap and it does a good job in repelling any attempts to stain it by my four year old . 
no . they are attached without any zipper 
hello , due to the nature of your query , please contact customer service directly . they will be able to assist you with your order . here 's a link to their contact form : 
this couch ships freight because it is too large for standard shipping . thank you beyond sotres 
very good . whether you use hard ice or frozen fruit it chops it up pretty well . my smoothies come out great . that 's the main purpose i bought this blender and yes i would buy it all over again : ) but it is very loud when you blend . if that doesnt bother you then it 's perfect ! 
sorry it took so long to get back to you but i 'm ill. just for you i searched for my mason jar and tried this experiment . results : it works great as long as you 1. always make sure the rubber seal is secure in place before you start and 2. if you stop at any point to add ingrediants , clean the rubber and bottom otherwise it will slip and get cut in the rotor ( like mine ) . the good thing about oster blenders is all parts are replaceable . hope this answer is helpful 
that blades does not need to be removed for cleaning . add 1 - 2 drops of liquid dishwashing detergent . blend detergent on lowest speed for 10 - 15 seconds and then empty jar of soapy water into sink . rise jar thoroughly with clean water . 
both containers are bpa free . i am unsure about the lead content however . 
i bought this for a gift sorry i cant help you . 
no ... just has a blade that chops . 
top rack only ! ! rubber gasket i hand wash to keep it pliable . 
it will make milkshakes just how it comes . the difference will probably be the difference in the amount of liquid you will need to use . i looked at the milk shake blade and it has two `` rows '' of blades so would probably be able to make a thicker `` shake '' ie using less liquid . it 's a very good blender without the extra blade . i would only consider the extra blade if i were going to be doing extra thick shakes or smoothies on a regular basis . the blade looks like it could keep the really thick products moving vs adding more water . this is a very good all around blender . ps the extra chopper cup is plastic and a little thin but is large and works well for chopping nuts etc ... a little care and no dropping and should be fine . 
you can make homogenous ice cream mix cum blend , ( ingredients per your choice ) of right consistency to covert it into smooth ( without crystals ) end product -- -- -- delicious ice cream . ) 
the blstcc-rfp 16 speed blender has the following dimensions : 10 inches x 8.6 inches x 19.1 inches 
yes , nozzles can be replaced . replacements should be available at air and water 800-734-0405 
i could n't find anything in the instructions about exposure to rain , but since the fan looks like an ordinary fan ( no special shielding or cover for the fan motor ) , i do n't think i would do that . the mist comes from 3 brass nozzles that are fed by rubber tubes so the fan motor never really comes in contact with water . i 'm sorry i ca n't be more definitive . hope this helps . 
definitely ! even without the hose hooked up and at the low setting , mosquitoes do n't stand a chance . it 's a life saver on muggy summer days . 
brass and they send you a couple of spares . had had ours for a couple of months and we like it . 
we replaced ours with ones that had smaller holes to create a finer mist from one of the box stores . 
the base is very sturdy and weighted . i do n't believe a toddler or pet would knock it over unless they were `` climbing '' it . 
yes , it does connect to a water hose . we really like ours . 
probably about three to four feet . you can always buy an extension cord . 
the smoke maybe ... the smell ? ? ..not happening..the fan does oscillate approximately 180degrees and you can comfortably feel the air flow 10-12ft away . the noise level is medium low.. ( try odor eating candles if it 's the smell ) 
i live on long island , ny and we have humid temperatures only in the summer months . i have used it many times and i feel that it does cool you down . it sprays a light mist , plus the fan , which is a great thing to have outdoors and makes the humidity bearable ! 
i do n't know but there is no paint inside so you do n't have to worry about that . it is truly awesome no leaking dishwasher safe and perfect size . 
we have bought about 20 of these for our employees and nobody has reported any similar problems . to venture a guess , the bad one might have a leak in its vacuum sealed jacket which would allow air in that space and allow a much faster transfer of heat . i 'm guessing it 's defective . 
the steel one is dishwasher safe but the painted ones are not . the lids are top rack safe . 
am only aware of one type and it 's excellent and foolproof . best cup going . 
the mouthpiece is plastic and it is bpa free . 
16 ounces 
i usually just hand wash then pour boiling water on it if it 's particularly dirty . 
the newer design has a little snap-tight flap under the lid that you open , then just put it in the dishwasher . i also put the older style lid ( without the opening flap ) in the dishwasher and have n't had any problems . 
there are a few different styles but on the one i have ( 16oz i believe ) the lid is wavy so it 's hard to be exact . to the top of the tallest part is almost exactly 20cm or ~7.9 inches . 
2.5 inches 
it fits if you take the drip tray out : ) 
you have to remove the tray from a keurig but it fits under it . not sure if that helps . 
yes 
according to contigo 's website : volume : 16 oz . dimensions : 3.5 '' wide at the widest point of the lid x 7.8 '' h x 3.3 '' at widest point of mug x 2.5 '' diameter at base '' and on a personal note , it is a fantastic mug . 
stainless . only the lid is plastic . 
these mugs do not have the pictured padlock on the flap which is on top of the lid ( an access port for cleaning , i imagine ) . the picture must be from another version of the mugs . these mugs are great , they insulate very well , and the value for the pair of them was excellent . i hope that this is helpful to you . 
blue 
16 oz . 
yes , top shelf dishwasher safe . i love mine ! 
to be honest i really can not answer that one . i did not pay attention to what the box said when i bought them , and it does n't say on the order . sorry . 
spring coiled , package is approximately 3x3x4 . the matress is tightly rolled . it would be difficult to 're-roll back to it 's factory shipping size . 
i did n't and it seems to be fine for my 3-year-old . she 's been using it for a year with no complaints . 
yes it is a full 75 '' . 
no not that i noticed 
just the mattress . no frame thingy . ; ) 
yes . 
i actually ordered this on behalf of a friend so do n't have it in my house . he got the full size which will sleep two people . 
yes , i would trust it in any application . it really is light weight and will handle weight very well . i have a 15 lb computer monitor on mine and it turns very easily and shows no stress at all with the 15 lbs . my monitor turns with the touch of a finger . i 'm quite sure you 'd be happy with it . 
yes , it will turn infinitely in either direction . 
it mostly just sits there but has been pretty secure for my setup . i have a 42 '' lcd on it and no problems with it staying put . it gets spun about 2 or 3 times a day . 
i very much doubt it . it is perfect for a tv , but in no way strong enough for a concrete planter . 
i 'm not positive , but i do n't think so . unless you used some kind of glue for the bottom , like gorilla glue . and then you would never get it loose from the tv stand or whatever you were using it on . but you could n't attach it with nails or screws . actually , if you knew you did n't want to change the size of it.. you could glue it.. as it does tend to move a little . i do have to adjust mine from time to time . also , i used wd40 inside it to make it move smoother . 
yep works flawlessly . your tv must have a pedestal base . the new four leg bases wo n't work . 
not visibly . this thing is great 
it may , it does n't swivel too well though . i was n't happy with it 
no , it is too small for that large of a tv . 
i would say measure the base of your tv to see if it will fit . my tv is a 19 '' and it just fits the lazysusan . so , i would guess you should purchase a larger size . 
yes 
yes 
no there are 2 impressions on the side to press 
yes , but buy the correct insert for this model . there are many many inserts out there . do homework . 
that is correct , hand sanitizer is not included . 
d batteries , they are included . 
hello blake , there is not a green gel with aloe available for this dispenser . purell 1906-02 contains six moisturizers but is still clear . sincerely , cleanitsupply 
one of my purell put outdoor is now are pumping liquid all time and i dont know what problem 
i really do n't understand the stand u are talking about but i bought same size refill so it can fit 
i am a quilter but i also iron all of my blouses for work . have had many rowenta 's and have had issues with the steam spraying . the relialble is , by far , the best iron i 've ever had . well worth the money . 
i also bought this for sewing and quilting . so far i am very happy with it . you can use it with and without steam . i also like that you can bypass the automatic shut off which is great for quilting . in the past i have had several rowenta 's and they all leaked water . i have had no leakage with this one . very pleased . 
i do n't know . but i have owned rowenta irons in the past and i am much happier with the reliable brand . 
i overfilled mine and it had some problems right after , but once it had dried the problems resolved themselves . before it dried out i thought i had ruined it . 
about 48 '' . it has never been to short for my usage . 
no , china . wonderful iron..i love it though ! had a rowenta before . will stay with reliable ! 
the iron generates steam , water vapor . 
i use baking soda and mr clean sponges ... .this works perfectly for me . 
the cord is 97 inches from the iron to the plug . btw , i love this iron . 
no 
inside ( each drawer ) : 10.5 '' x 12.5 '' outside : 14.5 '' w x 12 '' d x 13 '' h 
this can be used for any type of lego sets . it 's amazing at how much you can put into these drawers . really happy with this purchase and may even get another one once this one is full . 
i doubt it . it does n't even work for the larger lehos . 
do n't see what the price you 're paying now , but $ 30- $ 35 , is a good price , my daughter loves it and it keeps all her legos organized perfectly ! hope this helps ! 
this only a drawer . no lego pieces come with it . 
drawers are excellent . my girls love them . very functional . multi divider insert can be removed . 
it comes with 4 clear trays that can stack 2 per drawer . so you could put 2 trays in 2 of the drawers , then have one open drawer to put bigger things in . it 's really roomy and holds a lot and allows for quite a bit of organization . my daughter loves to buy the lego friend kits and although she keeps the kits seperate , 1 of those plastic trays would easily hold 2 kits , more if they are the smaller kits . i would highly recommend this if your kid likes to keep kits seperate from the big box of legos . i would add a picture , but i 'm on my phone and ca n't get it to load . 
there is n't anything to secure them together if you are stacking them . there are bigger lego sorting systems for sale if your looking for something that is larger and will hold more legos . 
most definitely ! 
the price is for just 1 lid . i made banks for my great-nephews and everyone loved them . i felt that the lids were solid ( not cheaply made ) and will buy more when i need them . 
regular . i actually used a pickle jar for it . 
i 'm sorry that i do n't have the dimensions . i bought a king and a queen . i threw both of them away ! they fit fine and were very pretty . i did not wash the king until i used it for a couple of weeks . i washed the queen right away because it literally had a putrid odor . even after i washed it the odor did not completely go away but the lint from both of these spreads clogged my washer and after spending hours trying to pick the lint off and even vacuum them the lint remained . we would wake up in the morning with it in our hair , nose , bedclothes , bed sheets , etc . so i just tossed them . if you choose to buy them , maybe you will have better luck . 
no connie they do not . unless you like the look of pillow shams , you really do not need them as there isplenty of bedspread to tuck under and over your pillows . 
no i do n't want one . 
this bedspread is i think made in india and it is on calico not soft cotton only the tuffting is soft cotton i personally was not impressed the ones in australia are much thicker and made from a soft weaved cotton like a blanket . 
100 % cotton 
great 
i have n't noticed any shrinkage . i really like this bedspread and am so glad i bought it . 
all i can say is that i bought a queen and have it on a double and it reaches to the floor . it 's holding up very nicely . 
i no longer have the packaging but i 'm almost certain the dimensions are 108x98 . i have a standard king which is wider but shorter than a california king . california kings are longer but not as wide . also , i have a high bed with a thick pillow top mattress . the spread drapes beautifully from top to the floor . i do n't have pillow shams but the size is substantial enough that i make my bed like my grandmother did before shams . unless you have an abnormally sized bed , it will be more than enough without the need for a bed skirt . i will never go back to comforter sets . i bought a chenille spread at xmas and paid a considerable amount more and it does n't come close to the quality of this one . its weighty not what you would expect for the price . its vintage quality without the vintage price tag . i will definitely purchase more as i like to change my decor often . i do n't think you will be disappointed . i hope this helps ! 
yes 
i am happy to inform you that this is 21 '' wide when you measure from outside handle to outside handle . this roaster was not a good choice for me . i have reviewed it and i was really unhappy . sorry it wo n't fit , but consider it a blessing . 
length with handles 21 inches . depth of pan 3 3 4 inches ( handles and rack add about an inch ) . width 14 inches . 
it 's stainless inside and out . 
has to fit on plate will not work 
honestly i do n't know , i just got it last week and made turkey a few days later ... ..but i did n't try making gravy in it . sorry : ( however the description says ( i believe ) says that it can . 
with the rack inserted it is 5.5 '' tall , 21 '' long handle to handle and 14 '' wide . 
this pan is very big and the rack you have enough space so the drippings are not touching food . great pan just too big for my tiny apartment stove . 
yes . i cooked a 10 pound turkey in it last week and it fit fine . it looked a little small , but as long as you take it out of the pan before you serve it , no one would know the difference . i love this pan , it 's the nicest turkey pan i 've ever owned . 
you should put a good mattress cover over the foam which lays on your mattress , , , amazon has variety of mattress covers of every quality that should contain odors ... i myself laid mine in sun on both sides pre use & never had any disagreeable odor . 
to me it is n't all that soft . i come in at 170 , so that 's close . it is softer than just having my foam mattress , on a platform base . i got this mainly for the temperature qualities because on the foam i wake up in the middle of the night sweating bullets and have to get changed . now i do n't because latex does n't hold the heat . latex is a little springy so it took me a couple of days to get used to that but overall i am very happy with it . maybe the 4 in . would be a little softer but it would be more springy . i bought a fit bit one and i check my sleep every day and i get nights where i am like a stone for 5 hours , just out and dead asleep , which i had n't had for years . so it is more comfortable than no topper and much cooler than the foam . after 3 or more months i would say i am very happy with this . i no longer search for the perfect mattress , topper or sheets , which i had been searching for , for years ! i hope this helps . 
sorry , i ca n't answer this for you . after laying down on it once , i returned it and tossed paperwork after refund . you can contact the company . they should be able to tell you , if no one else has the answer . 
yes it sure does it has been an awesome addition to our bed . and way healthier than foam ! ! 
i specifically ordered this to avoid any chemicals or off-gassing components . as far as i have found , it is just simply a natural latex topper , nothing added . i needed it for when i was pregnant and from day one we slept on it with great comfort and no unpleasant smell etc . we love it ! as far as it being unused , i think it is now illegal to resell any bedding or mattress related products due to the bed bug scare . but this is something you 'd have to check with the company . ours was brand new and completely vacuum sealed rather impressively haha . 
although theoretically possible , it depends on import box size and weight restrictions of your country as well as the very high shipping rate to such remote destinations -- usually at least as much as the item cost itself . 
yes , according to my understanding and research . it looks a lot like cushion products from the 1960 's 
hi , thanks for submitting your question . according to this seller 's storefront page , most items can be returned within 30 days of receipt of shipment . you can read more about our returns policy here : 
standard queen size of 60 '' wide by 80 '' long 
i believe the bigger holes would be on the softer side . 
the stars are definitely true black . 
i was not pleased with the seal and use them for decorative purposes only . they came with clear , rubber rings to fit on the lids , but they just did n't seem to fit seal the way that i wanted . i do love how they look though and they do look great on my counter . 
no , unfortunately these only come with the black stars . 
it adjust to 5 different heights i love it ! it can be a little difficult to put down by yourself , i have a queen and it would be easier with two people . but its not impossible . 
hello pat t. it might work if the inside measurements of your bed frame measure 36 37 inches wide and about 83 84 inches long . i have a twin xtra long . 
two twins beds do not meet the measurements of one king bed . 
no there is not . 
there are slight marks on the bottom of the mattress , but if u flip it over every couple of months like you normally would , the grooves go away w o any lasting damage . i do n't recommend sitting on the foot of the bed . there is n't proper support and the mattress does sink . again , no damage to mattress , just uncomfortable . it 's altogether a great purchase for the price . it 's also pretty lightweight for a metal frame . i love mine ! 
yes , if you do n't plan on using a box spring . also if you use a spring mattress it may damage the springs over time due to repeated lifting . 
it can be adjusted for sitting but it is manual ( not automatic ) . just do not sit on a corner that is slightly raised , it may bend the frame . i think it holds over 250 lbs , maybe more . 
it depends on how thick your mattress is and what is mad of . the frame works well with memory foam or latex mattress up to 10 inches . anything higher than that may not be as flexible as the picture shown . as for spring mattress , unless it is pocket coil , regular bonnell spring mattress wo n't work with it . 
no 
yes the top of the bed can be raised to different elevations . one person can raise the bed to different angles but it takes two people to release the bed back down . i usually just leave it up at a comfortable angle for me . 
very cheap and very thin , this recliner is not a good purchase 
this chair is for a small person i weigh 155 and i feel a little cramped in it especially if you have pets that likes to set with you 
hello tracie , the seat width is 18 '' 
it 's not high . the chair is n't nearly high enough or big enough for my 5 ' 11 1 2 '' frame . head hangs over the back , legs hang over the footrest . a smaller person would find the chair quite comfortable , i think . 
i weigh 160 but feel cramped . it is really not as sturdy or as wide as i had hoped . 
there seems to be a layer of foam and then the actual cushion . it is comfortable . because of hip replacement , i placed another cushion on top of seat just to make it higher . but when i sit in the chair without the extra cushion , it is comfortable . another tidbit , when i 'm in chair and need to get up , i push my weight forward some and that makes it much easier to push the legs , from knees down , against the part that folds back up into the chair , from the reclined position . 
there is a side release very easy and to get back easy to push down with the leg takes very little wall space in recline pos . hope this helps n 
stationary 
my husband is 250 and he 's pretty squished . i 'm a size 4 fits me comfortable . the foot rest does not close easy as well . 
i detected no odor whatsoever and i absolutely love the chair . very comfortable . 
the photo is correct . i would call it light tan . 
i do n't know , but you better have extra strong legs , it was impossible for me to get the recliner down with my legs . had to give it away 
it would be much too hard for a 90 year old to push the chair back in . you have to use your legs to push the foot rest back in once it 's extended . it 's hard for me and i 'm in my 30 's . 
yes you could shorten the legs by cutting a few inches off either top or bottom . 
mine is 30 '' tall and 24 '' wide . 
no , the holes are tapered . the weight on the shelf appears to lock them into place . enough weight on the shelf upside down would push the shelf down . 
it 's about 23.5 inches long by 13.5 inches wide so it should fit . 
i would say medium . it is sturdy , but not heavy duty . 
i bought this recently and i do n't think that would work very well to be honest . it 's relatively sturdy with just 1 but placing a second on top of it might be tough . 
sorry but i 'm not sure . i 've had them since before christmas and never took them apart . if you 've not done so already , try googling manufacturer for customer service phone number or some wd 40 . 
there 's no wheel on the bottom.you might be able to add some . 
mine measures 23.5 x 13.5 inches . this measurement is the actual shelf , not including the uprights . 
no . the legs do n't fit into another stand . 
the slates are very weak so i 'd get box springs ! my slats broke within 2months & i 'm a tiny girl ... 
not sure on what kind of filling but the frame & the legs are wood ... .my frame actually broke ( i 've only owned it for 4mths ) so i have it in the floor now with box spring & mattress in the center.love the bed but the quality of the frame is crap ! ( i weight only 120 & huband 195 ) 
it does work for a king sleep number bed . 
i did n't even use the slates on this bed they are very cheap but the outside framing is nice & with putting your box springs on the floor & a mattress is enough 
http : www.amazon.com tan-velvet-tufted-upholstered-queen dp b009o0e6x4 ref=sr_1_6 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1405379388 & sr=8-6 & keywords=tufted+velvet+bed+queen 
it depends on the mattress and box spring but my mattress is very slightly higher than the foot of the bed . 
hi - yes . this bed frames requires a box spring . 
yes they do and it looks awesome . 
there 's no storage components with this particular bed . 
yes . search the bomber jacket bed . it comes in a brown distressed leather . 
full dimension they are a product made for amazon therefore packed and shipped by amazon they come in clear no label plastic bags , and large box . just an fyi they are not very soft ended up getting something else : ) 
i read that it is in the range of 2 to 10 microns to catch dust mites and their allergens . 
yes , i would call it medium . about 8 inches or so . 
china . and still very fluffy 
no you can not use standard paintball canisters . cuisinart makes you purchase their proprietary sized canister at a cost that is 4x+ more expensive than any standard canister of the same size . i used mine once , and when i seen the price of the replacement canister i packed it up and put it in the garage in hopes that maybe one day they will lower their canister price . at their current canister price and how much `` mileage '' you will get out of it , you should just buy soda-water and mix your own drinks that way . even the most expensive top end soda-water is cheaper than using the cuisinart sparkling beverage maker . you could easily buy multiple cases of the best brand soda-water on the market for the cost of a 12-pack of do-it-yourself through this cuisinart scam machine . this thing is nothing more than a way for them to make money selling you canisters of air . 
from what i understand the 'short answer ' would be , unfortunately ... no . i believe they each have their own proprietary bottle cap , each company having a different size , and design . who knows though ? it may change in the future . 
not as far as i know ... 
15 & 1 4 '' 
yes . you 'll need to clean the co2 connection with hot water and a washcloth afterwards . i used it to carbonate a prototype sweetened wine and it worked fine . the presence of the sugar will cause the carbonated beverage to foam like crazy once you finally remove the bottle from the pressurization rig , so perhaps put the whole rig into the refrigerator for a day before hand to minimize the eruption . re-seal the bottle promptly with the screw-on cap they provide . 
i think bath and beyond. , but you have to buy new ones , they do n't do refills . 
no , they do not . the mouth openings are different sizes , making them incompatible . 
i bought it and found the bottle neck to small for my single capsule charger system . 
the bottle it is a ( thick ) plastic . 
no , they use different c02 canisters . 
by hand . do not put it in the dishwasher , it will melt . had to learn that the hard way . 
i bought another bottle from amazon in 2014 for my dec 2013 my cuisinart machine . it looks just like your photo . i am not familiar with the primo flavor station . 
i do not know what css-100 means ? 
yes , it is adjustable . in the pic you can see the stone is attached to a horizontal rod which is secured to a vertical rod with a set screw . if you loosen the set screw , you can move the rod with the stone attached up or down to make a larger or smaller angle . i think the details given mean to convey that once the angle is chosen and the rod is locked down your chosen angle will be maintained while you sharpen . 
for better quality stones then what comes with this kit i have not found anything cheaper then app $ 12ea . then u still have to pay for shipping and a plate to mount the stones to . i just went w edgeproinc.com @ $ 17 ea and just got the 200grit , 400grit , and 1000grit . very good quality stones and i have no trouble reprofiling all the way up to a mirror polish w just those 3 grits . if u wan na save money , i would spend $ 5 on a bag of silicon carbide from edge pro ( free shipping i think ) and use that to true the stones that come w this kit . once they are truly flat the factory stones work very very well . i would go that route and wait till u have worn out the stones that came w the kit before buying replacements . -best of luck- 
yes , complete w sub-par stones . but the construction is pretty good and if you find the edge pro stones , you have a functional edge pro for $ 170 less for the unit . the stones are a residual cost anyway as you do have to replace them . so when you bake in the cost of new different stones and any finishers that you want , you 'll still be up around $ 100 in savings . i recommend that you research ( or you may already know depending on your level of knife sharpening skills ) the stones that you 're interested in . very few people actually need 6 different grit stones in their lifetime . there is a time and place for all of the stones , but if you 're just touching up some kitchen knives , certain ones do n't do very well w the mirror finish that a 6000 grit finishing stone paper will provide . 
yes it does . 
i ordered one last year , thought they would be good christmas presents , so ordered 2 more . they never did show up . had to settle for a refund . so much for my gifts ! ! ! 
there are instructions in english but they are kind of vague . the degree increments are not exactly like the aep but you are supposed to follow the knifes bevel anyway . but yes the unit will setup like the aep just a little different degree markings 
hey to be honest is pretty hard . i bought a mattress top . i was planing to buy it anyway cause i have mattres top in all our beds . 
yes 
ca n't tell you the exact dimensions but it is very small . we ended up putting it in the guest room and someone could sleep on it in a pinch , but basically we started cracking up anytime we sat on it because it looks like doll furniture ... 
yes it is 
i ordered this one and mine is black , even though the description says gray . 
the dimensions are listed under product details . the thing to know though is this ends up being quite a small futon . more for a kid than an adult to sleep or sit on . 
no smell whatsoever . i absolutely love these sheets . 
thicker . they are holding up well . a good buy . 
no scratchines at all ever . only consistently super soft . some pilling from use does happen ... 
yes the chair is a rocker.i have had mine for a while with no problems . 
yes , the chair goes back horizontal it is a great chair for the price . 
it does recline a lot . but the legs do stay level . with body . it is very soft and comfortable though . 
back comes off to assemble , good chair for the price 
no it does n't . the chair keeps returning to a sitting position when trying to recline . 
i 'm a little over 6'1 and the chair is plenty big enough . my only complaint with it is to get the recliner down , you have to push down with your legs to get the foot rest to pop back in . it was tough to do with a newborn in my arms and not wake him . it opens with a wooden lever , and does not rock while open . rocks very smooth when not reclined . chair was very easy to assemble and is extremely comfortable . for the money , probably ca n't beat it . 
22 inches 
hi , i have this recliner . i have had it for a couple of months . my dog has not tried to bite it , so i do n't know if it would stand up to that . fot ghe first month i had a sheet over it as i was sleeping in it after having surgery . it it very comfortable . if you have long legs it may be too short when you have your legs out over the leg rest . it is not a heavy chair , so if you recline too much you may have a problem . i love my chair , and my height is 5 foot 2 inches and i weight 136lbs . 
the chair is heavy-duty , but when you lean back it feels a little as if you topple over . it was n't happen to me yet , but i can see this scenario happen . 
i am reclined in it right now . it moves about two inches only if you push hard . 
yes 
i do n't think so ... this is a hard to push down recliner.. do n't get me wrong it is a beautiful chair and very comfortable but we have a new baby and when holding her sleeping we have all we can do to get the foot rest back down . 
yes . i really like the gliding motion compared to our other recliner , which is a standard rocker . we love this and use it in our twins ' nursery to rock them to sleep . 
hi diana , no , this is not a wall hugger . it does , however , have a lever instead of a handle on the side . getting out of the chair can be a problem unless you have really strong legs and feet to push the bottom back . had i known this , i would not have bought this chair . i am of a certain age and my quads and lower legs are not what they used to be . it is comfy , though . hope this helps . 
it is 19 '' from the floor to the top of seat . i 'm 5'7 and it is fine for me as i need a higher seat for chairs due to back issues . i ca n't handle low seats . hope this helps . 
i am 6'5 '' and it is certainly satisfactorily to me . 
it does rock and extends 
no there is n't 
at the arm cushions yes ... the pillowed back and headrest is 36 '' 
no , but it 's great all the same 
yes 
at a craft or fabric store . 
you stuff it yourself . i have an old bedspread and all the old clothes i usually give to goodwill . works great ! however , please note that although it says `` mustard '' and looks yellow in that picture , it is not . it is tan . 
yes to both . 
it does not 
yes it comes with plastic cover and matchbook case ! ! i have baught several they are great scales ! 
no , but it it very easy to assemble . i am 75 years old and i had no problem . read the directions and take it slow . 
if you have enough room two chairs -- a table between would look very nice . 
the consensus around here is a resounding yes ! ! now , everyone has a different idea of what constitutes comfortable.regarding the seating portion.they are firm , not lofty.however , i personally consider this a plus , as they are easy to rise from and i suspect will keep their shape much longer because of the firmness . the width and height are perfect , imho , and far more generous than i had expected . a great value , great looking and a stunning addition to my living room-i bought a pair , btw . hope this will be of help to you . 
the chair is actually pretty comfortable , but when i first received the chair i had issues with the legs not being even and it wobbled . i had the company send me to replacement legs i attach them and they still wobbled . i contacted the company they ended up refunding half of my money and sending me a $ 25 gift card to amazon at that point i took the chair to one of my friends who is a furniture repair person and he even out the legs for me . 
the fabric is striped . the darker stripes are a darker red and definitely not rust . the lighter stripes are gold . 
yes . the lighter ones are gold . 
-i gave it as a gift . i do n't use this item 
about 2 inches round 
it 's more like a sticky dough that you 'd want , or the sort of recipe for drop cookies . 
polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) were banned in the usa in the 1970s . the food container set in the picture is from italian firm ramacciotti plast , and it is very likely that they are pcb free . 
as i remember there were the three as shown . but i bought 2 sets and that was a while ago . 
according to their site , yes . they are also well-made . 
yes 
as i remember , what is shown . i bought two sets . love them . 
there are one 8 cup container , one 4 1 2 cup container , and one 2 1 2 cup container for a total of 3 containers in each set . 
you can use any type of coffee ( grounded ) no pods . 
i would say that is definitely a defect . 
175 is considered average 
you could , but the heating element does not heat up the water very hot ( in my experience ) . 
to be honest i did n't know what bpa stands for until i researched and i do n't know . in any case i did n't make much use of this coffee machine as i did n't find it as practical as i thought would be ! but it 's a fair product to buy 
about 15-3 4 '' tall 
what ever you choose 
the biggest flaw i found is that the mug is not well insulated and dissipates a lot of heat . i bought a better one at bed , bath and beyond and now my coffee stays hot for hours . what is your specific concern ? 
i do n't know how many watts , but the coffee that dispenses is hot . i add water to cool it down . i love this coffee maker ! ! 
max capacity is 18oz and there are also marks on the reservoir for 16 , 12 and 8oz . 
you can use any cup provided it is n't taller than the space between the base and the brew basket . the coffee just drips out of the brew basket like any normal drip coffee machine . 
yes , you can use it for tea or hot chocolate but the weakest part of the system is the filter and the device that hold the filter into the coffee maker . i now use a solution of baking soda and distilled water to soak both parts after use . 
yes . it shuts off automatically . 
i have a table i made so mine sits on the table i use it four times a week so its no problem i let the cord hang behind the table since its against the wall the rest stay pluged in 
plastic inner lining outer shell stainless 
the instructions are to wait 5 minutes between brewing cycles but i have brewed in succession with no apparent damage . i sometime use the cup as a carafe to pour two smaller cups and then brew another in a few minutes . 
i am pleased wirh the taste of the coffee . i amoverall pleased with the product . the only thing that i have difficulty with is thst the resevoir for the h2o is so dark that i have difficulty seeing how much h2o i have put in . otherwise , i love this appliance ! 
did you run vinegar through it to get rid of hard water deposits ? 
not much , maybe 1 or 2 cups . i bought it thinking i could store grains , and stuff in it , but it barely holds a small box of baking soda . 
it is almost 11 '' to be precise - 10-3 4 '' , i do n't remember seeing different sizes though . 
no they do n't snap , but sit well enough to seal 
i do n't know - it should say if you click on the description on amazon . 
no idea i use it to hold my tea bags . too small for much else . 
hi kathy , i do n't think so , but i 'm not sure . i use them as storage for spices ( sugar , salt , corn starch , etc ) , so i 've never tried putting them into the microwave or dishwasher before . 
yes 
it is actually recommended that you not stir meat while it is searing , only moving it when you turn it over to sear another side . at that time the lid can be removed , the meat turned , and the lid replaced . keeping the lid on the bpr600xl fast slow cooker will retain heat , keeping the bottom surface at a consistent higher temperature . 
the breville is not a one-dimensional slow-cooker . the searing ability is excellent and enhances the one-pot advantage of slow-cooking . 
the saut sear setting will allow the bpr600xl fast-slow cooker to saut vegetables and even carmelize onions . 
i think it could , but you will not get much in the pot . it 's only six quarts . most canning pressure cookers are upwards of 20 quarts . 
the instructions state that the insert should not be used directly on a gas electric stovetop . the saute setting works well for this application ; just do not set the timer for an extended period of time . and , i must say this company provides the best customer service . the cooker is great and i use it several times a week . i can not say enough good things about this product . i just wish i had a good place to store this when not in use . 
if you look inside the lid , you will see that the circle of silicon that holds the pressure silicon ring in place is secured to the lid by what i will call little divits . the metal divits are made in the manufacturing process which causes the holes you see on the outside of the lid . the actual silicone pressure ring that is secured by that silicone circle i mentioned above keeps your pressure ring in place and will not allow any moisture or steam to escape through those little holes . i hope i have not confused you any further with my answer-back . if my explanation is not clear , i would suggest that you contact breville customer service and they will be happy to answer any questions you may have . 
janet , with pressure steam you leave the pressure stopper open and with pressure . cooker the stopper is closed and pressure builds rapidly . also in pressure cook mode the food is immersed in liquid , not necessarily so with pressure steam . pressure cook is full pressure , pressure steam is less pressure . hope this helps ! we love ours and use it to make wonderful meals . 
the removable cooking bowl is marked with a scale in 1-cup increments to a maximum of 12-cups ( 3-quarts ) . 
no you can not set such a time 
the breville bci600xl makes up to 1.5 quarts of some of the best tasting ice cream . 
this machine is great , but t only makes 3-4 cups at a time . i suggest getting ben & jerry 's ice cream book because their recipes are about this size . the french vanilla is oui oui ! ! 
the link below is to the breville warranty page . i did have some problems with a return , however the breville customer service folks cleared it up . http : www.brevilleusa.com warranty 
yes and it works pretty well . 
the freezer can lifts out when the ice cream is done . remove all the ice cream from the can and then wash the can , paddle and lid under warm soapy water . occasionally if you put too much cream in it will overflow slightly but again , remove the freezer can , wash it as described , then if there 's any liquid around the rubber gasket on the machine , take a damp towel and run around the rim , wiping all the overflow off ; you may or may not have some liquid in the bottom of the machine , but just a quick wipe with a damp towel gets it up in short order . 
yes you can use it for small commercial purpose , that is the use i 'm giving to the machine actually 
the only thing that goes in the freezer is the ice cream you create in the breville . what i really like is not having to plan to freeze a bowl anymore . i just pull out the machine and add the ingredients . i do like to put the ice cream itself in the freezer for a bit after it 's finished to firm a little more but i have served it directly from processing . 
yes it does , very good quality 
the bowl is an ( aluminum ? ) bucket . it gets very cold ... well below zero f.there is likely a thin glaze of freeze but nothing that i ever saw as a nuisance 
as i recall , yes ... .but there are a gazillion more recipes on the net 
i think it could be disassembly once but i would be scared to try it a lot of times . the material is press board so every time the fastners go in to the board it is a little looser fit . looks good after assmbly . i hope this helps . 
the frame under the bed is entirely particle board . the external part you see is veneer over something . overall , the appearance is pleasant and seems to be sturdy . 
hi daniel . yes it does work with the palladia headboard ! 
i 'm sorry , sauder does not make this in a twin size . 
hi meredith , i 'm 6'5 '' and i think that would be high even for me ... .the bed itself serves as the box so there should be no need to add one on top 
thanks for submitting your question , i could not find the interior dimensions of the drawers however the height of the platform is 15.375 '' . have a great day ! 
approx 20 cupcakes 
about 6 '' or 7 '' 
technically they come apart ... but , not very easy to use separately . there is a hole in the middle of the glass where the spindle goes through it . you could use just the bottom portion and screw in the handle or cover the whole with something decorative , or something tasty ... but , i believe it is mean to be used together . 
no , but you could slice it first then arrange it on the top level . 
my ups tracking listed the weight as 8 lbs . 
no , it is not revolving 
yes you can attach the top handle 
they are made of glass 
yes you can . everything comes apart 
lamps plus is the seller of this item & per their website the dimensions are : top plate measures 10 '' wide . bottom plate measures 11 7 8 '' wide . 
bottom diameter - approx . 10 in approx . 2-1 4 tall approx . 10 cups of water to the brim 
yes absolutely . we have an induction stove and both the 10 '' and 12 '' work just fine . 
additional handle on opposite side from main handle . 
i bought two of these pans in different sizes . both pans are flat with rounded corners towards the wall . i pour cold oil on the hot pan in the middle . it spreads from there . pans also have a very nice weight to them . i think you 'll love these pans . 
no i bought a set and the lid for the pot fit on it . great set 
idk grade , is good weight + thickness 
it doesnotomewithalid . you 'll need to purchase one separately . i had 2 already so it was n't necessary to purchase but here is an example , http : www.amazon.com calphalon-contemporary-inch-glass-cover dp b001fae4e2 ref=sr_1_2 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1422456321 & sr=1-2 & keywords=12inch+glass+lid & pebp=1422456348220 & peasin=b001fae4e2 . this one looks to tight fitting . 
lol , depends . this is not a non-stick pan , and probably not the best option for cooking eggs . if you want to cook eggs you will need to use a good amount of butter or oil and use the appropriate amount of heat and timing . you can look up youtube videos on how to cook eggs on something like stainless steel or cast iron , but ultimately , it 's really not ideal for that task . look for a non-stick pan for eggs in most applications . on the other hand , if you 're trying to sear some proteins , like steak , chicken , or even fish , this thing kicks butt . but again , technique is required for using stainless . 
it can be used in the oven . temperature not sure but would guess up to 500 degrees . 
i have the 12 '' skillet . tip to tip of handles is 23 '' . 
flat base is 5 3 4 '' that widens . top is 7 '' with lip . interior width is 6 3 8 , external height 3 '' . this is one heavy saucepan , feels behaves more like cast iron . 
we do not recommend this pan to be used on an open fire . 
according to the cuisinart website ... yes . just ordered a couple . 
6 inch bottom , 3 inch depth . love mcp pans ! 
i 've discarded the box , but a word of advice : do not get the cuisinart `` classic '' pot ( s ) . they are nice good , but not at all the quality of the multiclad line of cuisinart . ( you can pull up the cuisinart website and pose the question about using it on the ceramic stovetops in the `` contact us '' link . 
for all i know , china . watching the changes in coloration and the way it cleans up , it should n't look the way it does at this point in time . there are no markings on the pan to tell me origin . sandy 
the skillet is two inches deep . 
the 10 '' skillet is 10.12 '' maximum on the top . the inside base diameter is about 8 '' and the outside diameter of the base is about 8.25 '' but it 's hard to measure due to the radius . the diameter of the contact to a flat surface is about 7 '' . 
i use a universal lid that has grooves in it so it fits any pan small to large . a dinner plate works too . 
the diameter is measured to the widest part . 
there is no top on this model . at least , as sold to me . 
i do n't know , but i have owned it for about a month and love it . i use stainless for all my cooking having been scared by all the hype of aluminum and alzheimer 's . this pan is a good weight and the two handles make it easy to handle . the dishwasher cleans it well after a cursory scouring with a scratchy pad . i think the manufacturer specs would list the 18 10 issue question answer . 
there are two types of stainless steel . the austenitic type has a different molecular structure than the ferritic type and does not have magnet properties . this pan must be of the austenitic type . 
no . they are the same diameter and use the same lids . 
do you mean induction cooktops ? if so then yes ! i use mine with my induction range and it works great . 
i have a ceramic cooktop and these work great . 
i believe it 's mostly the weight of the pot . it is heavy . 
it is glass with a stainless steel handle 
the 1 1 2 quart is 6 5 16 inch inside diameter . height is 3 1 8 inches . handle is 6 3 4 inches long 
i have a 1.5 qt , 3qt . and . 4 qt . i do not have a 2 qt . sorry 
as best i can tell , cuisinart 's pans are manufactured in china . 
i have never even looked this up before or knew about what you were talking about . i looked it up on wikipedia http : en.wikipedia.org wiki induction_cooking . i just put a magnet on the pan you are asking about and it sticks fine ! i never use aluminum or copper , neither of which will stick to magnets well . this cookware works great on my induction stove top as do all my other pans , iron skillets and heavy cookware from germany . hope this helps . 
the cuisinart 77 series is the chef 's classic series of pans . the base does have encapsulated aluminum in the bottom but it is only a pad on the bottom of the pot . the mcp series the encapsulated aluminum is not only on the bottom of the pan but also comes up the sides of the pan . 
yes 
china 
no , it does n't include a steamer insert 
it is a polished stainless finished , although not `` mirror '' . they are easy to clean . 
with just light scratches that no doubt will come with everyday use it should be no problem . i have used my with metal and plastic utensils and do have very light scratches . would think the scratch has to be pretty deep to expose the core . 
yes , this set stacks easily . 
do n't know - they are tri ply stainless . you could go to cuisinart website and see what they say in thier item descriptions . 
no they are stainless . really nice set ! i had an older set of rather spendy waterless cookware and this is actually heavier than it and heats faster due to the tri ply walls . 
yes 
i use water from my brita pitcher and i have n't had any problems . i have had the unit for about 6 months . 
yes , it works without the cartridge , but i did notice that there was more mineral `` dust '' than with the cartridge . i use my vornado 24 7 and as of today , am still using the same mineral cartridge after a bit over a month . i did order replacements , but am going to hold off on using them until i notice the mineral `` dust '' again . then i think its time for a new cartridge . hoping to get about 6 weeks out of a cartridge . definitely the best humidifier i have used . 
no temperature control . on off . output high , low , auto of fan speed . humidity selection . the temperature of water used can reach 92 degrees . i hope this response is helpful . 
it does not turn off complete , the fan still runs when it reaches the set limit , but it does not output any moisture at that point . it turns on and off the mist only , not the fan . 
yes , it does . 
an evaporative humidifier has a wick or sponge through which air is blown , evaporating the water off the large surface area , to humidify the air . an ultrasonic humidifier uses an ultrasonic transducer to break the water up into small droplets or mist which blown into the room and actually evaporate in the room air . 
i 'm watching that powerful beam of moist air billow out of my vornado right now ! simply the description of the cool air that is moisturizing the air in my unbelievably dry bedroom . humidity was 16 % yesterday . right now it is 33 % and rising ! love it . the noise is n't annoying ... .can hear the tv with no problem . 
yes . the evaporative models have wicks are noisy and get moldy . 
no it will keep running when empty 
no.there are cartridges that need to be replaced but if you use filtered or distilled water you do not absolutely have to use those cartridges 
not at this time . i have queried philips about this . it seems that usa 120vac requires too much current for regular outlet and 220vac would allow normal use in typical european kitchen . 
no 
i do n't know sorry 
i have never fried indian 's bread in this , but if you want me test it i will test it for you . so , send me what kind indian 's bread you want then i will tell you but really it is nice 
i dont know . maybe it works on the principal as of the convection oven . sorry not a very good answer 
no you 'll need an adapter search for ( camson universal outlet plug converter adapter , for use in japan ) 
no . machines like this will help prevent new mold spores from forming . existing mold issues must be handled by a different procedure . 
you can wash out the filter 
yes , it is designed to remove odors and clear the air this particular model completely does my large room all the air is filtered three times the room 's air 3 times an hour & gt ; 
no 
mail questions or comments to : kaz usa , inc. customer relations dept . 250 turnpike road southborough , ma 01772 , or call 1-800-477-0457 e-mail : consumerrelations @ kaz.com or website at : www.kaz.com ask for model series hfd30x , hfd31x , hfd32k . that is where the filters are sold and they can answer whatever questions you may have concerning your unit . thank you . 
you have to wait until all the filter bars are lit , then it will reset 
hi steven : i have a unit here in my shop - on the packing it says it captures vocs . i know the unit comes with two permanent , washable filters - the prefilter can be replaced with their - but the user manual seems to suggest you should buy their optional odor and gas reducing prefilter ( $ 20 for a 3 month filter ) if you want to filter vocs - the manual says : `` the honeywell optional pre-filter is compatible with all airgenius models . its design compliments the ifd filter by trapping larger particles , reducing odours and removing harmful gases and volatile organic compounds from the air that passes through the filter . for maximum efficiency , change the pre-filter every 3 months . '' now i cant tell from the literature if this filter traps all vocs or specifically if it traps acetone or abs plastics . you might want to check out this info on the honeywell web page - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers air-purifier-features - you can find the manual here - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers customer-support owner-manuals - info about the odor reducing filter is here - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers buy-honeywell-air-purifiers honeywell-odour-gas-reducing-prefilter-2-pack-hrf-k2c-deedcan - or you can call the honeywell customer help line at 1-800-477-0457 hope that helps - good luck ! 
they use a chemical before packaging to sanitize the plastic filter . this smells like plastic when the unit is in use . i left it running outside during the day for 3 days and the smell got faint enough to begin use inside . i 've had it for a while now and no more smell . 
no , it does n't need to be away from a wall 12x10 should be fine . 
i have used both but to be fair this one is larger than the hepa versions i 've used in the past . that said we have allergies and mild asthma and two dogs and a cat to which we have allergies . the symptoms are not evident when the purifier is on and no asthma attacks evident . the maintenance is easier and less expensive . i am very happy . 
works very well at helping to remove cigarette smoke . 
yes . they gave me one prefilter but i hav n't even used it yet . the main filter works really well and i just spray it out with the garden hose and let it dry . 
i have a 4 ... allergen setting is 3 of 4 overall settings . i sent the first one back because one of the display lights did n't work , and a terrible plastic smell . the one i have now works fine . 
yes , it works vey well , but i would recommend the optional charcoal filter that you can purchase on your own . i think they are around $ 16 . for a pack of 2 . 
this is a more comprehensive response : http : housewares.about.com od aircleanerspurifiers f ionizerfaq.htm 
no . it does not have a turn on feature . 
you can move , , , to wherever you want , , , ,preferably in a room with with a closed door , , , to maximize the purifier effectiveness ... .. 
hi . i had the same issue with smell . i did not run the machine right away . i took it out and cleaned the filter in lysol and let it sit for about 30 mins . then rinsed really well and put it back after it dried completely . there was a slight smell for a few days , but it has gone away . you may want to put it outside or wipe down with baking soda and water just to help get rid of the smell . 
yes , it 's pretty smooth retraction . this is the best vacuum by the way . 
absolutely 
i believe it is once a year . 
it has no power to the head you can only use turbo brush which does pretty good light duty job for area rugs for me . what i really do not like about this vac is that control buttons are very soft and i always hit them while carrying the vac against my knee and turn it off or rewind the cord or reduce power . since i do not drag the vac behind me but rather carry it in my arm wile vacuuming i do it every few minutes and it is very irritating otherwise it is a good vac 
12.2 height x 6.38 width x 12.2 length . no assembly required . 
the opening is 3 3 4 in wide snd will hold a ceramic cup.great idea , i just put in the cardboard ones.i love my unit and looks professional next to my keurig coffee maker enjoy ... luckyguyswife 
i think they will i use one of the drawers that works fine for the tea bags 
yeah ! the space in there holds pretty large cups . it 's serves us well at our offices . 
12.5 in x 11.6 in ( 31.7 cm x 29.5 cm ) 
6.125 long , 5.125 deep , 2.375 wide . basically napkin size would not be wide enough for canisters . 
it is about 3 inches narrower than the coffee machine and about the same height and depth . 
i bought these for one of our apartment communities . it is not in my office so that i can measure it . i am sorry . i do love the neatness of everything you need in one place . 
8oz or 10oz cups 
it did not fit my 12oz styrofoam cups . i do not know about costco cups . my guess is that a paper cup would fit fine . the styrofoam cups are a little thicker . i returned mine for a full refund when the cups did n't fit . 
i am 240 pounds ! did not break yet ! 
no 
15 '' high x 16 '' square 
black 
no it does n't . 
13in x 13in 
black 
i have two of these little units , and i have not had a problem with the feet on either one of them . however , if one of the feet did come off , it would be quite easy to just super glue it back on . 
seller does not have swatches available to send . 
not certain what `` classic camel '' means precisely ... this ottoman may be slightly more brown than this picture . if it does n't match to your satisfaction , return it . however , it goes very well with my 'stuff ' and it is comfortable to put my feet up on . goes well with my eclectic taste , too . holds a multitude of 'things ' that need to be near , but not all over the place . how 's that for a not very decisive answer ? we may be splitting hairs ... ... i like my ottoman anyway . 
not easily ! they come attached . 
this is a sturdy piece . however , i have used it usuall to prop up my feet , and , to have a place to keep my needlework , etc. , when i 'm not working on things . i have had more than one occasion to sit on it , and , i 'm no light-weight either ... .trust me . it seems to have the inner strength to tolerate all the uses to which i have put it . good luck ! 
it 's micro fiber , looks like a tawny suede ... .. i love it ... : ) 
i would say it is a medium brown or just brown . not to light and not to dark . it is not orange toned like a rust color . 
have n't had the problem as yet . imagine it would clean well with just warm , soapy water . these footstools hold lots of stuff -- blankets , papers , and miscellaneous things you do n't necessarily want company to see . 
i use a plastic liner inside the tub , my starry night does not need the washing maschine 
fabric ! 
the tag says `` made in china '' and `` printed in the usa '' . 
it 's printed on fabric and it has something like a buttonhole where the shower rings hooks go . 
yes , i can confirm that there will be no bare spots in the design . the design you see here will print over the entire shower curtain . 
after viewing the shower curtain it appears the shower curtain almost contains the entire image but the right side does cut out some of the moon and hillside . 
yes , it does . good question . 
high carbon steel has better edge characteristics and can be made harder than stainless . in scissors , this is particularly important . we have been letting our scissors drip dry and have noted no corrosion . 
mine is rusty . it rusted in spots as soon as i washed it first time . now i keep it outside by my grill . it do n't look good enough for the kitchen any more . 
i can not recall if where it was made was included in the packaging . 
all filters are washable . i highly recommend this sweeper . its awesome . 
mine worked for 6 years until motor gave out . i used it a lot and it had great pick up power especially for cat hair and litter pieces in carpet . it was a great vacuum for the $ 45 i spent on it . 
yes- it works pretty good on bare floors on that setting . 
it comes with a brush attachment . 
mines at the dump with all the other trash . 
i had to look at that very carefully and line up the little notches , then twist it hard . it did n't work the first five times i tried . that 's when i had to look at it closely . 
i have two of these . my guess , and it is only a guess , they are the same heaters since they have the same basic number *o715* . one with electronic controls and side heat shields and this one a basic heater with a thermostat . 
one is 600w and the other is 700w , i had the same problem with 1500w in the past but i have not had a fuse blowout with this using both switches 1300w , hope this helps . there is no 1500w . 
i have two in an insulated 4 car garage with 14 foot ceiling and when outside temps of 30 - 35 it keeps the garage about 60 . 
the safest heater is the sun with you under it slathered with sunscreen . seriously , i 've used various oil-filled heaters for about 30 years with no problems such as you mentioned ; none at all in fact . that does n't mean you wo n't have an issue , but this is my experience . 
yes but only for about two hours . 
only way to determine that is to 1. check power bills before and after use or 2. look at power consumption 1500w and multiply by cost per 1000w ( 1kw ) you pay for electricity . my unit is used to get one room ( 150sq ft ) in my 1700 square ft house really warm and this saves me money . 
my room is above the garage and stays very cold . i use it all night and set it to low on excessively cold days for the animals . i have no issues with it at all . 
i use mine about twelve hours a day set medium to keep the room at 66 f , heat for my office which is 16 x 18 and it cost me about 25-30 dollars a month . 
ca n't exactly speak from experience on that one , but if you have the switches turned to the on position it turns on . even if you just plugged it in , so i would assume so . 
yes ... ..but i have to wait for it to cool before the pixie will release the duck . frequently , i have to use my fingers to get it started so it is not free of hassles . if it is completely cool , it releases maybe 70 % of the time . i never know if i would be lucky or not . 
i have pixie machine from nespresso . it is working fine . you just have to face the tab that you open at 12:00 o'clock , and not fill the pod completely . i bought 12 and i am very happy with them . buy coffee fine grounded for expresso machines in the grocery store . 
no there to small . i wish i could find ones that would fit . 
it works , we use bustelo and all those other spanish brands 
no it does not . it only works with the original nespresso . 
i have the pixie and found out that they can actually damage the machine . i went to the boutique in sf and they advised against it . i only wish they would come out with their own refillable pods but , they are not in that business . good luck ... i disposed of mine ... 
they can get stuck in the machine . the coffee does not come out quite as strong . but once you get the hang of it is not awful 
yes they work really well . do not over pack , you can save lots of $ . 
not at all . 
i used keurig in the office for a couple of years and the coffee is ok. i 've had a nespresso at home for 2 years and i prefer the taste of nespresso to keurig . but they both have quite a variety of flavors and you might find one you prefer over the other . you can also buy keurig almost anywhere , even at the hardware store . nespresso you have to order directly from them and have it delivered . 
i pull out the two bottom trays to fit my 14 oz travel mug under the nozzle . i have a 10 oz one that fits without taking the trays out . 
no , the water delivery system is different . the machine holds 14 oz . of water constantly . when you want a cup of coffee , you then add the amount of water that you 'd like in that serving , and that 's the amount of water that is delivered to your cup , leaving 14 oz in the machine on standby . i was hesitant to buy the machine for this reason , but have found that i actually prefer this method now . i never have to worry about if my mug is 8 oz or 10 oz , i just fill it with water , dump it in the bunn , and know that i 'll get the perfect amount of coffee back . 
ms. maria , according to roxygirl down below approximately 200 degrees which is what the bunn states in their description of the unit . i personally have never tested it , ( no thermometer ! ) but i assure you in all regards it is hotter than my old keurig , cups are not only hotter but richer in flavor ; i use pulse with all drawers if you have one . one of the main reasons i chose this unit was because of that temp and i have not been let down yet . keep in mind though that they 're are four drawers and all will affect temp . the hot water pass through & keurig drawer are hottest because of quick pass through followed by pod & ground drawer . now , i mostly use the grounds drawer with ultra fine ground so i am slowing down the brew process and the temp by default . so , if you were using the grind drawer and adding cream sugar i 'd have to say your temp could be less by 20-30degrees , maybe possibly more but still hotter than the keruig or many other units . i love this machine though quirky , loud , and slightly messy at times ; it tends to sputter when doing kcups but after 4 pots inc.. the cruisinart cadillac unit i 'll take mr.sputters any day of the week ! please forgive , i am a touch chatty and overly descriptive in my answers ; ) & gt ; ... 
yes , you can use reusable k-cups in it , but it also has a drawer for your own coffee . you do n't have to use a filter with that drawer , but i use a little melita filter with my own coffee to clean it out more easily , so really there no need for a reusable k-cup . this machine is very versatile . i love it ! 
it comes with the feature in which to place your k-cup for brewing . it is by far our most favorite & most used item in our household : - ) 
i use the make-your-own pod papers for filters . 2 for 1- top then bottom separately . makes it easy to empty . i now also make up pods to use in the loose coffee drawer . no messing with dragging it all out & measuring first thing in the morning . keep them sealed in a container & can even freeze or refrigerate if you want to retain freshness . 
i use melita single serve coffee filters for javajig . they are not reusable and tiny little paper filters like the big ones used is large coffee makers for ground coffee . i find it much easier to dump out and it does catch most of the grounds . i found at grocery store a small red & green box of 60 filters and they have them on amazon . i 've also used the paper filters people use who make their own coffee pods and they are on amazon as well and called coffee pod replacement filters by easy pack . they are a little paper filter with a connected lid that opens and closes . i have found both these type of paper filters work great for ground coffee in the bunn my caf mcu . i use both types . 
yes using grounds . pods or bags . 
based on the pictures of the tassimo t-discs , i would guess they can not be used in the bunn mcu . the pods we used when we had the bunn were senseo pods . not always easy to find in stores , but amazon.com carries a whole lot of flavors . 
i have n't had this problem but i suspect it has to do with the sprayhead seal . look in your user manual at the section about cleaning your unit . it shows pictures on how to re-seat the seal after cleaning . if the seal does n't look damaged ( worn or torn areas ) try taking it out and putting it back in with care that it matches the picture format . 
yes . i just replace with what 's on sale . 
it is a free standing box . i think you could open it up and screw it on . the box is very sturdy . 
i just received mine and tried it with both . it did not work at all with the foil , but it does work with waxed paper . 
very strong cardboard , holds up well . 
it does n't come with any holes or hardware for that . it does have sticky feed on the bottom to keep it from sliding when you use it . you could probably rig something up if you are a do-it-yourself type . 
about an inch below the slot . there should be markings on your box . i love mine - got one for my daughter . my cutter bar came off after several uses so i just hot glued it back on . 
i do n't see why not , but i have not tried it . the box is the standard size for plastic wrap and can be refilled with a store bought brand . if the foil and wax paper are the same length it should fit in the box fine . 
i tried mine with aluminum foil , and yes , it did work . 
yes it will fit in most drawers 
cardboard with a heavy glossy ( maybe plastic coated ) paper . 
most likely . we use on top of outdoor grill 
the outside diameter of the top edge is 11 15 16 ( essentially 12 inches ) . the inside diameter of the top edge is slightly smaller of course due to the thickness of the iron . the inside diameter of the bottom of the pan is 10 inches . 
it is not machined . i just received mine today . although the bottom is much smoother than lodge , the bottom is textured rather than pebbly . i hope that with a few years use it can be used to fry eggs and will become smooth . meanwhile there are no manufacturers in the u.s. that machine it 's cast iron . our only resource is estate sales and yard sales . good luck finding the 'prize '' . 
when i measure it i get 15inches by 9inches , not including the handles so that 's just cooktop surface . hope that helps : ) 
i actually use it on the oblong 5 burner . it is to big for a single burner 
yes , it will work , we use it flat electric , but there is no reason it would not work on a gas stove . it is a cast iron griddle , nice , heavy weight . just care for it like any other cast iron , season it , do n't immerse it in water , keep it oiled and it 'll last forever . 
yes . we do all the time . 
the well has no groove cut into it 's edge to allow the accumulated grease flow out easily . the hot grease will wander around the edge and spill aimlessly everywhere except where you want it , in a grease pan ! being shallow , the unexpected volume of grease can be troublesome while outdoor grilling if the grill is out of level . it will overflow and spill into the firebox and possibly start a grease fire and ruin your meal and event . it heats well and even as cast iron does , retains the heat when items are placed on it and a breeze to clean . 
i have a large array of cast iron cookware that i 've been using for many years . direct flame does n't appear to affect the the 'seasoned ' surface in any way . also , i 've found warnings such as 'do n't leave it to soak in water ' and 'dry it immediately after washing ' to be a myth . i soak mine ( usually because i ca n't be bothered to wash it up at the time ) and when i do wash them i allow them to air dry . a properly seaoned pan will not let water penetrate to the iron and therefore no rusting will occur . what is most important , is to ensure that the pans are always seasoned correctly . it 's easy to see when they need re-seasoning , they lose their shine . to re-season , i rub mine with canola oil using paper kitchen toweling , then bake in the oven for 2 hours at 500f . they come out with a solid black shine that lasts for months . hope this helps . 
its 18 1 2 `` long with handels 15 '' cooking area and ita 9 '' wide 
i 'm not sure what the coleman stove looks like , but this skillet is cast iron and work equally well on my propane grill , my charcoal grill , and my gas stove in the house . 
its 9 '' x15 '' its well made nice and heavey cast iron 
the lip is very small ... cooking bacon is a big problem . pancakes would be ok or grill cheese , but nothing that has a lot of greasecooking out of it . 
it has a central knob on the lid . that is what i remember as i returned it because i had ordered the wrong size . 
it is a handle that i can use the end of my grilling spatula to open when hot . 
yes this has has a lip so that the hot coals can be placed ontop . 
i do not have this information . i am waiting for a response from the manufacturer . 
it 's 13.75 '' diameter at the top with about 1 '' flanges to hold the handle . the bottom has an 11.5 '' diameter 
no 
its about 6-7 inches deep ... i would n't , it has a large king kooker logo on bottom and may scratch your stove 
yes it does . i bought a lifter too and a lid rest . 
it 's manufactured by metal fusion inc. which is out of jefferson , la . 
28 7 8 x 14 
14 '' x 28 '' 
i use it with my glass cook top .really heavy do n't drop it . 
we use a light spray of vegetable oil , so never have a problem with anything sticking . pancakes and eggs are sunday favorites . 
did n't weigh it on the scale but it 's quite heavy . probably more than 20lbs . 
30 inches including the handles 27 inches of grill space 
yes it does , on the flat side along the length of the griddle 
you should be able to use it on a camp fire . 
yes but it is heavy a bout 28 lb 
new european distributor has only new old stock complete units , no spare parts . model discontinued as they do not own manufacturing rights . rumors exist of an american warehouse with complete units and parts but no one knows where it is or how to get in touch . my miss combi duo never worked properly anyway . 
milk goes in the top , coffee in the bottom . check out the you tube video to see how both espresso and cappaccino are made . hope this helps . 
chiumei , i believe i get about an inch of froth as well . if i got any more it would run over the edges . i hope yours is running up to the edge before it starts to settle down again . maybe you need to try a different brand of milk . i 'm lactose intolerant and i 've found that using different brands of milk , will help the froth or hurt it . lactaid is the best so far . hope you have it in your area . i also heard , ( have n't tried it yet ) , that if the milk is warmer ( not out of the fridge ) , it will froth more . 
just stay away from the usual american blends and you 'll be fine . i usually use lavazza roma or prima gusto but i heard illy is even better . lavazza roma is a bit less intense compared to gusto but its upto your taste requirements . 
in the top section . read the instructions and watch the youtube video . it 's easy to use and makes good cappuccino ! 
the best advice i can give is to push the spring loaded plunger on the milk frother with a toothpick and make sure it moves freely . it not a bad idea to take it apart ( the frother ) and clean all the parts once a week or so.. however once the pressure release valve on the side goes bad there 's nothing you can do as i have not been able to find replacement parts . had to throw mine away 
the only mechanical parts it can come from is either of the pressure release valves . 
yes . sofa comes unassembled in two separate boxes . i moved my sofa ( same model ) through my front door without a problem . 
reversible l r chaise:84 '' x 36 '' x 37 '' h 3-seat sofa : 82 '' x 36 '' x 37 '' h ottoman : 36 '' x 26 '' x 20 '' h 
this couch does not include an ottoman . 
hello . they are velcro . 
big 
they 're very heavy and were too difficult to mount on the wall . really a waste of money . 9.5 deep , 28 wide , 9 high 
9 '' high x 28 '' long - but inside is only 7-3 4 '' high - can only fit small books or dvds . 
the shelves i got where 9 3 8 '' deep and 7 3 4 '' tall . 
yes . the wall mounting brackets attach to the box not the back . 
weight limit dependent on what it will attach to . studs on both sides will hold maybe 50 or 75 pounds , but dry wall anchors much less . 
we have put a wall mount tv above it.. 
yes , but you need to buy a ( sold separately ) bracket to mount it or build your own in-wall stand to put it on . it 's quite heavy . if you mount it with their bracket , it only recesses 4 inches , but you can still use the heater , which blows down . if you recess it any further , you 'd have to take off the heater and use it as a visual only , otherwise you 'd be blowing the hot air behind your sheetrock , which is probably a fire hazard . 
do you mean hang it flush with the wall ? i do n't think so , unless you have an enclave you can set the unit on . the large glass screen goes in front of the metal heating unit , which is shorter , and has about a 4 or 5 inch thickness , so it will stick out from the wall , if that 's what you 're talking about . 
this unit can heat upwards of 400 square feet . 
here are the dimensions 50.4 '' w x 26.4 '' h x 6 '' d viewing area : 31.5 '' w x 11 '' h 
it does work in my living room that is approximately 1519 . 
most likely not . 1500 watts is about 5000 btu at most . 
the vents are on the top & bottom of the unit behind the facing surround . carlos 
hello , it is not magnetic . 
we have not bought replacement paper for it yet , but i did find a rock on amazon that was 15 inches . http : www.amazon.com art-alternatives-childrens-easel-inches dp b0037u1p1i ref=pd_sbs_op_3 
my two grandsons , ages 2 and 4 , are 'all boy ' and it 's still nice and solid , and they still love it , months later . i second whoever said be sure you have the legs properly adjusted to level . the only minor problem is that the bar holding the paper roll comes out too easily when a little one pulls on the paper . but that 's an easy fix at home . 
it 's wide enough for s roll of art paper . however , this product is very cute and a space saver , but the quality of the product is terrible . 
we do not ship this to australia at this time , and apologize for it stating that on this item . 
that is a mistake . it is definitely chalkboard on one side , dry erase on the other . this is a great product . all i had to do was buy a few crayola washable dry erase crayons . otherwise it was ready to use once assembled ( which was also easy ) . both kids use it daily . 
i do know i wo n't buy another one . poorly made . 
i 'm not familiar with art paper rolls or where to get them . i 'd suggest checking with the manufacturer at ecr4kids.com . both an email address and toll free telephone number are listed . 
our chalk board came with a defect , so we had to glue ours , and no longer have this option , but if there is no defect than is very easy to fold up . 
total interior width is 26 1 2 inches . interior height is 7 3 4 inches . great for dvd game cases . warning these shelves are heavy . i do not have them mounted but rather stacked on a dresser . posted a picture . 
the shelves are only about 9 inches deep . most dvd players are much deeper . 
yes , they do . they also come with a template board you can place on the wall to measure the distance between the holes before drilling . 
yep , the assembly instructions state that the back panel is an optional decorative feature that can be left off . 
mounting these on the wall only requires some wood screws with an average flat head size . the panels are already cut and reinforced to accept the screw heads and thus mount flush with the wall . just be sure the screws are level on the wall and it should work great . 
mdf . 
not sure of the dimensions . however we bought them to use for towels in a salon . after rolling them up it was a go . however they were n't tall enough to put shampoo bottles inside . only on the top 
9.5 x 27.8 x 9 inches ; 22 pounds 
the weight capacity for this item is 25 lbs . 
these shelves are definitely strong enough for a 50 inch flat screen . 
no but i will say check the dimensions i expected them to b larger i did not check dims 
please take the size mentioned in the product feature as the exact one , for this painting , each panel is 12x16inch , total 3 pcs . the picture here just show the design of the artwork . thanks 
hello , the one i received is 16 by 24. its not as big as the picture but it does look original and pretty nice for an oil painting . 
yes , there is frames on the back , it is ready for hang . thanks and best regards , santin art 
sorry , we 're a dealer not a charity , but your offer to our quality is really un-reasonable ... honestly , accmarket -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - kindly note the approx size shown in the photos is 20 '' x30 '' each panel , images shown above the sofa is for display reference only and may not represent the actual size ! thank you for your attention ! regards , lily -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- hi , i just wonder where you purchased the original order ( small one ) ? kind regards , lily for accmarket -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- hi a. , thanks for your visit to our studio ! yes , we have larger sizes available for this style , pls feel free to write to us if you 'd like customize the artwork to be other size or color scheme . thank you and hope this helps ! size 1 : 12x24x3pics ( inch ) size 2 : 18x36x3pics ( inch ) kind regards , lily for accmarket 
yes it 's the whole canopy frame ! : - ) the only thing you need to buy separately is the bed frame ( that your mattress will sit on ) it connects to the headboard and foodboard . 
i have never figured out how to attach my frame ( which also came with no directions ) to this . i have them as seperate units which seems to work ok ... wish i could be more help . 
no , you must buy the frame ... and do n't forget the footboard extentions that they told me i needed 2 months after the fact ... or you have to wire tie it together ... also 1 of the metal pieces can off the footboard last week ... i only puchased it at christmas 
its a complete canopy frame . which includes ; the headboard , footboard the four tall poles that makes it a canopy . all you need is a mattress frame . it does not come with the mattress frame that your box spring would sit on . you need it to connect this with . 
yes this is definitely possible . however , there will be 3 holes on each pole where the headboard and footboards would have been inserted then screwed in . 
no , i have it over me full bed but i think it 's actually designed for a queen . but if you do n't attach it to the bed you can put the twin under it 
approximately between 6'8 and 6'10 definitely not over 7 feet tall . 
had to find old school rails that screw on both sides 
this thing sucked all around . it 's too heavy for the box it came in so it had holes in the box , i tried to get around that put all the poles out and it was flimsy . i would not recommend this thing . 
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . unfortunately , according to this seller 's shipping information they only offer standard continental shipping which takes about 3-5 days . thanks for submitting your question ! 
i do n't think so . it would definitely spill . 
as long as you keep the roller clean it will . 
hi molly , i would say it is about 6 '' but i need to get you the exact measurement later . do you have a restrictions on the distance ? thanks -freddy 
not sure what normal smarties are . i looked it up and discovered what you meant . this would be perfect for m & ms and smarties . when dispensing m & ms , because they are somewhat polished , just hold your hand around the container you 're dispensing to to avoid the candies bouncing around or it may not even do that . i use it for dispensing cereal . i hope this helps . 
thanks for posting your question , according to the suppliers page , the dimensions are 31.13 ( l ) x 17.5 ( w ) x 13.88 ( h ) . i hope this was helpful ! 
it easily allows you to use a padlock , but does not come with one . 
yes . 2 in the rear 
michael , i am unsure at this time as my son has them at camp . sorry ! ( i would certainly not try to submerge it , though ! ) : - ) 
yes it will fit a cal king frame . the nice thing about these slats are that the ends of the slats which rest upon the side rails are flatten out to sit nice and flush on the side rail . i would estimate the thickness of the metal on the flatten ends at no more than 3 8 of an inch . where the metal ends flatten out , there is also a notch so the slat rest just right on top of the side rail . it has a hole in the flatten out end where you can then insert enclosed screw through the hole and attached to the wooden side rail . 
two would be enough 
i 've long since thrown away the directions . i 'd got down and measured an approximate minimum is 6 inches . it has 4 1 4 '' extensions that can be added if need be , so i 'd say 14 to 15 `` maximum extension could be possible . i really like the system , it is clean and reasonable in price . i would recommend purchasing 2 sets as each set comes with 2 cross members , with only 2 there is a fairly significant area that is not supported for a king size . my furniture came w just one set and was fortunate to find the same item on amazon . i forgot to mention they screw into the `` runners '' that the slats would normally rest on . hope this helps . 
i 'm not sure on a number but they seem pretty sturdy . my only suggestion is if you have a king size bed is to buy 2 sets , that 's what i bought..1 set would n't have given the full support needed . 
your are going to need a box spring or at the very least a piece of plywood cut to size . if you have or get a box spring you will need at least 5 slats , if you go with plywood you may need less . 
the slats are made of two pieces that telescope to adjust to the bed width . the foot supports are threaded so you can adjust the height . 
we have ours at 11.25 inches to bottom of boxspring . there are also extensions which will add another 4.5 inches if needed . 
yes . i have them screwed in to make sure they are sturdy and dont move since it ison my sons bed and he constantly jumps into his bed to get in it . 
i have a california king sized bed that had almost no support at all for the box springs , etc . it had good strong side supports but nothing to hold any weight in the middle . i bought two sets of these and they worked beautifully . i now have one of the most sturdy solid beds ever . you do want to use box spring ( s ) or a sheet of wood though . i do n't recommend putting a mattress directly on these supports . they are super strong but you need to disperse the weight of the mattress evenly if you want a nice comfortable bed . 
you get 2 rails , 4 legs . have the legs at 7 but there is at least another 2 to unscrew and there are 4.5 inch extensions so -- you can go at least to the 14 inch range . think the width will go to 75 but ... they 're on the bed at this time so we ca n't measure for you . 
no , hand wash - which really is a cinch , one can basically just wipe them clean . there is no scrubbing or soaking needed , and the cooking surface dries immediately . 
no , it 's made in germany . it 's excellent quality and the best non-stick coating i 've seen . but my problem was that the 2 smaller pans do not work on my jennair induction range . the contact area on the bottom is too small and the range does not recognize that there is a pot there . hope this helps . 
no , plastic handles . 
well , my stove top is gas . 
it does n't have to be hung . i bought two of them , stacked them on top of each other on the floor , and use them as a long bookcase for cookbooks in the kitchen . 
it has striations , and looks very pretty in person . nicer than the picture and very easy to assemble . 
dimensions are 11 13 16 '' deep , 47 '' wide ( left to right ) , and 14 15 16 '' tall . the spaces between the vertical dividers are 13 1 4 '' apart . 
because i am traveling , i ca n't measure the unit . but product dimensions are listed in the description : product dimensions : 11.8 x 47 x 14.9 inches ; 33.8 pounds 
hello , the tools required will be a hammer and a phillips head screwdriver . 
8 '' wide and 47 1 2 inches long 
hmmm probably not , doesnt feel that sturdy . i can keep a couple text books on it but even then i feel wary doing it since it doesnt feel sturdy enough 
yes . the assembly instructions have weight limits for each piece of this desk . here they are : top shelf = 10.0 lbs. , right and left small top shelves directly under top shelf = 5.0 lbs . each , large desk top = no weight limit given , 2 drawers on left side = 33.06 lbs . each , pull-out keyboard shelf = 33.06 lbs. , right side open space ( tower shelf ) = 150.0 lbs. , no other weight limits given . i imagine that the left side space with door would be the same as the right side open space ( 150.0 lbs . ) hope this helps . i can scan the diagram and e-mail it to you as an attachment if you like . from , bizarmag @ aol.com 
yes 
18 '' deep , 10 3 4 '' wide , 21 5 8 '' high 
there should be a picture showing the specs online . but between the drawers and the shelves of the desk there 's about 27-29 '' , enough space for your chair , that 's it . and the depth is about 21 1 2 '' . 
i have mine set up with my keyboard on top of the desk and have no problems . the edges are n't sharp at all . 
from the back of the desk to the front ( bookcase end ) is 53 1 4 inches . 
i currently have a laptop and another flat screen monitor on it and there is an okay workable amount of space on the main part of the desk . depending on the size of your keyboard , you will have a fair amount of space on the left side and then have the entire right side of the desk . 
i did n't have any delivered to me either . but i did n't use anything to hide them . but i 'd imagine a hardware store or wal-mart would offer something to cover the cam locks . 
no 
it is approximately 53 '' total length . 
there is very little `` back '' to the desk , given that it is mostly open . but , yes , all sides are finished so you can position it anyway in your room . 
no 
yes - i have it arranged the opposite way . a day or so before you setup , do a full inspection of all of the pieces - it will be time consuming , but will give you time to request replacements . two of the very large pieces on mine were cracked ( one is on the top surface ) . it really takes away from the value of this desk , but not much you can do once in the heat of putting the monster together . it would be very difficult to take apart to replace , if you waited for them to send a replacement . 
yes . that 's exactly what i did . the stem has to be shortened . try it prior to adjusting the length . you may like it as is . 
i do n't know . i never got to use it because i got a dirty unusable coconut scrapper . i just threw it away because it was n't even worthy to go thru the hassle of trying to send it back . sorry . 
3.5cm 
yes . 
yes , if bought from someone other than amazon . 
i guess you can , but the shape is not made for it . you put the coconut around the scraper , not sure how you want to do that with a potato : ) 
no , it is a mechanical scrapper & does n't need any ac dc power to operate it . 
these mugs are imported from england . 
they hold 11 ounces , filled to the top . we also carry larger bone china mugs . if you put `` joanbet 's chinafind '' into the amazon search window , all of our fine bone china beaker offerings will come up . thank you for your interest and be well . 
these will hold 11 ounces . 
yes , indeed ! they are microwave safe . i have had mine for nearly two years , use them in the dishwasher and the microwave - just about every day - and they are every bit as beautiful as they were the day i got them . 
22 inches 
the script color is black 
this color is lighter then oatmeal . so if i had to give it a color i would say a warm vanilla or a light cream . but the way ... i love this bench ! ! 
i 'm not sure i would use it as a coffee table unless i put glass on top of it . we just use it as extra seating . 
yes , definitely ! it is quite sturdy and comfortable . but not very `` cushion-y '' . 
81 2 inches . 
the legs are a dark brown color , almost black . 
i have n't measured it but my husband put all of his archery hunting gear in it . it holds a lot more than i thought it would . 
42 '' long , 22 '' wide , 18 '' high 
they are a very dark espresso color . 
safeway , winco , cvs ( some stores ) , walgreens ( some stores ) , heb , supervalu , wegmans , walmart.com 
the first thing that comes to mind as a user of this product is that it does not get too hot to touch . a ceramic bowl or something similar will be scalding hot after 4 min in the microwave . another advantage for me is that there is no measuring . fill to the line and your noodles are perfect every time . 
i always use cold water out of the tap 
2 separate bowls . 
a lid is not necessary because ramen cooks by being absorbing hot water . a lid is only useful if it 's cooked by steaming . a lid does n't help the water boil any faster in that 4 minutes , and it does n't speed up absorption . for the same reason , no one puts a lid on the pot when cooking ramen on the stove . 
it would overflow if you did 2 cups . 
i would n't see why not . i 'd use something like a paper towel or napkin though , a plastic lid might not be permeable enough . also , i 've never noticed any kind of mess in my microwave after using it without a lid . 
they definitely are light and can be stacked but they do n't fit inside each other completely . alone one is about 2 inches each high and two stacked have a combined height of 3 1 2 inches . they work great though ! 
yes 
they do not but you can seperate them easily . 
i have magic bullet model # mb1001 . it 's one of the first models . the ice shaver does fit , the hub on the bottom is slightly different but it works just fine . the new magic bullets come with the ice shaver blade , you can go look at one in costco or bed bath and beyond and compare it to your model . but remember they look different but fit and work fine . hope that helps 
yes , this is a blunt crushing blade . it fits on the bullet perfectly . 
sharp-ish . it works great if you can get it to stay tight on the cup . buyer be warned 
it did but the second time i used it it broke . i then used the one that is a single blade and it worked perfect . you do n't really need to buy this one is a waste of money and it breaks , i have already bought 2 and they both broke 
it is as pictured . the blade and the base ready to use . 
this is not a question ! 
yes it will fit ... but this blade wears fast . the hard plastic nubs at the bottom of the blade stops fitting and slips . i used it alot but it does n't last ! 
hi frank yes it will work . i 'm using it in that model now . enjoy ! 
no 
no 
it has chess pieces printed on the front and back of each shot glass , so it 's designed to be a chess set . that being said , if you wanted to , you could ignore those and play a game of checkers instead as well . 
the glasses are fairly small- they handle only 1oz each . that being said , that 's still 16 oz of booze per side in a game , so the smaller sizes make sense ( albeit more dishes as well xd ) . 
yes- both the board and the shot glasses are made out of glass . 
our board was cracked in the corner but other than that it was fine . very poorly packaged though . 
13.75 inches by 13.75 inches 19 inches diagonally 
it really all depends on what you use it for . if only rice , than a regular model would suffice . now if your making mixed dishes that use meat and poultry , than the pressure cooking option is a must . not to mention , if you love brown rice , but hate the hardness that accompanies brown rice . the gaba brown rice feature pressurizes the water to 221 degrees fahrenheit to increase the absorption of water in the rice to make it as soft as white rice . if you use this as a main kitchen appliance , than the cost seems rather inexpensive . but if it 's just to make white rice , than cheaper options are available . 
according to the manual you can set the rice cooker timer so that the rice will finish cooking by a specific time . ( clock on the rice cooker must be set to the current time before setting the timer ) . we 've not used this feature yet , but in theory you could set to whatever time you desired . hope this helps . 
no is all platinum coated inside 
the cooking time for white rice under the 'umami ' setting is 74 mins . the regular setting is something like 55 min ... and the 'quick ' setting is somewhere in the 30 's . some of my friends swear by the 'quick ' setting using a little extra water , but i 'm the 'slow food ' type of person and plan the time for the long cook times . these cook times are pretty much the same with the non-pressure versions in my experience . 
i would recommend you call the manufacturer and ask them directly , they have good support . 
the major difference is that the nvc10 is a pressure cooker , so it will cook the different types of rice at different temperatures for better results . 
japan . but some models are not , so look at the label , right on the front of the machine . you can see it in the picture on line . 
ya , weird verbiage . they seem to be referring to the ability to both cook and warm rice . this thing is totally worth the money though . 
i would n't use it for anything other than making rice , you could use chicken broth instead of water to flavor the rice , but i do n't know what might happen if you put just liquid in it . it is a pressure cooker but specifically designed for rice , and at the price you pay for it , i would n't use it `` off label '' as you 'll surely void the warranty . page # 3 of the manual in big letters says : `` this product is for cooking and keeping rice warm only '' and right underneath it has lots of `` don'ts '' regarding only using it for rice and not for anything that will possibly expand splatter splash up to clog the pressure relief valve . 
i have made the single cup size batches many times with perfect results . ( the mininum size is 1 2 cup as marked on the cooking bowl . ) when i made larger batches , there was no noticable difference in the results . always perfect ! as long as the measuring of rice and water is accurate , i see no reason why the cooker would not cook as little as 1 2 cup at a time . 
120v 
when opening the lid after freshly cooked rice , i would n't say it 's hard to open , but it does open slowly due to the pressue . also for the love that is all holy gently guide the lid down . this past tg i witnessed my mom trying to play whack-a-mole with my lid and immediately showed her that it needs to be guided down gently until it locks . hope this helps & enjoy your cooker ! the umami & gaba rice settings are my favorite . 
no , this thing is mostly a one trick pony , but it is incredibly good at what it does do . 
no 
yes 
go to zojirushi website select `` shop '' then click on `` parts '' 
induction heat is just finer control of the heat and heats quicker . not sure it 's worth the extra money , but for the gadget nut , you wo n't be happy knowing a higher grade cooker is out there . i 'm sure the both work well . 
probably not . the rice & # 127834 ; will be done long before the beans . but this will make the best rice you will eat . 
no . manual cleaning . very easy cleaning process . 
sorry we only offer 110v . 
dishwasher safe top rack . not microwave safe 
no , they 're made in thailand . 
no , but wish it did . 
it comes with the soft bag 
i put the food in the bowls the night before . that way everything is cold before using the box . ice pack would work too . 
plastic and washes really easy keeps warm the food 
if you heat food in a plastic container you increase the risk of contaminating your food with plastic molecules . in short , do n't heat foods in plastic containers if you are concerned , 
i 've not tried it yet , it 's really too small and wo n't hold enough food . 
japan 
i 
my iron is too big to rest there . i do n't find it sturdy enough . but the price for the board was cheaper than walmart or costco . 
made in china . did you read my product review ? ? these are my own photos of the thing : 
it is about 2.25 inches thick when folded . mine arrived with a slightly bent leg , i suppose because the packaging was so shoddy . its fine for the price but i do not recommend it . 
i measured it out to 62 '' long and about 2.25 '' deep . 
no 
i do n't want to be rude but i have no idea . 
all i can answer for you , is that this strainer is a bit flimsy . i use it for brewing beer and if you want to strain anything that weighs more than a lb or two it bows real bad . go for one that costs a bit more unless you want it for a little bit of veg or pasta straining 
yes it is . 
it 's fairly fine-mesh -- we use it to strain broth . however , we 're not too picky about having the broth turn out clear -- if you care about that , you 'll probably need a second round with cheesecloth . overall , a nice , strong strainer , though ! 
yes ! as a matter of fact i just used it today to sift flour for a cake and it worked amazingly ! 
approximately 3 3 4 '' at deepest point 
18 inches 
no , honestly i do n't think so . it 's not fine enough . if you are straining milk i would spring for an even finer mesh or go the old-fashioned cheescloth route . 
yes , all parts are stainless . i 've used this quite a few times now , run it through the dishwasher , and it works just as well as it did the day i got it . i 'm very pleased with it . 
what kind of pasta ? elbows , spget ... ? for pasta i would buy a dif strainer ... eve if fits it wd be very hvy ... recommend 18 10 stainless bowl strainer . handles on side ... http : www.amazon.com cuisinox-footed-colander-satin-24cm dp b006k0vefe ref=sr_1_32 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1405188161 & sr=1-32 & keywords=18+10+stainless+pasta+strainer http : www.amazon.com pcs-stainless-steel-colander-set dp b00h2xphfq ref=sr_1_10 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1405188098 & sr=1-10 & keywords=18+10+stainless+pasta+strainer http : www.amazon.com hic-brands-cook-essentials-stainless dp b0041hlmp0 ref=sr_1_5 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1405188098 & sr=1-5 & keywords=18+10+stainless+pasta+strainer hope that helps 
no idea who make this , but i would be surprised if it was made outside china . i think i returned it , because ( as i recall ) it was shallower than i wanted expected . 
somewhat . i would n't recommend it for a child 's room or if you have children in the home . 
gd ! the book shelf holds 24-28 books per shelf depending on the sizes of each book . 
you could try and contact the manufacturer and order replacement parts . 
the shelves can be moved to different pegs but extras ca n't be added 
hi , i do n't recall exactly , but i 'd say about 40-50 lbs . it 's smaller than it looks in the picture and pretty janky , so beeare . 
6 ' tall , 25 '' wide and 9 1 2 deep 
yes it does . it has both a lamp over top , and an element underneath the popcorn tray to keep the popcorn warm . it works very well , but the popcorn is rarely in the machine long enough to need warming at our place . 
i know longer own it - not because it did n't work well - it did . sorry 
i have n't measured exactly , but it will make about 6-8 cups of popped corn at a time . as far as the entire unit , we 've never filled it to capacity , but i 'm guessing it would probably hold 40 or 50 cups of popped corn in the basin area . 
standard 110 outlet . 
yes 
it is 1 1 4 '' and is an exact match to a decorative soap dispenser we received as a gift purchased as part of a set from bed bath and beyond 
i 'm not sure what the difference is between a longaberger soap container and other types . but it does fit most standard soap containers fine . 
the plastic tube is about 10 inches long 
i do n't know if it is compatible but what i thought was a great pump is not so great . having had 4 of these pumps for awhile now they are all exhibiting the same problem . the bottom part of the cap that screws into your pump rusts from the water from your hands . the tops of my beige soap dispensers continually have rust marks . i 've spent too much $ on dispensers and new pumps and i 'm going back to the plastic disposables . 
the threads start almost at the open end . 
i used it in a 750ml jack daniels bottle and it was perfect . my husband loved it and all his friends want one too . 
4mm 
i do have both attachments . the side swipe is better for mixing heavy batters . the attachment is heavier than the flex edge . i do use the fles edge for light batters like milk based ones . overall the sideswipe is a better choice for more consistent mixing . 
it must be defective . we did n't have any problem attaching it to our mixer . you should exchange it . 
not sure , whatever you purchase probably needs minor adjustment with the screw under the tilt head to make it scrape the bowl properly . ( directions included ) . mine is artisan ksm150ps0b 5 qt tilt head and works great . the neck or shaft is 1.25 inches long and yours must be very close i would say within 1 4 inch to work . i have 3 addt'l similar attachments that are 1.25 to 1.50 inches long at shaft & work . unfortunately i have purchased 1 other similar in the past that were supposed to fit my model & does not , it is a scrape-a-bowl by pourfect ( red in color ) 
to wash it , no more than the regular beater . it probably depends more on the batter you are using . to get your batter off , if it is a thick batter , say with raisins or nuts , i use a small spatula to scrape the batter off . i 'm still liking the product , in fact when i received the emailed question . i was just getting ready to use it for banana bread . it 's well worth the price . 
i went by the description of 4.5 to 5 qt mixing bowls . model # on bottom of my bowl is k45 . perfect fit . 
i have ksm150psbu and it works well 
i believe so . as long as it 's a kitchaid tilt-head mixer , it should fit . 
no 
yes 
the beater will have a description of what it will fit . is your machine a tilt head or bowl lift model and how big is your mixing bowl ? 
yes , i even filled the chocolates i made with a creamy coconut filling-similiar to a mounds 
i 've never made soap or seen soap molds before , but i bought this for my sister to use for ice and it seems flexible and durable enough for what you 're looking for . i 'm feeling pretty positive about it being used for a soap mold ! i really hope it works out because it 's super cute for ice ! ! : ) 
it is hard , is not soft as the regular silicon mold that you can push it is hard pink plastic . not sure if it may have a low % of silicone but it seems to me as plastic , hard to unmold as well . 
once you set up your profile on the wahoo wellness app it calculates it for you . 
yes . i ended up getting a withing body analyzer to replace the wahoo . 
bmi is calculated reported after your weight on the scale itself . the app only tracks weight and bmi , but you can always export or transmit the data to other apps that may calculate out water , bone & lean mass for you . 
no it does n't but here 's a link so you can check it for yourself ; http : www.wahoofitness.com apps apps 
i have the same problem . i can not figure out why , i do n't even sync it to the app . i can get on it and get a weight that is about 2 to 3 lbs higher than what i get after 2 or 3 times on the scale . the reason i noticed is that the weight seemed off so i weighed myself on other scales i have and all of them read about 3 lbs less than this one . ? ? ? i will email the company and see what gives . good luck . 
yes 
it has a medium firmness . i bought it for my 12 y o daughter and she loves it . she has a platform bed and uses it with no box spring , so i say it 's just firm enough to support her but not too much that she feels as though she 's sleeping on a board . 
yes , just a day or two . i have it in my guestroom and after 3 different guests i have n't heard any complaints . i 'm happy with my purchase . 
my little guy sleeps with it . nor sure about side sleepers just because he only weights 50 lbs . had no issue in the past year . very comfy . 
ours smoothed out on it 's own after about a month . 
usa 
it states on a tag which is attached to the mattress that it can be used with or without a box spring . 
the full sheets i have fit perfectly . in my opinion the bed is a regular full size . 
no . it can be left on the porch . the mattress comes rolled up tightly within the box . it is heavy and awkward but nowhere near as big as a flat mattress would be . 
hello , thanks for posting . the product title states that this listing is for the back aid 10-inch mattress . based on this , the box spring is not included . thanks for your interest ! 
yes 
the scale shuts off a short period of time after you step off of it . i believe it also quits connecting to your device at the same time . 
hello , i use it with the ipad but i believe it should be the same . you would click on your name , then click on the graph which is located in the upper right hand corner of the screen next to the words `` my records '' . hope that helps . 
yes 
you have to get free app to you phone or tablet and enter information about your age , height and gender . after that you need to lunch app and step on scale ... .after 3 flashes of scales display you get result of you weight and bmi on phone screen with ? if you want to save this result . that 's all . 
only the witscale . app but it 's good 
i have linked it with 2 different devices ( ipod and ipad ) without any problem . so i do not see problem to do that you want to . 
no , the only thing that turns it on is standing on it . you would have to step off then step back on . 
i 'm afraid i do n't understand the question . so i 'll tell you what i know about it . after taking my weight , the display goes off after about 5 seconds . so there is no weight constantly on . ( if yours stays on perhaps it 's defective ? ) when the next person steps on it , the display comes on and begins to show the new weight . this occurs whether the succeeding weight is a person , or an object . 
hello ! since iphone4 does not support bluetooth smart ( bt4.0 ) , so iphone4 does not support . however , you can try iphone4s or later phones because they are built with bluetooth smart chip . it means iphone4s does work . i found the following information from the produce description . ios app : free witscale body fat app can be downloaded from app store . fully compatible with ios8.0 , iphone4s , iphone5 , iphone5c , iphone6 , ipad air , ipad air 2 and ipad mini . android app : free witscale body fat app can be downloadable from google play . please use search key witscale body fat.compatible devices : galaxy s3 s4 s5 , galaxy note3 note4 , google nexus4 nexus5 nexus6 nexus7 nexus9 , htc one 
the android app can be downloaded at `` https : play.google.com store apps details ? id=com.dacheng.witscale.activity & hl=en '' . i use the iphone apps i assume the android app works in a similar manner subject to the operational capabilities of the device . for me it works nicely providing a current reading and historical chart . check to app to view the features . sorry you have an android [ lol ] . 
there differences between the twelve or so sodastream models . some involve how you carbonate more or less , indicators of carbonation , glass carafes , or just aesthetics . the dynamo in particular is one of four models that take the larger 130l co2 canisters : http : www.sodastreamusa.com popups helpmechoose.html i 'm really glad i bought the dynamo , because we use the sodastream way more than i predicted we would . as it is , we go through the 130l once every three months . it 's more accessible , so we drink more carbonated water , tea , lemonade , energy drink , etc . the only downside has been that in our town , there 's only staples as a location we can exchange the bottles at . we do n't have a bed bath & beyond , and all the other physical locations like best buy herbergers , k-mart , etc . only offer the smaller bottles . and online at sodastream.com , you can no longer exchange the 130l bottles . if you think you 'll use it a lot , and you find a local source of 130l bottle exchanges , the dynamo or one of the other models that take the larger bottles is worth it . 
the bottles are plastic and can not be washed in hot water or the dishwasher . 
you can flavor with anything , but you can only carbonate water . you add the flavor after . you ca n't carbonate anything else or the sugars will gunk up the device 
you have to hold it back ( i guess snap back and hold ) then screw in the bottle . so i think its both . its not hard to use either way . first time you can have it as a two person job if thatll make you feel better but it is not necessary and easy to use ( all around ) 
it 's about 16.5 inches tall . ours slides nicely under our cabinets , whew . hope it works for you ! 
make sure you are pressing hard enough on the carbonation button . i had the same problem with mine until i realized i was n't pressing it down all the way . try two firm , short bursts . you will feel the difference in the pressure on the button when you get it right . 
i do n't know anything about empire depot , i never heard of them . 
i think it 's pretty close 
i have not done this yet . i thought it just unscrewed . sorry to not be more helpful . i got the largest co2 container so i do n't have to replace it often . 
i do n't remember all the flavors but it 's a nice 12 flavor assortment to get you started . 
i used tap water that runs through my undersink water filter . that keeps most of the hard water minerals out which can cause a problem of buildup inside the humidifier . 
i have the same problem ! i bought one last year and have n't had a problem with that one . wish i had an answer - but i share the frustration ! ! 
i have not had to clean the unit - it comes with a `` demineralization '' cartridge that is built into the reservoir lid . if it will not be used for a period of several days , empty and let the reservoir dry to prevent mildew . 
this humidifier has 5 levels of mist . no humistat . you can see how much mist comes out at the top . i have mine set on about 3 and it takes care of a very large room - 20 x 25 ' . hope this helps . i just want to add that i have read reviews that says the unit keeps beeping and shuts off . mine did this also when i first got it and i discovered it was not sitting even on the floor . i moved it to a corner and it has worked perfectly since then . it is so quiet that i forget it is in the room . 
yes 
there is n't a place to put essential oils in this humidifier . i do n't think it would be a good idea to add it directly into the water reservoir as it might collect on what ever mechanical device turns the water to a mist the owner manual does not mention the use of essential oils . the phone number for service is 866 737-6590 if this is n't the correct number to address your question perhaps they can direct you to the correct phone number . i 've been using the humidifier for almost a year and it is easy to fill , easy to adjust the amount of mist and is very attractive . 
the mist generator stops running , it beeps several times and the indicator flashes red until the tank is refilled or you press the power button . 
you ca n't . sorry 
44in by 9in in diameter 
no 
the unit is 10 inches high , 5.5 inches wide and 9.5 inches front to back . but , more importantly , if you buy this unit make sure you unplug it and drain it when you are not using it . i did n't and when i went to measure it , it was leaking on top of the cart it was sitting on . so , thanks for asking the question ! 
i believe you can go to the company 's website and find it there . i have n't done that but that is what i would try . hope this may help . lre 
no . it alawys beeps for refill etc . no shutting that off . 
no 
we use it in a 10x12 bedroom and i would n't use it a room any larger . 
yes -- -but i do n't recommend it for several reasons ( see my review ) 
i am uncertain what you mean , the tank ( left half of diagonal ) slides out of the holding bracket and you refill it at bottom of tank , the controls are part of the silver dial you see lower right side and the mist emanates from the top portion . it really is a great unit , and runs for nearly 24 hours using cool water , warm setting does not last as long and you can control the levels of humidity and output . the only thing i did not like about this unit is that it is made in china and i prefer all products made in usa 
you can set it for about 50 percent and then unlimited . . . 
no . you have to lift up the tank , flip it upside down , unscrew the plug , and fill from the bottom . it is a fairly small tank vs other humidifiers but may still seem heavy once filled . 
it has a screw in filter that you replace yearly to filter out white dust 
seems perfectly safe to me . and is not hot to the touch . i have purchased several over the years and this is by far the best one . 
no 
my american comfort did the same thing , so i returned it to american comfort in canada . i believe there was a phone number on the box . i got a brand new unit which has worked perfectly . excellent customer service . just got ta get in touch with them . 
12 '' w x 42 1 2 l x 13 1 4 h 
its pretty sturdy . weight bearing is as strong as the stud you screw the mounting bracket in to . 
the two sides are 8 '' w x 11 3 4 '' h x 9 '' deep . there is one behind each door , 11 3 8 '' w x 11 3 4 '' h x 11 '' deep . i hope this helps . 
flake board 
this hutch is white . the title now reflects the correct color . thank you . 
i mounted this on the wall but i do n't see why you could n't let it sit on a desk . it 's sturdy once assembled . it 's pretty level , so it should work well . 
your order should have included assembly instructions . please contact prepac directly or the seller of your order , they will be able to get this for you . 
the middle space is almost 24 inches wide and 15 inches long and 4.5 inches high . most text books would fit . the side spaces are only 8 inches wide but hold baskets for pens , etc . i know i can easily fit two big teachers additions in the middle section . 
no , it comes just like it is pictured . it is a great desk . nice quality . 
comes with everything needed . 
hi , i 'm a fellow customer and own this floating desk . unfortunately i have since discarded my instruction packing sheets with any specification of this product . what i can tell you is that it is pretty heavy but not enough to prevent me from installing this on my own in a safe manner ( 40 year old man fairly average weight and height ) . i have two of them and installed both of them on my own . i 'm very satisfied with the desks . 
16 '' apart for studs . i found it necessary to hang on 3 studs total for maximum stability . not sure of an alternative . 
they say 150lbs . bracket is nice because it has so many holes that its easy to adjust to find studs . heaven forbid you ever take it down . if you strip the alan wrench screw , youll have to buy a screw removal kit . went through this when i changed the wall colors . 
please see link to installation video . if you are unable to view please contact me directly . http : youtu.be ezwr-p7gzto 
about 21.25 inches when mounted on wall 
42 3 8 inches 
yes , if it is mounted correctly to the wall studs . i also have ours mounted at standing hight and use it as a customer service stations signing forms and conductiong other business . 
i think the flatter the paint the better . we had already painted our walls with egg shell and then read in the second the wall should n't have any sheen to it . it went up just fine on our paint , but i would guess flat would be even better 
sure . just email us right after your purchase . go to your order history page , click contact seller , to let us know that you want it mirrored . we will produce as noted . thanks . 
they should . i did pink and white flowers and it came out really pretty and they do cover the tree . 
sure , if you email us your mailing address , we can send it over . email us by clicking `` custom wall decals '' below the item price , then click on `` contact this seller '' at the bottom right of the landing page . thanks . 
baby pink and hot pink . the flowers are all seperate pieces so take a afternoon with some one to help ! 
yes . it will do . i have neck problems and need a pillow that is extreme smooshy and was hesitant to order something online and not smooshy tested . but i 'm happy to say i 've been very happy with this pillow . you ca n't go wrong with this one . 
no , you can not remove any stuffing unless you rip off the main pillow case . believe me , this pillow is so soft & flat so you do not have to remove any stuffing . 
i 've had mine awhile- since august i think- and it 's still wonderful ! 
they are standard size but because they are so squishy they do n't fill out a case like a regular pillow- they are thinner than a regular fully stuffed pillow , hence good for stomach sleepers . 
it is goose down . and it squishes down very well . my husband uses it and likes it a lot as he always squishes the pillow . 
it does n't say on the label but i assume regular feathers 
down is a form of feather , the layer closest to the goose 's body . 600 fill power white goose down 
yes . i ball mine all up to make it a little puffier , but it would also go quite flat . 
the tag on the pillow says it has a minimum of 80 % down . no thread count given . 100 % cotton 
assuming youean how high is it with your head on it , it is almost flat . this is a very soft pillow . i am a side sleeper , too , and bunch it up under my head to get some hight . 
there are little holes in the small cap to let gas escape . 
the product has now been updated with a platinum silicone grommet which is removable . 
if you google `` fermentation recipes '' you 'll find lots , and you can qualify it with `` vegetable , '' `` fruit , '' `` grain '' etc . depending on what you what to ferment . or you can go to culturesforhealth.com , sign up for their free newsletter , ebooks , etc . and get a complete education on all kinds of fermentation . 
if a wide mouth canning jar lid fits the jar it will fit if not , no . 
wide mouth lids fit all wide mouth jars standard containers which fit only standard lead containers 
remove the top cap . there is a piece of plastic shaped like a small glass . turn the small glass up side down and put it on the stem in in the middle of the main outside camber . place water in the chamber until it is above the holes on the small cup but bellow the stem top . replace lid and you have an air lock . if you are using this for brewing , then use cheep vodka instead of water . i hope this helps . 
i have only made quarts and 1 2 gallons . .t is a wide mouth top , . it does work great . you can start eating as soon as the bubbles stop . no smell in the house . shred the cabbage , mix in the required salt in bowl before putting in jar . i use a empty pudding cup under the top to hold down the cabbage , . the 1 2 gallon jar had to sit longer but still came out great . good luck . 
yes they are 
all parts were supplied . 
leave a headspace of at least 1 '' to prevent overflow . leave extra headspace , up to 2 '' for very active ferments like sugary beets or when the weather is really warm . 
hello , the comforter looks great , but is not warm enough myself it for winter . you will need a blanket . hope that helps . 
the full size comforter is for the double bed . these mattresses are the same just called double or full by people but they have the same demensions . 
yes 
just the comforter . bedskirt and pillow cases sold separately . 
a standard twin size mattress is 39 '' wide x 75 '' long . this comforter covers just perfect over the sides and bottom . it looks great with or without a bed skirt . 
this item is microfiber . i do not know whether this is the same comforter they sell at target 
hello ! the fabric quality and colours are excellent.however , there are no sheets in the pack . comforter and pillowcase . 
we only bought the bedspread no sheets . 
with a straight edge across the top , i make the inside depth to be 1 & 9 16 inches in the center . the inside bottom may be slightly convex . 
1.5 '' deep . when these came in , i was very disappointed because it advertises as a deep pie plate but in reality , it 's average . i already had two pie plates with this depth and i know there are deeper ones out there that can handle the volume i had intended these for i just have to find them . 
the bottom of the pie plate says mexico . i bake my fruit pies , then freeze them in these pie plates . 
it is 11 inch 's ! i hope i answered you question . 
yes they both angle outward like a regular pie pan . and they have the edges to create a nice crust thumb print around the edges . 
they 're just a tad under 2 inches 
sorry , i have no idea . 
sorry pie plate is 2 in i did buy a square pan and that was 3 to 4 inches 
110 
hi jorge , i 'm not positive but i think it is stainless steal . ten manual does n't break down piece by piece the materials but on the front cover it does say stainless steal . i hope this helps . joanne 
return it and get your money back complete defects 
it is metal however frees is not going to stick to it . i just know from working in a deli and using the fryers . i hope this helps . best regards , joanne 
yes 
i do n't think you can make it work that way . the juice is forced through the screen to the outside the screen cyclinder where it falls to the outside ring to the juice spout . the pulp falls through the center of the screen cylinder to it 's own spout . it 's designed to sperate the pulp , not include it . maybe you can mix some of the expelled pulp with the juice ? btw as a vegetable juicer , i think it works great . 
no , there is some pulp , but i use a metal mesh strainer if i want a clear juice . i do enjoy the minimum pulp in my v8 style recipe when using this juicer , its a benefit for fiber intake . i recommend this juicer i am very happy and satisfied with it . 
i have the vrt 330 and it takes up very little counter space . the 350 , i believe , is configured differently and takes up more horizontal counter space . i prefer the 330 for ease of cleaning , also . i believe they have the same power and the end results in the juice is basically the same , so i think is boils down to appearance . anyone else have a different experience ? sorry , i am way off base on this answer . the 350 is simply a heavier duty model of the 330 , but the same configuration -- standing upright . i have the 330 and it works just fine for me . the 350 has a heavier duty auger , but appears to be the same otherwise , for size and hp . sorry for the confusion in my previous answer . i guess i should have done my homework first ! 
absolutely . 
standard 120v . 
oh yeah . i just juiced pomegranate yesterday works great ... 
yes , it will crush ice , though i would advise against it because this will put greater strain on the motor and the plastic strainer inside ( thinner plastic & metal mesh ) . i have done it a couple times and worked well , occasionally having to reverse the motor to clear out bigger chunks . mine ca n't handle icetray cubes . if you want ice crushed i suggest getting one with higher rpm rating and larger grinder opening . to put in perspective , i had to tak several breaks making 16 oz of carrot juice because the motor kept overheating . yet it 's great for greens . 
yes . 
unless the manufacturer has changed the glass in the last year or 2 , the answer is no . mine are clearly stamped on the bottoms , `` not for use in oven '' . 
yes , they do . 
yes they are airtight and spill proof 
7x5 2 1 4 deep -- 4x4 2 deep -- 5 1 2 x 5 1 2 2 1 2 deep -- - 6 x 8 3 deep -- - 6 round 2 1 2 deep 
yes they are . 
only the containers are made of glass . lids are made from plastic # 5 . 
i ca n't say i recall seeing this specifically mentioned on the box ( both sets i rec 'd were in original packaging , unlike some other reviewers ' ) , but i 've frozen in mine without issues . btw i would definitely avoid dishwasher for plastic lids - the high heat , even in top rack , can eventually distort the shape & fit . 
the glass is clearly stamped on the bottom `` oven safe '' and that it is microwave safe , no broiler or stove top . 
love the set . the seal holds very well . you wo n't be disappointed ! 
yes . the stock pot and the large skillet share a lid and the small skillet and one of the sauce pans share a lid . 
not that im aware of..i 've never smelled any odors coming from the pan unless of course u burn something on it maybe like butter or something ... but it wipes right off ... also if u go to www.woot.com they have the same set for 89 $ they are an amazon company..the pans are well built ... if u have a marshall 's or homegoods store near you u might wan na go there to look at the pans they sell seperate peices usually frying pans i bought one to test out before i open my new set . and they work great in or out of the oven . hope this answers your question . 
no . it is enamel non-stick 
yes they are . one warning , however ... water takes forever to boil in these pots . wonderfully heavy pans but not terribly heat conductive . plan on lots of extra time to cook your meal . 
not 100 % sure but this set hasnt been around long enough for them to mess it up but the weight is decent not to light and not too heavy i have seperstely peices in the set already would be nice if all clad put the durability bases on all their nonstick cookware 
yes 
yes..they have the steel plate on the bottom to prevent from warping and can be used on any cooktop including inside the oven 
this 10pc set includes : 8-inch fry pan , 10-inch fry pan , 1.5 qt . sauce pan with lid , 3 qt . sauce pan with lid , 3 qt . saute pan with lid , 6 qt . stockpot with lid . 
they should be since they are made by all-clad ... the finish doesnt rub off at all..even if it scratches it still retains its nonstick properties , all clad uses exclusive nonstick coating for emeril and their own brand..will not wear off , i actually have 2 of these pans i bought at marshalls to try before i open my new set and so far they havent even scratched or anything and i use them for everything including oven use up to 410 degrees . they are excellent pans . they are sturdy and have a heft to them but not too heavy just solid good pans..no dishwasher needed , ,just use a little warm soapy water and a sponge and wipe off and dry.. 
yes 
yes , the cushions are removable . they are not fabric on the other side , they are just cloth . 
we like the furniture and actually find it to be really comfortable . it 's nothing fancy , but it looks nice and is comfortable to us . 
i really wanted a grey set , this does have a lot of beige in it , its like a grey brown tan beige tweed . its not very attractive . nice and firm , uncomfortable to most . i do n't really recommend it for living room , maybe basement . i 'm just getting my moneys worth for now until i get another . i will never buy furniture online . accent pillows are definitely beige . i gave mine away . 
loveseat is 60 '' l x 32 '' d x 34 '' h couch is 84 '' l x 32 '' d x 34 '' h 
never got it ... delivery was a problem 
i have the sectional . it came with 5. they are not very high quality , kind of thin . the sofa is excellent and i highly recommend ... but the pillows are just average . 
they were square pillows , i did n't measure them but i think they are around 15-17 x 15-17 . 
hello , for items fulfilled by 
yes , they are ! 
to get the average bowl of frozen fruit ( i liken it to a bowl of ice cream ) i usually use the equivalent of two frozen bananas , plus half a cup of berries . the bananas work well and masquerade for the mouth feel of ice cream . i 've used any number of banana combinations with blueberries , strawberries , raspberries , and melon . the best thing is to freeze a whole bunch of fruit on a cookie sheet so they stay separate and then bag them up and keep them frozen for when you need them . the directions state to bring the frozen fruit out for 10 minutes before processing and that works well . we are very happy with the machine and have 'guilt free ' desserts all summer . hope that helps . 
yonanas creates a much smoother and creamier product than either of the other machines . fro frutti looks like a cheap play dough machine and is all plastic . bullet knocked off the fro frutti design but still uses plastic blades . yonanas uses stainless steel blades and is easy to use and clean . 
i watched youtube videos and decided that fro-frutti would work for me . yonanas uses a blade which fro-frutti does not . i think the end result is the same , but fro-frutti is less expensive and seemed less dangerous to me . 
you can use any type of frozen fruit . i 've used berries and pineapple , and they worked just fine . 
not really . it 's designed to turn frozen fruit into a creamy ice cream like dessert . it has no freezing capacity . 
the one that i purchased works on 110v . see if the company offers and equivalent for uk . otherwise , you can always get an adapter that will convert from 110 to 220v . cheers ! 
the information on the bottom says 120v- 60kz-120w . 
i have n't tried that , but my key ingredient is overripe frozen bananas . they make everything much sweeter . 
you can get it in the european amazon - not exactly this one but these machines all work the same ... http : www.amazon.co.uk frozen-fruit-dessert-maker-delicious dp b00hs5b8ym ref=pd_rhf_se_p_img_1 also you might want to look at this machine in amazon u.k. : beem sorbet king grater 
please contact your seller for instructions . here is the phone to call at 920-347-9122 for nostalgia electrics . 
one solid peice ... the cushions are garbage ... 
mine came with ottoman and the pillows . 
it comes in 2 , very large , boxes 
yes , but please do n't purchase this couch sucks more than kim k . 
no its sturdy 
i would say a 4 , but definitely softens with usage 
i bought this sofa for my son , and do n't have it , the measurement is on description below found product info ... 
about 102 x 65.. just measured ... 
hi , great question . according to the product details , this sofa has a reversible design . this means you can set up the chaise on the left or the right side . for your convenience , this information can be found next to the product picture . i hope this helps ! 
sofa : length= 65 '' depth= 35.5 '' height= 32 '' chaise ( it 's not attached to the sofa ) : length=36 '' depth= 65.5 '' height= 32 '' 
it 's about 90 '' or so long . you can also remove the chaise and just use the 2 piece sectional . it 's about 60 '' long . 
it 's certainly not 116 '' nor is it 96 '' . unless my tape measure is horribly inaccurate , the 2 seat section is about 60 inches , and the chaise section is about 30 inches , give or take a half an inch for each measurement ( and you might add the cushions for another couple inches , but they are squishy and can compact to fit the length of the couch ) . maybe one of the other couch options is 116 '' ? and if you want a bit of space on each side of the couch , 96 '' is safe . but the couch sitting in my living room is 90 '' long . 
its a 3 inch gap between the floor and the bottom of the couch . i can roll a ball under there but i dont think a cat can fit . 
it is one piece but can go on either side . 
26inches 
unfortunately , there is not . 
you can leave it free standing . you can attach the armrests to both sides of the couch and leave the chaise separate and without armrests . 
it 's roughly a 31 '' x31 '' square . from the back seat of the couch it sits out to 57 '' . from the very back of the couch 67 '' . 
it easily seats 3 people and the chaise is detachable . you can move the chaise to either end of the couch . 
116 inches long 
the chaise piece attaches to the couch with two steel `` u '' bars , but the chaise does not separate into a seat and ottoman . when you get the set you are getting a couch and chaise with arms that are configurable to have the chaise on the left or right side of the couch , or to have a chaise and love seat separate . 
the back cushions can not be removed . the seat cushions can be but it was very difficult to get back on 
you can change it from left to right , but the process involves disassembly and takes 15-20 minutes . cushions are not reversible , one side is cloth rather than fabric . 
about 95 inches long and the chase section sticks out about 65 inches . i 've had mine for 6 months and like it allot . the cushions are firm and not sink into kind . i prefer the firmer cushions personally . 
i do n't know the specific density , but the cushions are extremely firm ... . disappointingly so ... . 
i noticed a slight chemical smell when i un-boxed it , but it was gone later that day . i used febreeze and kept my window open to help the process along . 
i love it.it 's comfortable and my family and friends enjoy it when they come over . 
unfortunately we can not send fabric sample thanks your source 
yup ! 
yes , you are able to put it on either side . there are instructions for both ways . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog , i was unable to find this bed in queen size . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this product also viewed '' section for ideas of more available items . i hope you find one you like ! 
according to their website , the twin twin xl full hold 1600 lbs. , and the queen king cal king hold 3200 lbs . naturally , that is evenly distributed weight , so you could n't simply set a 1600 lb . ball in the middle of the bed and hope it would hold it . i weigh just over 200 lbs. , and i never hear so much as a squeak out of my bed frame . i am considering getting a thicker mattress , however , because with the bed in its fully upright position , i can occasionally feel the frame under me if i sit down too hard . 
it does n't come in a set , but you can order the frame and the mattress separately . for the frame : http : amzn.com b00br6wndi and the mattress : http : amzn.com b00br9igd6 
we use the larger one for kefir . it is a very fine mesh . i do n't imagine tea leaves would be stuck 
i do not know , but i use them to make kumbucha and if they were in anyway toxic the kumbucha would not grow . 
i have not tried , but holes are small , so i would say that it should not be an issue . i strain juice from my juicer ( omega vrt400 ) to strain out some excess pulp . 
the small one will work for the tiny chai seeds ( inner diameter is about 3 1 2 inches ) . the two larger ones have holes that allow the seeds to just fall right through . i use these for everything except hot foods . very sturdy for something made of plastic . 
the large and mid size appear to be the same . the small is finer . 
sorry , i do n't know . 
i use this set to strain my kefir grains from my daily glass of kefir ; and also to strain the grains from kefir whey when i pour it off after letting the mix ferment a few days during initial preparation ... i do n't know the particulars of greek yogurt . 
outside to outside edges are : 7 '' , 5.5 '' , 4 '' . just in case you want to know what size the strainer will fit into . 
top rack . they are nylon not plastic so much sturdier . 
do n't know the answer to that question . however i 've read articles recently indicating that research now shows that when manufacturers produce bpa free plastic they end up replacing bpa with other chemicals which have n't been tested as much but which are possibly just as bad for your health as bpa , and maybe worse . here 's an example : http : www.ibtimes.com bpa-free-plastics-might-not-be-safe-you-think-they-are-1559434 everybody draws the line in a different place about how careful they are about possible toxins . these plastic mesh strainers have been quite useful for me . before i got them , i used metal mesh strainers which often rusted and deteriorated , causing me a different kind of concern about contamination . so it 's hard to get a very fine mesh strainer that is completely pure -- what are you going to make it out of ? not glass or ceramic ... . 
just like contact paper . 
i was also looking for an inexpensive redo to some older items as a college student with limited funds ; ) . i put this on a desk and old entertainment center . it 's actually very nice i was surprised at the quality . the desk gets a lot of use to it is starting to peal away at the ends , thinking of trying some glue to keep it from pealing up . on the entertainment center however it has held up nicely with no pealing . 
like the description states , each roll is 10 ' long . 
wiping down is ok but u must be careful cause it 's kind of thin . as far as durability goes , it 's not entirely thick . 
no , it does n't match at the edges . 
yes , you get 2 18 '' x 120 '' rolls , for a total of 20 feet of length . 
totally removable ! peels off super easy and does n't seem like it would leave a sticky residue . 
well , i have n't tried to remove it for good once it was applied and i kept it on for a good long time , if that 's what you mean . but , in terms of it being removed off and on while you 're trying to line it up right or what not , then i found it to be pretty good for that purpose . my prediction is that it would be easy remove down the line once you 've adhered it . it may leave some sticky film , but the adhesive that is there does n't seem to be that sticky tacky to begin with . 
the skull itself is 4 '' tall , 3 1 4 '' wide , and 1 1 2 '' deep for the face of the skull . the back is 3 1 2 '' tall , 3 1 2 '' wide , and 1 1 2 '' deep . its pretty large when its put together . 
4.25 '' high , and 3.25 '' wide ( at widest point ) 
hi , that is such a great idea . i do n't see why not since you can do anything with chocolate . if you want to show the brain inside i would recommend to put them after . if you have a sharp knife just make a little hole in the skull by shaving the chocolate carefully and use melted chocolate to glue it . i made jell-o ones with clear gelatin and put what you like in it . this time i am decorating the skulls for `` dia de los muertos '' the day of the death a mexican tradition and the kids love to make them look in youtube and you 'll see how nice they are . i hope i was a help , good luck and have tons of fun 
hi definitely i would like to give you discount but the thing is there is no other criteria to send invoice on amazon . rate already fixed . we can not change shipping rate for one type of mold if we change the whole shipping system rate will be change . but we do give half discount after first item . you will be charge half shipping rate after first item automatically . i can do one thing for you that is .. i will ship your your via priority . you do not need to pay for this . thanks i hope will buy from our store . molds and things 
8.5 cm wide , 10.5 cm tall 
they worked very well ! 
yes - it 's a two part mold and is fantastic . it 's really easy to make the skull either as put together both filled parts for a solid one piece or if you coat in layers you can make the skull hollow . hope that helps if you want a picture ( not brilliant resolution ) but you 're welcome i can send one . 
hi larry , when i ordered this product i was able to make the bath bombs by cutting out two of the sides and pressing together . it was by far the best product i have found so far to make them -- hope this helps ! 
2 3 8 '' 
you will need 2. only 1 comes per pack . at least mine came that way . 
i dont bottle from the bucket why would you ? the fermentation is done in a carboy . you can attach your hose too the spigot and then put your racking cane on the hose 
the temp prob sticks out into the pot about 2 1 2 '' only . so there should be ample room for a chiller . hope this helps . 
i got frustrated at first with this issue as well , but i was able to address it and prevent it completely with just a little practice . because the ports are not welded and with the different thicknesses of metal ( kettle vs. hardware ) a little leakage ( a few drops ) during heating is completely normal and should stop once all the metal is heated thoroughly . it should n't leak at all at room temperature or after everything has come up to temperature , and here are a few tips to keep everything as well-sealed as possible : ( 1 ) keep the nuts snug but not over-tight . trust the o-rings to do their job ; ( 2 ) be sure to use enough thread tape to keep everything well-sealed and to avoid parts seizing together ; ( 3 ) do n't be afraid to disassemble and reassemble a few times to get everything just right . it takes some practice , but you 'll get the hang of the right tightness after a few times doing it right ; ( 4 ) test the assembly in your tub or shower ( or outside on the lawn ) with regular tap water and use the time to get the feel for how tightly the hardware should be put together . after a little tinkering , you 'll find the sweet spot . 
i actually do not use any hose . i just pitch it directly into the bucket . 
hi jared , the probe tip is about 5 1 2 '' from the bottom or 4.25 gal worth of liquid . hope this helps . barley & vine 
yes , it comes with pre drilled holes . contact the seller to see about an exchange or return . 
16 inches 
yes 
it looks to be the same as the ball valve which is 7 8 '' . 
14.5 inches 
the manual recommends partially filling the base with 8oz of undiluted white vinegar and letting it soak for 20min . you could also try a cap full of humidifier bacteriostat with a full tank of water , then running the unit . 
that light blue white part is tank and has cap with valve at bottom , you just have to lift the tank and refill it under tap with regular cold water ( do not use hot water ) , and place it to original position . it 's very easy . 
i use tap water however i have a water softener system and it works fine . the protek should n't be a problem . 
no filter . need to keep on level surface and no transporting unit with water in the jug . bought 2 and both are running great , running 24-7 all winter . 
hard water will cost the powdery film so using distilled water will help however ; if you are running it continually 24 7 this could be a bit expensive . this is my 2nd bionair cool mist humidifier and i have n't notice the film as much using this one as i did the previous humidifier . even then , while we did notice a bit of white powder on some objects it was not that much to cause us any concern . a humidifier with a filter should eliminate the problem . 
i think it is something like 2 gallons maybe . however , to be honest i used this for a year and it is breaking down pretty bad . i would n't recommend purchasing this unit . 
yes 
the one i owned , returned and reviewed was purchased at costco in the us and was 120v ac only-possible they do make a 220v model for export ... 
this is the most quite humidifier i find it , i ca n't handle noise , so i belive if i can sleep with this means it 's pretty quite 
it is silent . whereas other 's make some noise . plus , you get a fog type mist out of it . it really is so much better . 
i asked this question to nespresso customer service because i also wanted to know the difference . their response is as follows : `` i understand you would like to know the difference between the citiz 121 and the citiz 120 machines . either machine will provide the same intuitive features , seamless performance and an equally perfect espresso . the differences between the machines are purely aesthetic and are noted below : the spout c-range machines have a wider , flatter spout with a modern touch d-range machines have a narrow spout with a retro motif the chrome plated drip grid & cup shelf c-range features dotted grids d-range features slotted grids button position c-range buttons are located behind the coffee lever d-range buttons are located on the sides of the coffee lever side panels c-range has a horizontal notch on the side of the machine d-range does not available colors c-range comes in titanium , aluminum and fire engine red d-range comes in classic white , limousine black , and silver watch our aeroccino instructional video to see some additional features . 
hi , yes it is removable . i clean it every time i use it and then it is ready to be used the next time . i 'm not sure if the frother will work if you leave it in the refrigerator . it has an electrical system and plugs into the base of the machine . you just need to take the milk out of the refrigerator and pour it into the frother , put it on the base , push the button and you will have frothy milk in no time . if you want to see more , check out the video at : http : youtu.be 18qmbxvxo7i 
espresso is coffee only whereas a cappuccino has frothed milk in it . a more complete definition is ... espresso is generally thicker than coffee brewed by other methods , has a higher concentration of suspended and dissolved solids , and has crema on top ( literally cream , a creamy foam on the surface of the coffee ) . as a result of the pressurized brewing process the flavors and chemicals in a typical cup of espresso are very concentrated . espresso is the base for other drinks , such as a caff latte , cappuccino , caff macchiato , cafe mocha , or caff americano . espresso has more caffeine per unit volume than most beverages , but the usual serving size is smaller-a typical 60 ml ( 2 us fluid ounces ) of espresso has 80 to 150 mg of caffeine , a little less than the 95 to 200 mg of a standard 240 ml ( 8 us fluid ounces ) cup of drip-brewed coffee . [ 
it comes with one of each flavor , about 13 . 
you can froth cold milk in the aeroccino but you ca n't make a cold espresso shot . all the shots are brewed hot . 
yes it only works with capsules , the frother is attached but separate from the expresso part . they have to be done separately , but is very quick . 
no more noise than a normal coffee maker . 
super easy cleanup . rinse off . the best machine ever . buy it . without reservation . just buy it you 'll love it 
yes , there is , underneath the grid on the milk frother . 
the nespresso is strictly for making espresso . however , if you like lattes or cappuccinos then this machine will make the perfect cup . kureig pods wo n't fit this machine . 
yes it fits over your shoulder . i am happy with the product . 
closer to 3 than 5.2. it tapers to both ends . i found it to be too small so i bought a different one . 
it flattens out , but ca n't be folded . it is very light and portable . 
9 in height x 13 in length ( widest at the top , 9 in at bottom ) x 3 inches width 
it is full length along one entire side of the tote . it is big enough to put a few napkins , a set of utensils ( i use a bamboo set ) and perhaps a few dove dark chocolates : o ) . 
yes it has a zipper . 
not much to say . very much as advertized . you wo n't go wrong . 
it 's some sort of wipeable vinyl and yes it has a zipper . we love ours . 
hi- this item is a color may vary item and the color ca n't be chosen . have a good one ! ! 
this tablecloth is 100 % polyester fabric . 
hi- it is a color may vary item and the color ca n't be chosen . you will receive any of the colors shown on the picture . 
looking at the picture - it says zippered . 
2 inches x 2 inches x 2 inches 
very easy 
most of the standard herbs not really spices so dill rosemary oregano but no cinnamon or cloves i 'd like to buy a second one and fill my own bottles i think 
if you are planning to use the spice jars to hold the essential oils , i would think you might run into some trouble . the jar included in the set have plastic lids and are definitely not air tight ( many have mentioned that the more finely grated spices spill out of the lid ) so you could not only have the mess of the oil spilling out , but the smells would presumably escape as well . but if you are planning to leave the oils in their original jars and just use the bamboo case to store them , that might work ( if the dimensions are right ) . hope that helps . 
as far as i know it comes with the spices ( which is great because spices are very expensive ) 
4 ounces 
it comes with the bamboo ( wooden ) rack ... : ) the lid for the containers was the downside ... but other than that it 's a good spice organizer . 
yes , the lids do come off . they just sort off pop on and off . there is a rubber ring on each jar to help keep the lids on . if you just open them that way you will probably be better off . once you open the pop up and pour part of the lid they become a huge hassle . best advice is to just take the entire lid off each time . 
i have an adjustable bed and it works great on mine . 
good question . we have craftmatic split king . did you ever get an answer sharon ? please let me know if you did ... steve @ classicinsight.com 
i would also like to know the answer . if you found out michael , could you let me know ? steve @ classicinsight.com 
the pillowcase has the princesses on it . 
the comforter washes very well with no problems at all . 
no . it was 3 piece bed set . comforter , pillow , fitted sheet . dats all 
no it is not cotton 
it is 200 watts . processes ice perfectly and quickly . chops veges in seconds . i would not be without it . 
baby carrots chop mince beautifully in this , i 'd imagine celery , after you cut it into 1 or 2 inch pieces would chop mince perfectly as well . enjoy ! ! ! 
total bowls and lids is 6 ! ! 
absolutely all bowls have lids . i absolutely love this and use it every day 
one set 
the ninja pro stackable is fabulous , i would n't sweat the details just buy the damn thing and get to enjoying for christ sake . come on man . whatever 
yes it would . 
the length of the towel is 70 inches , the width is 35 inches . the wording needs better definition to be sure . be aware if you order more than one set the pattern and colors are generic and may not exactly match . that was my experience . i hope this answers you question . 
did not use it as i returned it do to the extremely poor quality ! 
i have had my towel for a short amount of time and it has n't fallen apart yet . 
we have one orange funnel in stock - buy fast ! ; ) 
it is actually my daughter 's funnel , although i ordered it . it sits quite nicely on its base . the top opening of the funnel is 9 cm wide and the bottom part sticks out about 3 4 of an inch . the base is 4 cm wide . 
once you place the order , you can send an email with your color choice . however , we can not guarantee your preference will be pulled on the order reaches the warehouse . 
yes 
yes , i have it on a twin bed bunk bed . i wanted it to be larger so my daughter could wrap up in it . 
no . the pillow cases & sheet set are sold separate . 
just the comforter you have to buy sheets separate . we didnt but the monster high sheets we got just plain pink and purple sheet sets as they are more comfortable the monster high sheets are scratchy . 
the colors were different , but they looked good together . 
just the comforter sheets are separate and we found it out after if u want sheets included get the one hat says comforter set 
german company made in thailand 
the height from table to lip of cup is 2.25 '' . 
i need to edit my response . i was replying to two questions on different products and got them confused . i 'm not sure where the konitz coffee bar was manufactured . i will say that it 's a very nice set . sorry for the confusion . 
since the smallest size provided in a standard keurig is 6 oz , i do n't think so . each of these cups holds 3 oz . 
it will hold a tad more than 3 oz , but the liquid will be right to the rim . ( i just filled it to the rim and dumped it in a measuring cup and was just shy of 4 oz . ) 
i just tried it and i 'd say no . 
2.67 inches ( 68 mm ) tall . 
it is quite big . i would say yes cause it can cover the top of my queen size bed . hope this helps . i do n't have a full size be to checkit out for you . 
there are some pillowcases on amazon but not sure if they are the same . 
just a blanket ... 
cj , the shower rod is all metal and is not plastic . it is a nicely made product and is a bright white . there is no plastic on this other than a little ring where the rod meets in the middle due to being shipped in two pieces . 
yes , it comes in 2 pieces 
the brackets screw into the wall and they provide drywall anchors and screws . no the brackets do not break easily as they are very thick and strong plastic . 
yes the length is adjustable . 
the shower rod should be fine at 51 inches . i believe that where it meets in the middleit is adjustable . the white shower rod has been up over a year and it is as nice as the day we installed it . it provides more elbow room in the shower and i am very happy with this . it looks great too ! 
no it is not a tension rod , it is a little adjustable , but it is fixed right around 60 inches . you may go a little longer or shorter by 3 inches , but it does not expand much beyond that 
yes it comes with mounting hardware . it has two end pieces of solid plastic with openings to accept the rod . yes , it will adjust to 58 '' wide . 
very good product 
hello , thanks for your question . one of the answers on a previous question stated the big one to be 14.97 '' in diameter . have a great day ! 
yes . i would estimate the lip under the lid protrudes about 1 2 into the base , keeping it in place during use . 
the tall one is 16 inches high . the small one that comes with it is 12 inches high . 
i use a full fitted sheet on this air mattress and it works perfect 
we have been but i just decided to get some of the `` t shirt knit '' queen size sheets . the top part of the mattress is very deep and i just thought the stretchiness of this style would `` stay put '' a little better & the little roomier size would just beneficial . the previous answerer is correct in the deep pockets work too , and the idea of tucking in the top sheet is great . by the way - love this air mattress ! we use it every time we travel to see our grandchildren ! ! ! 
yes absolutely . you plug it in , flip the on switch and then inflate it to the firmness of your choice . if it 's too firm , you can flip another switch and just let out a little air . this is a great air mattress . 
hi.. i am not using it as a primary bed , but a `` weekend bed '' when visiting family . i really like it for that purpose and it is easy to set up and take down . i have slept on it for 3-4 nights and it has stayed inflated . i am not sure you would like it for a primary bed as it really is just an air mattress . hope this helps . 
does make some noise but not like the coleman . i too have had coleman and this makes way less noise . 
yes ... same size as a regular double bed 
not used that often , but , usually only one time per night . 
yes , this mattress works perfect .on a full size fold out couch . 
no none at all after letting it set inflated for two ( 2 ) days 
we use ours for guests that visit our rv . it needs 120vac power to inflate . it does deflate very quickly . it is very comfortable . 
no , that 's why i returned it . there for hats that the brim is bent . we do n't bend are caps so i had to return 
as far as the manufacturers abilities , no . but you can always do a little altering as i did . 
it is made for a door 1 1 2 inches thick but the brackets are not real heavy and could be rebent to 1 3 4 with a vise . i am happy with mine all the hats fit good and do n't fall out . 
this set i bought was for a twin bed only ( smallest bed size ) . i think it would be too small to cover a double or full size bed . 
no it does not . it 's a great set though my daughter loves it . 
only 1 pillow case is included . it 's a nice thick comforter . my eight year old loves it ! 
yes it does . 
yep.it works . much better then plastic . 
yes 
it fits on this one we 're using . http : www.amazon.com gp product b003hc7tru ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 we use several different isi `` guns '' and it seems to fit on all of those . 
not really ... yes i do use this item with a mosa dispenser , but it occasionally wastes a charger and blasts all out of the sides and about freezes my hand . but with careful charger alignment and slow threading of this charger holder , it works `` great '' ! 
first there is a difference in the model numbers . all models come with the same size pan and same cooking features . the difference between the models is the accessories . the difference in price is like most things on amazon , the same item can come from different vendors . for example the one for 99 $ has a shipping charge of 50+ dollars where the one for 171 $ had no shipping charge . i love my unit , i own all the ninja products . it means less clutter , one product to do the job of many . just research all vendors and their pricing for your best deal . and do n't forget to check out amazon warehouse for those great prices on open box , refurbished or used items . 
not very much . the basic cookers are the same . the accessories and the warranty may , or may not , vary to some degree . 
dear richard , the condition would be new , but because we opened it to test the device , i considered it to be `` used : like new . '' it 's still in the original box , includes all original packaging . it has never been used outside of us testing it ; we only opened the box to verify the contents and to test the cooker . i hope this helps ; we look forward to getting your business soon ! 
i think it is a non stick teflon . it 's not a ceramic . it does clean up very easy . i do have to say , i just love this system . i use it more than my regular oven . with winter coming upon us soon , i will be using the crock pot part of it a lot too i am sure ! 
yes the temperature can be adjusted . 
i have n't bake those but my father has and he says it has came out wonderful ! he has cooked cookies also . : ) hope this helped 
yes , i have cooked rice in it . i believe the book it comes with gives you the rice water ratio . i love cooking risotto in it also . 
the ninja comes with a large recipe book witch has a 150 recipes.. 
you can make anything in it . 
the ninja 3-in-1 cooking system mc700 bakes , steams , and slow cooks . test results state water has reached a low boil . 
yes the filter holder and the destratification tube . 
no it does n't . the way this coffee maker difuses coffee you do n't want to take any coffee until the whole pot is brewed . 
yes , it has the stop drip function . however i have not used it . it does have an automatic shut off after 100 minutes . that function i have used . 
110. highly recommend , love it . 
yes , bought this last year and we have place at 8800 feet in co. got it & it works great . ended up taking home to tulsa and got a bonavita to leave in co.. but this is a beautiful machine & great , fast coffee . highly recommend . 
there are two models . one has glass the other a steel thermos . unfortunately i do n't know the model numbers but you can probably find them on line and then compair with the amazon listing . 
no , however it brews at the correct temperature and speed . for example , i start mine , and then toast an english muffin , by the time i have the muffin buttered , it is finished brewing . however , if i was doing it again i would get the thermal carafe . 
mine came with the glass carafe 
hi scott , they are transparent . i must tell you though these things are very flimsy and the seal between the outside and inside is poor . furthermore , there is no customer service as they are always sold through a 3rd party vendor . 
it measures 2 1 2 `` across the bottom and is the same size as a tervis 16 oz tumbler so i think it would ... i 've never put it in a cupholder . 
hi mary ! it looks like the vino2go tumblers are listed for $ 14.99 . to buy a case ( 24 ) , would be approximately $ 359.76 . please let us know if you have any questions . 
not sure about the made in the usa part . but from what i have researched i believe yes it is bpa free . 
it is a rigid glass and apparently the `` glue '' used to seal sections together gives way . my leakagenproblem was with the `` sippy '' lid .. wine dripping out from under the lid . 
you drink through the red lid , which has a sliding door opening like a coffee mug . 
no it is not i put one in the dishwasher and it broke the seal water got in between the cup and the seal . 
i gave this as a gift , but if i had to guess i would say 8 to 10 oz . it holds a full glass of wine . 
yes it does . i suspect you 'll get a better cappuccino if you use a frother . 
no it does not light up . 
yes 
yes 
not 100 % sure but i think it 's china . just like everything else always is ... 
i have only used it with 110v and i would bet that is the only voltage you can use without an inverter . 
ours did not . however this way you can get the flavored zinc strength they you want . 
this is probably due to the fact that coffee ( all coffee ) contains acrylamide . there 's a wikipedia article on acrylamide to get you started : http : en.wikipedia.org wiki acrylamide . bottom line , this probably is not specific to the nespresso product or nespresso coffee . 
i could find no voltage switch on my machine to change to a 220v service . it appears to only use 110 . 
there are a few differences ... none of them that big of a deal . the pot , all of its electrical components , fondue forks and the thin , contoured aluminum fork holder that rests on the inside of the pot are all exactly the same . the 3ss is basically a stripped down version of the cfo-1000 . if there are 3 or more eaters , or if you have children , the cfo-1000 is a better way to go because , 1. the pot is slightly more elevated off the table ( less chance of knocking over drinks and taller table items ) but is considerably more stable due to its quite broad poly plastic legs , which are securely attached to the bottom of the pot , 2. the cfo comes with the lazy susan and while it may look gimmicky , it is very functional and is a great place to put your meats , seafood , veggies , etc and it glides nicely on the stainless steel track ( i do n't recommend placing your dipping sauces in these trays as the sauces get pretty nasty and swirled up after about 4 dunks each , 3. cfo comes with a nice glass lid , which is safe so you can cover the hot liquids while not eating and is useful if you use the pot for deep-frying ... , which you certainly can do . bottom line : both the cfo-100 & the cfo-3ss are awesome fondue sets ! one simply is a bit better for 3 or more eaters or if kids are eating . enjoy ! ! ! 
no , extra serving cups are not available separately . i wish they were . they are better for sauces . i am going to as my husband to try to make something to attach more serving cups to make it more useful , as 8 of these would easily fit . with 8 , they could be used for items to be dipped ( fruit or veggie pieces for cheese or chocolate fondue ) , but they are smaller than what we would normally use , though not as small as on other lazy susan sets . i have now used them for both sauces ( a bit big for sauces ) , and for pears , mushrooms , and onions to dip in cheese fondue . they worked well for both , but would work better if there were more of them . 
since we use this lovely fondue pot only when we are entertaining at least two to four other people , it works great for us . for just the two of us , i use an older , much smaller pot to warm left over fondue ( if we ever have any ) . ; -0 
sally , it is not detachable from the base . however , the metal lazy susan ring is detachable . the base unit itself was still easy to clean . 
hello , i 'm sorry if i could not help you because it was a gift.. i really dont know . 
sao sorry , i do n't know . i bought 2 as gifts . what i do know is both recipients absolutely love this . very well made . 
im pretty sure it is teflon , but it doesnt get hot enough to burn or really cook anything . it just gets warm enough to melt cheeses and chocolates that are designed for fondue 
the settings on the thermometer go to 8. for cheeses and chocolates , the highest you will ever need is 4.5-5 maximum . 
not long at all i hooked mine up to extension cord 
you can not buy additional pots but the serving dishes are available on cuisinart.com . 
i gave to my son for christmas -- he loved them . 
great for smaller cuts of meat like tenderloin or pork roast . not recommended for large turkeys and large roasts 
the presentation box only holds the knives that come with the set . it will not hold additional knives . 
yes . this set just comes with the additional carving utensils . 
interesting question ... i assumed they were made in germany but i called wusthof and was told the stainless steel knives are made in china . all the others in germany . 
yes , i rate them higher than the others . they are maid with excellent quality . 
no ... .it is a great set , very sharp beautiful box . gave to my daughter and family ( who lived in germany ) and they love it . 
yes it does have the nano silver filter , works great . 
yes ! very efficient product . 
no , it is not . 
i have not seen any wetness or white powder . it 's internal filter does a great job removing the `` hardness '' of the water . 
china . where else ? 
the ionizer combined with the humidifier 's effects are noticeable in the way that it improves breathing , skin , health benefits especially if you use it when you feel under the weather , i had forgotten to turn mine one for a couple weeks and immediately felt the benefits after restarting it . i feel it also improves sleep and i feel more refreshed in the morning . scientifically there is no evidence based information on it , which is probably why there is no information listed.. 
the mist stops . 
it draws 750w at low setting and 1500w at high . it produces 5000+ btus . it is sufficient to heat a room 8 x 12 with a very high ceiling due to the airflow pattern . just do n't knock it over . 
this vornado tower space heater has a fan that can be used to move the warm air away from the heater ( out through the room ) . it is not more powerful than any other space heater , but the fan may help you feel warmer when you are not directly in front of the heater . 
i prefer vornado over all other brands . they are made in my hometown in ks ; the company 's been in business since at least the 50s . this unit is noisy on high ( it rattles ) , very disappointing , but i like the features and generally keep it on low which is quiet . i would heartily recommend the smaller vornado unit . about 12 inches tall and whisper quiet . i use it in my large br to supplement my furnace . i 'm not finding a model number , but could be 3157428. type srth 120vac-900w-60hz . i use on the floor or set on a table . i expect the output is higher for the ath1 tower . it 's much smaller than other towers available and i liked that feature . i would n't buy it again , i 'd buy one or two of the smaller heaters like i also have . good luck ! 
no 
no . 
my home is old , too . i did not have a grounded outlet available in the room where i used it , so i plugged it into a regular outlet and it worked fine . i honestly do n't remember if it said that it `` needed '' a grounded outlet . i do n't think i even got an instruction booklet with it , which i remember thinking was odd . you could probably find some specifications for this unit on the vornado website , however , if you have safety concerns . good luck ! 
i have not had a problem with mine . 
yes 
22 inches tall 
yes , i believe the information that came with the set stated that the lids were ovenproof up to 350 degrees and the pots themselves up to 500 dgrees , but you might want to double check that information with the manufacturer . 
no it is not teflon . they are an excellent set of cookware . i am very happy with them . 
no , you can not . it will scratch and ruin them . 
yes electric and gas safe even works good in oven 
its a joke jacquelyn ! ! i had one of my pieces start to peel so i emailed the company . after waiting 3 days for them to return my email , they told me that in order for them to replace my warped pieces , i would have to pay them like $ 7 per item just to be examined and determine if it was used on high or not before they would even consider replacing it . then , you have to pay the s & h both ways too . i said forget it and i am going to use my piece till i cant anymore then find another brand . they should stand behind their products and do the replacement of damaged items for free ! ! i have babied my items ! ! ! i am so frustrated especially since i spent countless hours researching and reading reviews trying to find the best deal on cookware that i hoped would last a lifetime but it is clearly disappointing me ! i loved mine before my frying pan started to peel ! ! ! 
i do n't believe there is a spaghetti strainer in this set . i gave the set to my daughter in law for christmas last year , and i do n't recall that the strainer was included . she loves the pots and pans though ! ! ! ! great buy ! 
no , the pots are the same color top and bottom . 
yes they are tempered glass 
sorry , do n't have an answer to that question , but i love the set i have ... thinking it 's probably the classic . 
my gas range has cast-iron grates and it does n't slide easy at all , contrary to my old stainless steel pots and pans that slide freely across the grates and need to grab the handle for stirring , the back of the pan has a slightly rough surface that helps increase the friction . i have n't stirred a lot in the pan 's but at least the pots do n't slide at all while stirring for a while . 
the strainer works well for cooked ground . we make tacos a couple times a month and drain the beef before adding the taco spices . however i would n't pour searing hot beef into the drainer . let it cool a couple minutes before draining . 
there is a 1 4 '' ring around the bottom of the bowl lifting it above the counter slightly . the colander portion has a similar ring . 
dims are approximately 10 '' wide x 7 inches deep . insert is a tad smaller so it nests inside it . great to fit a head of lettuce any size in it . probably wo n't fit a huge head of cabbage , but will fit a regular sized cabagge . 
no . the deformation temperature of polypropylene is under boiling water . even at deformation point no harmful chemicals are released . 
the cage and fan blades are metal . the motor is housed in abs plastic . 
the loudness is about a 2 , someone about 10ft away probably would only hear a slight humming sound . i just asked my coworker that works about 15ft away and he says that with the ac and other noise going on in the office , he ca n't hear it at all ( fyi , our office is really quiet . ) and the sound that it makes is not obnoxious at all . its definitely just the sound of a little tiny motor humming and would n't distract me from work even without my headphones on . hope this helps . good luck on your wedding and congratulations on getting married . = ) 
it has a standard usb connection . you should be able to plug it into any usb adapter . 
my fan is at work but i would say it 's about 3 feet give or take a couple inches . 
no , just a usb plug in . 
in the process of commpleting your order , there is an option to add comments to your order for the vendor . did you try requesting your desired color ? i would be curious to know if it would make a difference . i have had my comments ignored before , but there is always a chance ! the comment option has also helped me avoid ordering a similar but incorrect product in the past . the vendor actually called me to verify and avoided a bad order for us both . : ) ( there is an htc desire and a desire s cell phone , but they do n't use that same cover ) 
made in china - designed in u.s.a 
just one but you dont know what color you will get , its a random pick . also these are usb ends only , you have to buy an adaptor to plug in a wall outlet or plug it into a computer to power it . they work good , but a little loud ... 
hi , we provide at the moment delivery of the painting , framed and ready to hang , no additional cost . 
yes they are of the mentioned size , but not framed.. they just wrapped it in a small tube and mailed it to us . 
this painting is being offered by few sellers , we are not sure how other sellers offering the option , but we are offering this painting with ready to hang and pre-framed as the default option . 
yes , and i love it . i had many compliments on it . i love it 
no . they send it on tubes for you to pay for stretching and framing . that is the expensive part . 
hi , it is 70 usd extra for framed painting . best regards , linnshop 
seems like laminated synthetic leather , not 100 % positive as it is not specified on the tag under the seat . the leather has a soft feel to it , if that help answer your question . the core is polyurethane molded foam . 
depends on how old they are , the saddle is wide . the height is adjustable , so i would say 9 or older . 
measuring from the top of the front ( the highest point of the seat ) the range is approximately 21.5 to 28.5 inches tall . 
the casters do not lock 
yes , i am 5'2 '' and it works well . 
our direct manufacturer is based overseas in china . 
hi tracey , thank you for your inquiry , we can ship this stool to hawaii by fedex , and there will be additional shipping cost which is $ 104.86 , please contact us if you would like to order it , thanks . leo 
no tilt feature but a very comfortable chair 
hi mauricio , thanks for your inquiry , unfortunately we do n't ship to brazil , thanks . leo 
it 's 10 1 2 '' by 14 1 2 '' . it 's a great entertaining piece , but i strongly suggest buying directly from the manufacturer , true fabrications , not amazon , to ensure that it arrives in one piece . 
it has a clear rubber circle on the bottom in each corner that keeps it from moving 
yes 
hi annette , the one we received was broken . i have n't read the other reviews so i ca n't verify how common of an occurrence it is . i hope that helps . best , brett 
you can . but , i would n't try cutting anything extreamly firm because you may chip it . 
it came broke in a million pieces ! 
augusto . if you are not going to use these chairs very often , then they are good for the price . but one of my chairs just broke and the others squeak and sound like they will be breaking anytime . do n't buy these if they are for normal use 
padded wood 
they are black , or a very very dark espresso . 
mine are black -- so regrettably , i can be of no assistance to you . 
i 'm not certain , although the chairs came stacked . they were packed well , compact . 
i bought these chairs in october last year , so far they are holding up pretty well . actually , i bought another set for another decoration project . 
i wipe mine down with a wet rag like i would the kitchen table . it does n't seem to affect the chairs at all . 
i purchased 6 of these chairs , but have not used slip covers with them . i was looking for leather -look white parsons chairs . they are great , very sturdy and stylish . hope this helps . 
i bought these chairs in red not in white . 
they are not heavy chairs , but very sturdy and stable . i ordered 6 for a round glass table in my breakfast area , and it is a very chic look . 
very good . i recommend lock tight on the bolts when put together . they seem to come loose pretty easy 
dark dark chocolate almost black . looks like pine . i 've had them for over a year and they are great chairs . stood up to 6 children . i love them and could not recommend them highly enough . they look wonderful , they are comfy , easy to clean , and so far durable . 
yes 
dark brown , these are good chairs for the price . 
any hardware store should care a similar plastic piece that has a nail in it ... it is kind of like an oversize tack . you should be able to get a whole pack for a pretty cheap . hope that helps . : ) or call the company and see if they can send you one . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item that you are inquiry for is c020 which only has one size available . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
i am not sure but we are over 260 lbs and they held up pretty good . 
the chairs are brand new . not sure about the warranty . ours have held up pretty good . we do have to tighten the legs up every once in a while . but they are a great buy and look really good . 
yes , black 
i 'd say between soft & medium . now that i 've had them awhile , they do tend to flatten out where your head is . good snuggle pillow , but not as supportive as i had hoped . 
we only list these in pairs , but you may buy them , and email customer service to ship only one pillow and they will refund you for the second . 
made in china by royal hotel collection 
i purchased a zip up cover for mine and then used a regular pillow case over it . when i washed both covers ... the zip up did have some small feathers i had to shake out . if your question is were feathers all over the bed ... nope . i recommend purchasing the zip up cover , tho 
are you inquiring about a feather pillow or a down filled pillow ? i secured new down pillows in oct. that i absolutely love . i am hoping the 500 threadcount ( tc ) fabric retains the fluff better than the 300 tc that i bought 5 yrs . ago . i can not tell you for certain but so far it is great . 
yes , we should have them back in stock in about two weeks . please contact us directly to receive updates on stock . 
we should have them back in stock in 2 weeks . please contact us directly and we can notify you when we should receive them . 
ca n't quite remember now , but i have been buying these type of pillows for a long time . they always say `` goose down '' and both words are important as `` down '' possibly could be used with synthetic material and sometimes goose feathers are used , no good because there are quills . 
yes , we should have them back in stock very soon . its just a matter of days . please email for updates 
no . 
new model does get hot . in previous models , the heating element was attached to the bottom of the reservoir . the bottom could get hot , and the rubber seals would fail over time . in this newer model , the heating element is suspended from the top , eliminating the leak issues , but it does get hot . we keep ours on a trivet just to be safe . do that , and you 've got a pretty good warm humidifier . 
no , it 's real easy to clean , there 's a tray on the bottom that lifts out it catches all the sediment from the water.. ( bacteria ) the tray is dishwasher safe . all you need to do is get some type of algae and odor treatment , and use it in the water regularly to control build up 
no filter needed , i 'm telling you i am thrilled with this warm mister it 's so easy to clean . 
no 
we would recommend regularly cleaning the humidifier with vinegar or using distilled water in the unit . 
mine leaked all over my dresser , warping it and ruining it , i scaled my hand in the process . i was in a battle with holmes for almost a year , after they `` tested '' it they said they would not replace my dresser . i owned 2 , and within 2-3 months , both broke and ruined my carpet . return it before you go through what i went through with both of mine . you void the warranty if you put it on wood , metal , carpet , dresser , floor ... etc ... its insane . if you go back through the reviews , you can find my story about their horrible customer service and how long it took me to just get reimbursed for mine . 
not sure about buying the tank ... but you could buy an identical humidifier and use its tank with your current base . then whenever the current base fails to heat you could use that tank with the new base ... just a thought ... 
the models are exactly the same . holmes and sunbeam are sister company 's . 
yes 
yes 
sorry we have had power outages today . it is a little under 10.5 inches tall . i love these . i am glad i got them . i lay mine down in my top cupboards but that is ok for me . 
the base is plastic as is the whole canister . canisters are bpa free and made in the usa . these are great canisters . 
two 21 cup containers , one 10 cup container , and two 5 cup containers . 
the top of the tall containers are wider than the bottoms . but , all containers in this set use the same size lids which measure 4 1 2 x 9 1 2 . 
yes they are . all of the containers have the same length and width , only the height varies . 
two of the plastic legs broke the first time i used it , so i had minimal experience with it . i do n't recommend this product . 
no 
it looks the same but i 'm not sure . this one is not as sturdy as i 'd hoped . 
yeah , slices very thin . we sliced potatoes to around a 1 16 '' slices and fried them . worked great i thought 
i do n't know if amazon ships to nz but you can always check ebay . i carry them from time to time . http : www.ebay.com usr nanassecretstash 
it was not too big as o think there were 2 or 3 boxes that made it easy for one person to handle . the bed was very easy to put together too . 
you are correct . my daughter has this bed and it does not require a box spring . we love it ! ! very easy to assemble . 
it was a regular full size mattress . 
the product dimension is 78 x 55 x 86 inches ; 95 pounds . thanks , stores123 
i am pretty sure with the nb kit all your equipment needs will be covered , maybe even better than the bbs kit .. this chocolate maple porter was one of the favorite kits i brewed before moving on to 5 gallon all grain recipes and i am planning on brewing a big batch this fall - just make sure it is fresh , old ingredients do n't make good beer - and make sure the yeast is still viable , maybe make a small starter before you start brewing and if it is n't alive get some new style-compatible yeast from your local homebrew store ( or amazon ) . 
you could , but it would be cheaper to buy the ingredients separately for a 5 gallon batch . 5 kits will run $ 125 , whereas buying ingredients for a 5 gallon batch will run you about $ 30 . you can find this recipe online most likely . 
no . it does not include the maple syrup . you will also need the pots pans , strainer , thermometer , and sanitizing solution for all materials used . it also does not include the recipe , but that can easily be found online in a pdf format . 
no . the flavor leans to chocolate , coffee and sweeter tones . probably the ipa kit will be closer to what you want . 
yes , it is suposed to come with one packet of hops and one packet of yeast . you may want to contact the seller . 
yes it will work fine with any brewing kit for up to 2.25 gallons.i would not buy a 1 gallon carboy on line from anyone . go buy a gallon of wine in a glass bottle , buy a stopper and an airlock and it will be cheaper.brooklyn brew shop kits are very expensive and are not all ways complete and ready to brew.i will not purchase anymore . 
you have to do the brewing ( essentially cooking and straining ) but it contains all the necessary ingredients to brew up a batch of beer . if you are looking for the equipment as well buy the : brooklyn brew shop beer making kit , chocolate maple porter which includes all the non-standard kitchen equipment that you will need to brew up a batch . 
dark , more like grey 
yes , they are plenty wide enough ! 
they are very soft cotton sheets . 
i think that the mattress in the rental house where we used the sheets was a pillow top and they fit just fine ! 
less than 2lbs for the entire set . 
it is real cotton ( sateen means shiny-cotton ) . but to be honest - you get what you pay for . i think it is worth $ 8.99 , but just so you know - the fabric is extremely thin ( nothing like you see in the picture ) such that if you hold it against the light you 'd be able to see right through . i personally would not buy this again . 
it 's very large ! almost a bit too large . 
i have a full bed box spring and mattress with a down feather mattress on top that 's why i bought queen sheet . sheets never come off 
yes , but you pay much in shipping and quality is not what i expected 
i do n't know ..the sheets are awful ... cheap ... do not bye . 
i am not sure since i only ordered one set of these sheets . 
hello , thanks for posting . if you 'd like to purchase this item , you 'll need to contact the seller directly to specify the size you would like to order , and you 'll need to place your order on line . you can contact the seller , crystal trading inc , by clicking on `` contact the seller '' in the bottom right corner of their storefront page : 
i would love to help u with that but they sent me a duvet instead of the sheets so i do n't know . i did n't return it because it was just to much trouble at that time . i hope u have better luck ! shirley 
standard size pillow cases . 
no they are always smooth and soft . after a few washings , mine have ripped . i found other micofiber sheets that seem better . i think that is what these sheets are , though not advertised as such . the shipping charges cost more than the sheets ! 
hello , the size corresponding to international regulation . regards 
yes , all of that . the cotton is so soft , really a wonderful set of sheets with 2 pillow cases . i was just surprised that the shipping was more than the set of sheets , but all things considered , still a good value for the money spent . 
hello , thanks for your question . when purchasing from a seller , shipping is unfortunately , not combined . according to this seller 's storefront page , rates are based on shipping a single item . purchasing multiple items results in multiple shipping charges which means there are no `` per shipment '' and `` per item '' charges , as there are when you buy directly from amazon.com . i hope this helps ! 
price was right fits good 
no..but the sheets and pillowcases are extra large..and the sheets are so soft 
no 
it 's a term to describe the weave . it 's not satin fabric , it 's cotton . 
yes . 
yes they 're a nice & light fabric . almost silky but cotton material . really comfortable sheets at such a great price ! i ordered 2 sets ! 
it 's been very durable for me , they are great and soft like silky cool soft . i love them and so does my son , we are both hot sleepers so they are great 
yes , it is . 
it a tight weave that is smooth and kind of silky . 
the exact size 60 '' x80 '' , fits nice too . 
these sheets are extremely thin and `` feel like '' microfiber . they may be cotton , but certainly does n't feel like what i know to be cotton sheets . 
microfiber 
yes 
yes 
because they are polyester microfiber , not cotton as advertised and are made outside the u.s . 
i would say yes , satin - type feeling ... smooth . 
i bought for my grandson this summer and we live in fl and they live in tn . sorry i do n't know . nice sheets though 
they are very soft sheets . great quality for the price . they are used in a child 's bed . 
hi it comes with a flat sheet , fitted sheet , and 2 pillowcases for the full size , and 1 pillowcase for the twin size . thank you joe 
yes , the infuser actually screws into the lid so you can use it without the infuser . 
1. infusion time depends on fruits and how thin they are chopped . typically 24 hours is enough if the cold water is used . because different components of fruit diffuse ( infuse the water ) at different speed , the longer infusion time provides the richer taste . you can accelerate the infusion by the slicing of fruits ( the chopping fruits on small pieces will result in more floating small pieces and often clogging of pouring filter ) . 2. after the 20 -24 hrs of infusion , there are not much `` flavor '' ingredient left in fruits . so answer is `` only once . '' 3. i never kept the infused water more then 2 days ( usually it 's gone in half-day in the summer time ) . if just filtered ( not boiled ) cold water was used , i would not recommend to store it more than 2-3 days . with dried fruits ( cranberries , cherries etc . ) and boiled hot water - probably up to week . drink is not going bad but the taste changes . my solution - always use the infuser ( plastic part with slots ) and remove fruits ( take it out together with the cap , unscrew and dispose fruits ) after taste is established . also - i would not recommend to brew ice tea from small loose tea leaves this infuser : the glass may take any temperature but infuser itself is not a mesh but a slotted plastic tube - you 'll have a lot of floating tea leaves and the pouring filter will be clogged . of course , it 's not related to tea bags . pg tips in pyramids are the best for this purpose . 
i do n't see why not although you would have to use tea bags . loose tea would get through the strainer insert since the holes are not that fine . 
about a quart . 
i think so ... i handbags everything . 
10.5 '' with lid on . 
it 's 12 inches in circumference . if you add the handle in , it 's 16 inches in circumference . and it is 4 1 2 inches diameter . 
a wise woman ! it 's glass , that i know . i do n't think it was made in china . i 'll have to research that , though . i 'm happy with this product . 
i do n't recall seeing a warranty but there might be one . check out their website at www.miraclefold.com . however , after going back and reading the reviews some people complained that the folder broke along the seam . to make sure this does not happen to me i reinforced all my seams . on the inside and outside of the folder i lined each folding seam with a neat strip of ( white ) duct tape . it will make each seam extra sturdy and in no way hinders the folding process . i think it will last for many , many years . 
if you use a `` command '' strip by 3m then it comes off easily 
yes . google some you tube videos , and you will see how it works . 
9 1 2 to 3 4 inches . but that also depends on how thick . sweatshirts will poof out a bit . 
hi ! i am selling the sky blue color but not with prime . i think whoever originally created the listing inserted the wrong stock picture . 
when finished folding the items are roughly 8 1 2 x 11 inches . we fold our towels in half prior to placing on the board and i would think to fold jeans ( depending on the length ) would be folded in half and placed sideways on the board before folding . there are instructions on how to fold shirts and towels included with the board and there are several examples on youtube . it 's also fun to experiment folding styles to fit the spaces where the folded articles will be stored . 
i had a small crack appear in the bottom folding portion . i placed some super glue on it and let it dry ( very well ) and have had no problems . 
yes 
unfortunately the hinge areas are stamped plastic -- not actual articulated plastic hinges per se . i 'm afraid that 's likely an indication long-term usage is n't an option with this particular one , either . 
i wish ! i am challenged when it comes to folding fitted sheets ! unfortunately this nifty tool is not really designed for that . 
well , it 's 9 '' x 23.5 '' , so 9 '' at its widest ( top of shirt ) , and 23.5 divided by 2 , 11.75 long , given hinges , i 'd say 8 by a little over 11 '' . ca n't be more specific , but as i 'm about to order and had the same question and had already done the math , i thought i 'd share . when i get it , if answer is different , i will amend this answer . 
i have had the flip & fold for about eight years now . i fold everything with it except beach towels . on my regular towels i fold them in half and lay them on the board and they fold evenly . on my husbands pants when he travels i lay the pants across the board fold over the leg to the middle then flip and fold the rest.i can pack a week of business clothes and underwear tee-shirts in a carry on using the flip & fold . bought one for my son for college and he actually use it because of limited space . our neighbor had a couple of junior ones because she has three small children and the kids like to fold also . i think it is one of the best products on the market and mine has not worn out after all this time . 
hmm . i 've not encountered this -- but i 've only had it a short while . upon inspection , however , i can see how this could be possible after a great deal of use . : - 
i just repaired the crack with a piece of wide duct tape on each side . works just as well as before . 
i used super glue and let it sit for a couple of days . we ended up buying another one because they only last so long 
hi cheryl , the regular miraclefold will work just fine if you follow the instructions . you can thank us later . 
i have n't had my miraclefold very long but i have tried the sheets and towels on it they came out so much smoother and nicer . the point of using the miraclefold is that all your things will stack neatly and take up less space . i love how my linen closet looks with the sheets so neatly stacked . 
i do not know if there is a difference between the 2 colors however i have the orange one and i love it ! ! and if i ever did something to damage it i would purchase it again . 
i did not see a warranty in the box , bit i do not know for sure 
yes ... you just ensure the collar is folded as you want it . it folds clothes that look a true miracle ! 
it hides the smoke and smell.when you smoke , before you exhale , put your mouth on the small hole and exhale . you ca n't see the smoke come out the other end and it wo n't smell like anything . make sure the caps are off both ends though . 
i 'm not familiar with the power hitter . this is just a filter . it 's like what kids used in the dorms . it is similar to a paper towel roll with dryer sheets stuffed inside . no smoke , or smell comes out the end of these though . i recommend the full size over the small , but he large does n't fit in your pocket . 
you can use a pinch hitter , or a pipe with a cap on the bowl . cap the lit substance with a lighter just before you finish your hit and it 's possible to completely prevent odor . 
no 
they do they same thing but the bigger one will last much longer . 
long enough to party a few times . though if i had to put a number i 'd say between 2 and 300 
its basically a filter . when smoking you exhale thru the smoke buddy and it filters the air making the exhale virtually clean . cant see or smell smoke exhaled thru the smoke buddy . it works suprisenly well in my opinion . 
yes . that is why i bought it in the first place ! and it worked ! 
2 lids are in the set . very handy for heating small bowls or cups in the microwave . i love these . 
it sure does if the top of the glass is smooth . no problem . i just did it a night or so ago as i had poured too much . 
the lids have a rubbery feel to them . it 's a synthetic material that is used in a variety of ways including bake ware . hope this helps . 
it certainly does ... i love all the sizes ... want them all ! ! 
keep casseroles fresh and warm with this handy charles viancin 10 '' x 13 '' rectangular banana leaf lid . inspired by nature , this durable food-grade silicone universal lid will create a tight seal on any smooth rim , including stainless steel , glass , plastic or melamine . its unique design helps prevent spills by creating an airtight seal , making it ideal for cooking , reheating , storing , and keeping dishes hot or cold . lid measures 9 '' x 13 '' . heat safe to 450 f. cold safe to -40 '' f. oven , microwave and dishwasher safe . 
nothing wrong with cutting them . but you could always buy the correct size lids . 
they are food grade silicone . 
we use hot soapy water and clean them in the sink . 
if the sides of the bath are flat on the top , it will work . in other words , not fluted or curvy on the top , or higher on the ends . it needs to make contact with the edges of the bath all the way around . 
i have n't had a problem with staining but have n't used it to store or cook anything with tomato in it . it washed great in the dishwasher ! 
i have two of these one is also 12 x 16 & the other is 11 x 11. so not sure there is one that size i would just let it overlap . 
according to their website and their literature and packaging , they are bpa free . 
the 10-1 2 x 10-1 2 sort of square one . 
there is no guard for the blade , just dial it down to a level position . i 've had no problem , no cuts . i store it on it 's side in an upper cabinet so there 's no chance the kids will grab it . i think it 's a great tool for the kitchen and i still recommend it . 
it took the entire tip of my thumb off , so a lemon should be easy peasy lemon squeezy : ) 
no it does not , however it has two different settings for frech fries -- - regular and thin ( skinny ) ! 
this product broke the first time i used it ... so i would n't be worried about replacement blades . 
yes my husband uses this to cut all types of veggies . 
no , but it is easy to clean and sharp so be careful . i popped mine into the dishwasher and it cleaned up very well . 
i found it easier to hand cut than use it . definitely not fries but it handles cheese well . 
maybe in the shape of chips but not typical french fry cut 
no 
you can adjust the thickness , love this mandolin it has saved me a lot of time and fingers . 
my classic plus was 275 watts . 
the model number is ksm 75 er 
if you go to kitchenaid you can see the attachments . prattle , whisk , dough hook . kitchenaid has the pouring lid with there 's , for 20.00 dollars more i think it 's well worth it 
the model number is ksm 75 er 
i use my kitchen-aid for mashed potatoes all the time . they come out excellent ! 
yes the bowl shown is the bowl that comes with it 
nope 
1 year limeted 
no ! i received cloth with a 5 year olds painting on it . i spent more money to ship it back than to buy it . 
heck no ! ! ! they are super small ! ! ! i returned mine the day after i got them . 
its ready to hang but its fairly small 
hi , yes , trackingnr . can be provided if the package is sent from us . best regards , mode.beauties 
yes it is framed with wood on the back of the artwork . 
i put hangers on the back of them and hung them . 
no . i threw it away . so upset with myself for wasting the money without reading reviews . 
22 wide,12d,64height 
champagne yes , magnums no . 
the main shelf and top shelf are about 19 '' apart and the distance between the main shelf and iron that the glasses hang from is about 18 '' . 
it 's just the right size for a small wall like a small and tall rack 
has metal lip as shown , will not hold book open , only holds book closed 8 inches or less in width 
minimum dimension is 25 1 2 inches . btw i love mine ! 
i do not think so . i have claw foot tub which is around 38 inches across . the product does not have another 10 inches to expand . sorry 
yes , it fits . i have the k45 elite . you just need to pop out the black kcup holder first . 
not to my knowledge . it 's too large . there are small red reusable k-cups keurig offers that fit . however , i have to take the top seal from a used k-cup , with the code , and place it on top in order for my k560 2.0 to recognize it . maybe they 'll come out with one that is actually designed for the machine . hopefully soon . 
yes ! 
yes , you need to remove original k-cup holder , open the lid then place one hand over top of k-cup area for support as you push up on center of original holder from bottom , should pop up and out . original holder snaps in place but the reusable just drops in . hope this helps . gene 
yes it will fit because , we have k10 in or house in phx and k45 in la . i agree to the first answer that all k brewer cups is universal , it fits our different models that we have . 
i believe it fits any k cup keirig . 
i 'm pretty sure it will . it 's a standard fit for the larger brewers . 
from the instructions , no , you put the coffee grounds right into the grey mesh filter . put the grey mesh filter into the white holder . you can buy paper filters to replace the grey mesh , and i believe there are ones that you insert into the grey mesh filter for easier cleaning , but it is not required . from what i 've read you can also use a paper filter to help slow the brew process , and allow more water grinds contact time , to allow for a stronger cup of coffee . but it is not required , nor does it appear to be recommended . 
mine did . 
amazon describes this product as compatible with the b30 , b40 , b50 , b60 & b70 series . i have a k45 , and when i asked keurig customer support the agent explained that a k45 is equivalent to the current designation b45 . so presumably your k79 corresponds to the current b79 , with which this filter set can be used . 
sage green 
sorry , not a clue . not the softest fabric in the bin but good quality . i 'm very pleased with it . generous sizing ( i have queen bed and some queen comforters do n't have enough overhang to cover the mattress ) . 
i would say the color is taupe . 
the kitty fits in the palm of ur hand ; ) just enough to fit on a cupcake 
it needs 15-25 working days to arrive . 
yes , it does give the impression . the detail will depend on the make-up of your dough . 
hello , your order will be send after the weekend , and it generally takes about 7 to 15 days from china to australia . holiday season will maybe longer than this . regards , seller : allforhome 
depends on what time you order and who you order from . my order took like a week , because it was coming from china . hope this helps you . 
the one that is just a face is about 5 or 6 cm or 2.4 '' , and the one thas is the entire body is aroun 7 cm or 2.8 '' 
usually it will takes about 10-15 business days to unites states 
they are about 2 inches across 
yes , the pieces separate.they 're roughly 2 x 2 1 4 '' and slightly less than 1 '' depth . i have n't used them yet so i 'm not sure how the impression comes out after baking or even for fondant use . hope this help . 
got these for my wife ( bento-logy.blogspot.com ) they are smaller than i thought . probably 2 1 2 '' tall and 1 1 2 '' wide . 
a pizza stone or cast iron pan if available . i own a pizza restaurant , and we make our own dough - preheat the pan in the oven , and your dough should cook great ! 
i use it for commercial use at events not for everyday but from what i understand it can be used daily without any problems . it cooks fresh pizzas a little hotter so lower the temp & add a couple of minutes to get a pizza not burnt on the top . 
yes , papa murphy pizza is made fresh . i usually cook family size for 6 minutes , rotate it , and cook another 6 minutes at about 425 f . 
i put a pizza stone on the rack . it works well for many things . if you are cooking item after item the stone holds the heat and provides a smooth surface . 
depend on thickness . normal pizza at 450 .15 mine 
one is temperature setting the other is a minute timer . 
you can keep it on continuously 
this is an industrial sized pizza oven . it heats up quickly and will cook fresh pizza as well as frozen . i love mine and highly recommend it . please be aware that it is quite large . 
probably about 15 - 20 min . 
perfect for either ! our bar uses both - frozen larger ( 12 '' -16 '' ) and fresh smaller ( to 12 '' ) 
mine fit a wide mouth ball jar , but it did n't seal so spilled liquids when tipped up . it is n't useable . 
from outside to outside , the diameter is exactly 3.5 inches . however , i do not recommend this product - it leaks - unless it 's screwed on exactly right - which for me , is about 25 % of the time ( at a guess ) . maybe it 's me , or maybe there 's a trick to it , but i no longer use my caps for this reason . also , the cap thing on top falls into the flow of the beverage , so that has to be held open , which is awkward because you 're also holding the jar . the caps are a great idea and i hope they fix these problems but until then - do n't waste your money . 
the top seals tight ( and it can be a little hard to remove ) , but the cap is n't great for pouring ; it has the dribble problem . i use it as a top for a salad dressing , and you have to be careful when you shake it ( you have to hold your thumb on it , otherwise you 'll be covered in salad dressing ) . 
i have not used mine for honey - but i suppose that it would work well , as long as the honey is in liquid form and not on the `` solid-side . '' personally , i would simply buy another honey bear with honey , and when empty , continue to re-use that ... ... ... but this cap would work for honey . 
i drink from it often and never noticed awkwardness . i turn the lid so it flips to the side , so gravity kind of takes care of it . plus , my finger can go right there , if needed . this way , smoothie does n't drip on my nose , either : ) 
it fits a wide mouth mason or ball jar . but i threw it in the recycle trash this week because it is truly non functional . 
it says pp # 5 ... ... .. 
any size mason jar with a wide-mouth . 
i drive a vw bug & it does n't fit in my cup holders . 
yes , all regular wide mouth mason jar lids fit this jar . 
yes ! ! sorry , i was looking at the wrong image . there 's plenty to spare for a boba sized straw , could maybe squeeze two in . 
the jar has both measurements - ounces and milliliters . 
as far as glass goes it 's pretty durable . : ) it has n't been an issue for me . but i think you can get some kind of silicon holder for it that would help . by the way the lid fits on other mason jars - i use it on a large mason jar , too ! it 's a great purchase . 
yes it is . it is dishwasher safe , made in usa and bpa free . if you go to this website it will tell you the same : http : masonjars.com products venti-wide-mouth-mason-jar-recap-pour-cap-silver.html 
why not ? it 's glass and plastic ! i use mine all of the time so i ca n't afford to wait for it in the dishwasher . : ) soap and sponge works just fine . i drink a daily green juice with it so i usually like to wash it right away so as to avoid a dried film of veggies on the inside . i love my venti . 
it 's a ball mason jar . it holds up to 20oz 
they are made in the usa 
i drink hot coffee out of the jar every day . however , this top did n't really do it for me . it 's plastic and occasionally leaks . i prefer the cuppow lid that screws on with a mason ring . 
the wood is cherry ( it matches the cherry bedroom set we already had ) and the drawers are full extention.we bought one , as we had one from our set . it was better quality and the drawer on our old one did n't pull out fully . my husband loved this one so much more , we bought a second one . ( we put the `` old one '' elsewhere in the house ) hope this helps . also , ca n't beat the price ! 
minimal assembly with included allen wrench i believe . it took me all of 10-15 minutes by myself . super quick , very durable and attractive ! 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details the dimensions are 26 '' x 16 '' x 28 '' h. i hope this helps ! 
i bought this entertainment center & i love it , it 's so pretty , the pictures do n't do it justice . the t.v mount is part of the entertainment center , you attach it after you assemble the center itself . i 'm not sure about weight , but i know this entertainment center will hold up to a 40 '' t.v . 
it does not ! that was one of my initial concerns as well . it is perfectly stable just the way it is . i love it ! ! 
the dimensions of the space where the tv fits are 41.5 inches across and 32 inches down . i 'm pretty sure a 47 will be too big . 
it 's 28 inches from the floor to the very bottom of my 42 '' tv 
no . 42 '' is the max . 
i do n't see why that would be a problem . go for it ! 
42 inch only . believe me . i know . 
pressboard . i would not purchase for my main living area if i had kids . that being said it is a nice looking piece that i use for my basement set up 
please directly contact sunstea 
screw off the top . pull out the strainer . put in one to two pinches of loose tea . replace the strainer . pour in boiling hit water . steep for a few minutes with the cap back on . then shake a but as the tea leaves tend to settle . then sip careful as the tea can be quite hot . when finished with the tea , remove the strainer and spent tea leaves as leftover tea can stain . 
my son uses this all the time brewing hot tea . yes it take hot water 
no ! 
no 
yes ! i boil water in it in the microwave ! the double wall glass keeps liguid hot ! 
i tumbler with three components . 
i have not tried to put the double glass base into the microwave . i boil water using the microwave or use the hot water cooler at my job . if you do try it , remember to take out the metal strainer . 
the circumference is approximately 4 inches . strainer is removable so you can clean it properly . 
solid 
i do and have not had problems . i have broken one by hitting it on the granite countertop . 
7-1 8 '' tall , x 3-3 16 '' outside diameter . nice large size for cold drinks or large hot coffees . use mine regularly : ) . 
they are not fragile . i 've broken only one out of a dozen . 4 ft drop to concrete . easily as sturdy as any glass of like size . slightly heavier in my opinion . hold the cold like crazy . 
definitely glass . 
20 liquid ounces fills the glass to the very top , which is not how one would normally fill it to drink out of it . the level shown in the picture looks more like 16 liquid ounces , which is about what i use . that amount is about an inch or so from the top rim of the glass . 
not if it 's being poured over ( i do it all the time ) ice . i would n't serve hot beverages in them , and i would n't put it in the dishwasher , or microwave . and do n't drop ice down in it hard . it 's a super glass ! well worth what they 're asking for them . hope this helped . 
i use them daily and never worry about the temperature of the glass before i pour boiling water in it . i am very careful though when i wash my wine glasses because i know if the water is a bit too hot they will crack . i ca n't say that if you have them in the freezer before filling them with boiling water , that they wo n't crack , but under normal room temperature ranges or even slightly below , i would feel very comfortable . they are extremely sturdy . 
i 've been using these glasses for nearly a year . no condensation ever ! have n't tried the plastic versions so i have no comment about that . 
i 'm really not sure . i put mine in the dish washer so i know that the glass can withstand heat . as far as freezing goes , i would contact the manufacturer directly . 
these glasses have no rim , they are the same outside width from bottom to top . 
hi fay , i checked my mixer and this is what i found . 0.6a , 120v ac , 60hz . if this does n't help here is the phone number for kitchenaid in the usa 1-800-541-8390. hope i was of some help ... jean 
no it comes only with the thin wire beaters which i was not expecting . they are n't strong enough to beat cookie dough . 
this mixer has 5 speeds of very very slow . i think this is only good for stirring the cream into the coffee so ... ... ..would work for you 
no only one set 
it is model # khm512er . still loving it ! 
yes , it does come with stainless steel beaters . 
it has 72 watts . the number is n't on the box , but the amperage is printed on the heel of the mixer . it is only .6 amps . 120volts x .6amp = 72watts . ka 's newest 7 and 9 speed mixers have .9 amp , yielding 108 watts . ka claims you do n't need as much power with their dc motors , but i do n't buy it . yes , it will do mashed potatoes , but it will take longer . atk ( america 's test kitchen ) chose this as their first choice ; they liked the light weight . still , atk recommended ka 's newest 9-speed mixer with `` with reservations '' because they wanted `` more oomph '' . 
no 
it is a basic cake mixer etc . the hook is for bread dough 
compared to the previous kitchen aid mixer this style , the mixer is much lighter which was nice . however , the switch on the top broke and fell inside . i also purchased one for my daughter as a gift and it did the same thing within 6 months of purchasing it . sorry , not recommended by me ! 
the one that i purchased came with the splash guard , dough hook , beater , and one other attachment that i do not know the name as it was a gift for my girlfriend . hope that helps 
you may need to buy a transformer , i am not sure if you use 220 or 110. this has a 110v us standerd cord . 
hi . it comes with dough hook , paddle , whisk and pouring sheild . thank you 
kitchenaids ' standard dough hook , paddle mixer , and wisk . 
1 year warranty from the manufacturer , thanks 
hi . yes it has a tilting motion . it is not a lift system . thank you 
hello , kitchenaid has discontinued this model but we do have the kitchenaid makes a 4 1 2 which is model # ksm95er . 
hi . it comes with whisk , dough hook and paddle . thank you 
in the product description it states that it is 300 watts . 
i also received 2 stickers ; i guess that is what they consider plastic covers 
imho ... ... .absolutely not ! ! ! ! mold is a difficult problem to rectify because it can be so invasive . there are many mold strains , most benign but others are deadly , so tackling mold begins with proper identification . once identified you can choose the best method of eradication . physical removal of surface mold followed up with direct application of a mold fighting formula is your best approach . keep in mind that repeated applications will most likely be necessary if mold infestation is severe . this air purifier simply is not up the task of eliminating your mold problem despite whatever claims are made . an expensive multi-stage unit would be a more suitable choice . these units are very effective but annual operating costs , in the form of replacement filters and uv bulbs , can be excessive . just my 2 cents . 
there is no switch to turn the light off , it will stay on unless you unplug it . that being said , there seems to be a sensor that will increase decrease the intensity depending on how much lighting is present in the room . perhaps in a sunlight room it will turn off ... have n't tested this . 
there is no bulb , they are led . it will work at least 3 to 5 years . 
no 
i have this particular air purifier in my half bath . the light does turn off when there is light in the room and it is strong enough to be a night light then the room is dark . 
honestly , i left it on for 30 days straight and unplugged it . i was afraid it would `` wear out . '' now i only use it when my daughter catches a cold . i was checking the insert and saw that there is a website and email address . www.dtmcare.com and info @ dtmcare.com . please let me know your findings if you receive an answer from the company . 
no but it does n't work the only thing that work is the let light 
this is a small ionizer over time you will notice that you are dusting less and the air smells fresher if it is placed in a small room if you are using lower price litter ( not . fresh step ) the oder would linger for quite a while you would get better results from an ionizer also had a fan and filter personally ito have these small ionizers in most room in my house 
yes , for small bathrooms . 
yes , this unit measures both humidity and temperature . i use it to cure capicola and it monitors both and regulates the power to the freezer and humidifier . 
yes you can . you set the ls value to 40 and the hs value to 60. i use this unit to control the humidity in a piano room . 
yes , it does 
yes 
yes however you will either need to cut the power plug off of your humidifier and wire it directly or wire the controller to an outlet that you can then plug your humidifier into . 
yes , you can run a dehumidifier with this controller and you would only need a auxiliary contact if the dehumidifier exceeds the rated amperage of the controller . 
3 fts . 
personally i would get a new one , you can find them cheap on ebay , or amazon . if your lucky at that time . men works perfect - bought 2 at the same time . bobby 
this unit only has one set of relay contacts . you would need to run two of these units . one for humidification and one for dehumidification . 
sorry it could not . 
hi yes this item is available in the uk . 
the inside is 1.5 inches in diameter and 2 inches high . the overall glass is 2.5inches tall and it is 2 and 5 8 inches wide with the handle 
these are meant for shots ... but if you want people to only taste a little of the beer then they would work . i use them for mini beer shots and that is not beer it 's licor 43 and whipping cream 
2 ounces 
yes . the shape is perfect to serve as a dutch oven and it is pretty heavy as well . 
i did n't have a problem with the dishwasher and rivets because i do n't wash pots in the dishwasher . i did have problems with the rivets with hand washing . i contacted cuisinart and after a million emails and numerous pictures , they sent a replacement pot . the new pot and rivets have been fine . 
this pan is not made in france . i believe it is made in china . cuisinart has a `` french classic '' line made in france . i have the 6 quart version and it is a great pan , but of course it costs more . 
no , there is not 
yes works fine on my portable induction 
interior depth is 5 inches . inside diameter is 9 1 4 inches . 
the pot without handles is 10 '' in diameter and 5 '' high 
i love this cookware . but , i have n't put it in the dishwasher for fear of the anodized outer shell of the pan coming off & maybe even getting on other dishes . i 've read negative comments about that . so , it 's not worth it to me . i just hand wash them . food does come off well . 
yes , definitely . the inside is stainless steel . go for it - great pan . 
it does not work on my duxtop 9100mc induction burner . ( a magnet sticks to the side of the pot , but not to the bottom . ) 
8 inches 
just measured mine and the inside diameter is 7 '' 13 16 - so just a little less than 8 inches . 
i have n't ( i 've mostly used it for sauces and soups ) but my bet is that it would work quite well . it 's a really super pan . 
all cuisinart products are made in china . cookware and electric items as well . 
i 've been using this for 6 months on my glass-ceramic top stove and have had no problems . the literature that came with the pan indicates that it is safe for these type of stoves . 
yes , but it can be a little hard to find ; you have to snoop around cuisinart 's website to find the dimensions . personally , i found the pans a little smaller than you might expect from the picture , though they are all true to the dimensions listed online . that was good for me , as i only ever cook for two and used to find my pots pans being too large for the portion sizes i wanted to cook . if you frequently cook for large numbers of people ( ie , meals for 10+ people ) it might be difficult to prepare everything in these . pot pan dimensions from cuisinart.com : mcu192-16 1 qt . saucepan with cover mcu193-20 3 qt . saucepan with cover mcu33-24h 3 qt . saut with helper handle and cover mcu66-24 8 qt . stockpot with cover mcu22-24 10 '' open skillet mcu22-20 8 '' open skillet mcu116-20 20 cm steamer insert with cover ( fits 3 qt . saucepan ) 
that is solely the reason i purchased this set ; induction . that and the unparalleled cost effective price in its class . 
yes , lids are metal . 
no . definitely not . in fact , they are kind of like the opposite of non-stick pans . you have to be pretty careful when cooking foods that have a high risk of sticking to things in these pans . if you burn stuff on , it can be a chore to get all the burnt residue off . that being said , i think they 're great pans . they heat very quickly and get very , very hot . in my experience they heat much faster , and get much hotter than any non-stick pan that i have seen ( and i 've seen a lot ) . they 'll give you great control over what you 're cooking ( much better control than a non-stick pan ) , and you can cook some more creative things in them , but they are certainly not the pans to be looking for if you just want to make some quick scrambled eggs and have no chance of any egg sticking to the pan and being hard to clean . ( all that said , there is one big advantage to cleaning these over cleaning a non-stick pan : you can stick it in the water immediately after using ! even if it 's still hot . doing that to a non-stick pan will destroy it . with these , it 's no problem . in fact , being sure to do this is the best way to make sure that you do n't end up with any hard-to-remove stains residue ) 
yes 
i would say , the same . its all relatively the same . 
black exterior 
i have a cuisinart 2 qt saucepan that fits this steamer on the 2nd largest ring . the diameter of that second ring on the steamer is somwhere between 6 3 4 and 7 in . the smallest ring is about 6 1 8 in or so . 
the steamer actually has a 3 step bottom with the widest part being 8 inches so it should work ok . 
should fit nicely on contour saucepans 2 qt and up . 
yes . it fits on three of the pots because it has ridges that match them . 
they are very good about support . try : cuisinart.com support us product_inquiry.html . include actual part numbers . good luck ! 
i absolutely love this steamer . the bottom of the steamer is ridged so that it fits over multiple sizes of cuisinart multiclad pots.the approximate dimensions for the one i purchased are as follows : height 4 '' , diameter at top of steamer : 8.5 '' , diameter at bottom of steamer : 6.25 '' and length of steamer from end of handle to end of pot is 15.75 '' . hope this info helps . merry christmas ! 
the bottom of pan is `` terraced '' so it can fit on openings at 6 '' , 7 '' , 8 '' and probably 9. i actually like this pan and thought it was a good purchase value 
it fits my 3 qt , i do n't have a 4 qt . there is a indentation for a size larger then i use on my 3 qt i imagine that 's for the 4 qt . i use its lid on my 8 in fry pan also . 
no . i do n't believe it 's big enough . the most i 've felt comfortable with was vegetables for 6. i believe cuisinart sells a bigger one . you would also want a bigger steaming pot to go underneath it so that you could use more water for steam . although i 've never tried it a whole chicken definitely longer to steam . vegetables for 6 has never taken more than 15 mins for this product . things i love about this product ... easy to use and clean . steams a variety of vegetables evenly . 
i just happened to bring this pot out to make some black beans . the inside diameter is about 11 inches . the outside rim diameter is 11-5 8 inches . pot height is about 7.5 inches . 
according to cuisinart web site the aluminum does go up the sides in the multiclad pro line - it does not say if the aluminum goes the full height or not . i have several of the multiclad pro line of cookware and am very pleased with its performance . 
mine seems to fit perfectly 
the pan itself does not have a country of origin as part of it 's information stamp on the bottom , but the box says `` made in china '' . hope that helps . 
i never personally did it but i would be afraid , it would be all discolored on the outside from being in the oven . 
do n't know but i doubt it . 
i contacted cuisinart for you about the n on the model number . they told me the only difference is on the handle ... that 's all they said in the email so i do n't know if it 's the style or material used for the handles , or what . in either case it does n't appear to be a big difference between the mcp66-28 and the mcp66-28n . hope that helps ... 
9 1 2 inches in diameter 4 3 4 inches tall 
2 things , multiclad is heavier duty and one piece with aluminum core . classic is thinner and bottom welded pressed to pot . 
i ca n't get to mine right now , but the dimensions are given on the amazon website . 
absolutely not ! they are not made for high temps like the oven ; however , they are definitely microwave friendly . 
yes they are and i use and reuse mine all the time . 
the smaller size is about 1 1 2 inches deep , the larger is about 2 1 2 inches deep . the dome of the lid adds about 1 2 inch to either . so for sandwiches you have about 2 inch or 3 inch depth . however , for spill-able items or semi-solid ... think pasta with sauce or cereal , etc ... i would consider the usable depth to be more around 1 inch for the small and 2 inch for the large . oh ... and regards to the other answers , i have used and used and eventually hubby breaks a lid or a container , but this was from a lot of use in both the microwave and dishwasher . they are not permanent dishes , but great for repeated use with the expectation that they will be tossed eventually . the biggest reason for breakage was that the lids fit tight and are not terribly easy to get off . work at each corner to open it and i would estimate durable use of about 10 to 20 times each . 
yes they are . i bought them to make meals to freeze for my son who lives on his own , works and attends college , they have been great for this . 
i honestly have no idea 
i purchased the 6x8 containers , they are just the right size for portioning out leftovers . 
both the lid and base say 5 on them . 
i do n't understand your question . the lids fit both sizes of containers . do n't know if you can purchase different sizes in one pk . 
no . i experienced some freezer burn on my veggies 
yes , as to my experience , these are reusable . i have n't had them long , so far , no complaints . i used one for leftover sloppy joes , reheated it & no melting of the container . i suggest using a paper towel to cover it in the microwave so the heat wo n't cause the lid to warp . 
according to their site are : http : reditainer.com ? page_id=327 
yes , you can put this in the freezer then microwave . it wo n't bend or warp like other packages unless you 're overheating it by a couple of minutes . i use it daily from my freezer straigt into the microwave . 
not very well and they get very brittle when frozen . have an entire order shipped with damaged edges broken , didnt see until too late if they are going to be use once and tss probably ok 
yes it has 
it is flocked , similar to microfiber , with the sofa it fit my husband easier than myself , he is tall and i am short , but sleeping on it is good , we put regular queen sheets on it , sometimes when used as our sofa , i would place a blanket on it , just because i am cold a lot . same with the chairs , they are large and i could sit with my feet and legs curled up . 
you have to buy the pump separately but this company makes a good one that is very compact . 
it 's an air mattress and decks usually have nails and stuff popping out that might pop it . and if it rains i suggest you do n't get it wet either . other than that it 's very durable indoors . 
no there is n't 
kit is not working on it .very bad quality and i just wasted my money 
76x91x28 
i only know of the one color that is a darkish grey color . my son has it in his dorm room at college . seems to be functioning well for that use . 
yes ! each side where you suppost to rest your arms . 
the sofa does not come with a pump , however i ordered the `` intex portable electric air pump - 120 volt ac quick-fill design with three nozzles '' off amazon and it works very well . the sofa inflated in 5-6 minutes ( there are three separate sections ) and the pump is surprisingly quiet and small . great value for both items . 
i will not help you waste your money . 
it comes assembled . all you have to do is put the potato on top of that metal grate and push down with all your strength using the other plastic piece . just like you see on the advertisement . i personally hated it and ended up in the trash . 
i found this product at cvs and i did the same thing . i put half an onion in and it is stuck . i am going to return it as is ! do not buy this product ! 
honestly no unless ur potato . is perfect shape works good but if . bent or has a `` u '' shape then it gets stuck -.- 
it 's only the one size ... approximately 3 8 '' ( measures actual 0.4 '' ) . 
i would say no , but i have no idea , truthfully . do n't waste your money on that piece of crap ! 
no 
it is the height with the lids . 
yes it has a decent opening , though the jars themselves r smaller then i had expected them to be , it 's still a beautiful set 
no they do not . 
the picture makes them look bigger than they are . they are on the smaller side , made of glass 
average glass pretty thin . 
to top of lid- blue =7-1 4 '' , green =8-1 4 '' , yellow = 8-1 2 '' , orange = 9-1 2 '' . circumference at widest point - b=16-1 2 '' , g=18 '' , y=19 '' , o=20-1 2 '' . depth from wall- b=5 '' , g=6-1 4 '' , y=6-1 2 '' , o=7 '' . i hope this helps . i love mine ! ! 
maybe try the cookie jar that is part of this set . i dont think they are large enough . they chip fairly easy also so i think they are more ornate . the seals around the rims arent very strong either making the lids pop up a bit . 
yes , the plates are all one color and one size , saucer ( sandwich plate ) all one color and one size , soup bowl , all one color and one size , cups are all the same color and one size i like the size of the cup , it is not a mug . 
they do have a silicone seal , but they are n't real airtight . 
only one seal was loose but it was reattached and has not been a problem . there were no flaws or chips in the canisters . we really love them . 
i have the same set , i think i would contact the distributor first . 
thank you for your inquiry . the set is hand painted and made in china . 
the height and capacity of each canister ( without lid ) is as follow : small- 5-1 2 '' h x 5 '' w ( 30 ounces ) medium- 6-1 4 '' h x 5-3 4 '' w ( 40 ounces ) large- 6-1 2 '' h x 5-3 4 '' w ( 48 ounces ) xlarge- 7 '' h x 6-1 4 '' w ( 64 ounces ) 
thank you for your inquiry , yes the design is on both front and back . 
have you tried overstock ? 
frame is black , back round lights are red , blue , white we like them off , can not be tilted very attractive and heats well 
2 settings low and high . works well . kp 
yes the heat does come from the top . it is a blower and quite strong . we have it in our bedroom which is very large situated directly above the garage , the heater is located near ( within 5 feet ) of sliding doors . if the heat is set to high the room heats up within minutes and if left on becomes far too warm in the room . the other evening when the temps ( in ct ) were below zero we had the fireplace on high and fell asleep . a couple of hours later it was so hot in the room we needed to turn off the fireplace and open the sliding doors to cool off the room , temp had to be in the 80 's . trust me , this is well worth the purchase . i hardly ever rate products but this one i definitely had to . 
the glass front is 35.5 wide , but definitely 22 inches tall . the smaller part behind it is only about 18 wide and 21 tall . 
correct , i tiled behind mine . 
back bottom of remote is a release tab to pull out battery holder . just pull out , replace battery and slide back in . battery should have last for years . i have to be directly over my unit for remote to work . 
the mounting hardware and screws worked just fine for me . 
hello i bought fire wall mount last year for condo and i put in my bed room it look very nice if you put in cabinet give a little space around it . you use with heat or no heat look very nice . i hope it help you little 
the led flame is adjustable with no flame larger than nine inches . 
you are going to need redheads 1 4 '' the chimeny is nice i have it in my bedroom on the bottom with my tv on the top i made a special wall for it the heat is blown from the top and if you are going to hang it on a flat wall the chimeny wo n't be flushed you will have a 4 '' reset from the wall 
350 
the scale is consistent each time . i 'm pleased with it . 
12.5 by 11 inches : i assume your question meant by platform the area your feet stand on without the dial ; with the dial it is still 12.5 inches wide but 17 inches long . 
yes it does . it 's located in the front and it 's a small dial . you occasionally will have to `` zero `` the scale out for accuracy . 
the dimensions across the top of the inner container are 7.5 inches with a 1 inch wide 'border ' on the inside of the inner container . it is 6.25 inches in height . i also have a small freezer . however , i line my container with wax paper and throw in bags of frozen veggies for space saving . 
i use 1 2 and 1 2 and heavy cream just because our family likes a really rich ice cream . i would n't expect the same product using less fat content milk . just try it and see what your family likes . 
to add a certain tartness 
120 volts 50 watts . 
you have to freeze the bowl solid before you can make ice cream in it . 
we have n't ever wrapped ours , so i suspect you 're fine . 
since there is no lid for it i would not recommend doing that . you could i just would not do that myself . 
yes . the same way you make ice cream but with different ingredient 's 
yes 
no it will not 
it states 15.6 x 17.7 x 24.1 inches on the amazon description . i am not at home or else i would measure it but i do n't recall the dimensions being different than expected . 
its about 5 inches high and 13 inches deep , 14 inches wide ... the drawer is fine for books , vitamins , glasses etc . i really liked this nightstand because the height of the tabletop is about 4inches higher than the other ones on amazon . 
yes , the sliders is on both side . 
it 's about 4 '' taller than my queen size bed which has an 11 '' memory foam mattress . 
yes 
i do n't think a storage cube basket would fit ... .i do n't know where you could put it . the nightstand is accommodating for it 's purpose . 
yes . 
i think it 's made of particle board and plywood but i might be wrong . : ) 
per the ameriwood website : assembled dimensions : width : 17.68 '' depth : 15.62 '' height : 24.12 '' unit weight : 27 lbs . shipping dimensions : width : 17 '' depth : 29 '' height : 4 '' ship weight : 30 lbs . dimensions dimensions for drawer : 3.937 '' h x 13.625 '' w x 12.937 '' d dimensions for opening below drawer : 16.75 '' h x 15.625 '' w x 13.75 '' d color : black ebony ash features : max weight capacity for top of night stand : 50 lbs . max weight capacity for drawer : 20 lbs . max weight capacity for open storage space : 50 lbs . 
yes 
# 1-no . # 2-5inch 
the box says `` ceramic coating made in germany '' . this is suspicious because you expect to see just `` made in germany '' . barcode is 020100903018 but it does n't help to find anything about german connection . anyway this pot is working very good for me for frying and not for soup . i do n't like the warning `` please do not keep the food more than 8 hours '' in the pot . i also found some info from the internet reviews which states `` the coating is done in germany as well as the final assembly . the pot and panbase materials and parts are from hungary '' ( from the seller 's response to the buyer 's inquiry ) . 
works great on induction . 
i do n't personally have an induction cooktop , so i ca n't say how well this pot would work with one . however , according to the literature , it is induction cooking ready with a built-in iron disc on the bottom . i can confirm the presence of a nicely flat , heavy disc on the bottom of the pot . 
edges on my pot are square , but not sharp . i did replace the cheap metal under the lid with a hose washer so moisture did n't collect . otherwise pot is great and washes easily . 
i believe it is one year for factory defects . they wo n't cover any abuse with metal cooking tools or dishwasher injury . i 've use mine hard for 6 months and found it 's the best pot i 've got . still no scratches . you 'd have to be an idiot to burn anything in this pot . amazing ! 
yes it is . 
i have owned this product for over a year now , and could not be happier with it . i have not used it in an oven , but the description said it was `` professional quality '' , so i assume it could be oven proof . i do know that the coating is superior to anything i have ever used , and i feel it was a great investment . 
hi , best way to choose color would be to place an order and then send us a message with your color of choice . 
after you place the order you can send us a message with the color of your choice . 
i would not . perhaps using wall putty but because the figurine is curvy it would be difficult . it 's not heavy and if it sat on something shelf or board it would work . 
no , there are no ties or clips attached to the duvet . there are about 6-7 buttons on one side to enclose your comforter after you slide it in ... hope this helps . 
i would say , yes it is thin , but not 'cheap ' thin . it is not see through . it has a soft cotton feel to it and is about the thickness of a 'normal ' sheet . i purchased it in sage green - perhaps it would be see through in a really light color or white . 
the duvet cover that i bought is definitely white ! however , i am really unhappy with the purchase . the buttons at the bottom for the closure , every single one of them came off in a matter of the first few weeks of using it . we ended up on our hands and knees looking all over the bedroom so we could find them and sew them back on ! it 's a very nice duvet cover and very soft but what a hassle ! 
it is a synthetic fabric that is very soft and durable . 
i do n't remember , but it 's so soft it has to be way up there . seriously , i love this thing ! 
it 's really white 
no , there are no ties or clips attached to the duvet . there are about 6-7 buttons on one side to enclose your comforter after you slide it in ... hope this helps . 
i would say , yes it is thin , but not 'cheap ' thin . it is not see through . it has a soft cotton feel to it and is about the thickness of a 'normal ' sheet . i purchased it in sage green - perhaps it would be see through in a really light color or white . 
the duvet cover that i bought is definitely white ! however , i am really unhappy with the purchase . the buttons at the bottom for the closure , every single one of them came off in a matter of the first few weeks of using it . we ended up on our hands and knees looking all over the bedroom so we could find them and sew them back on ! it 's a very nice duvet cover and very soft but what a hassle ! 
it is a synthetic fabric that is very soft and durable . 
i do n't remember , but it 's so soft it has to be way up there . seriously , i love this thing ! 
it 's really white 
my wife said 8 pounds , not sure if that 's right i think more like 5 pounds . 
up to a 500 degree oven . 
i pack leftovers usually , when i cook in these pans . but , the few times that i have refrigerated the food as is , it stays fresh enough . the cover is quite heavy , hence you can expect it to be air tight . 
i have never had an easy time with enamel - it discolors over time . but my friend did give me one great clue . take some dishwasher soap ( not regular dish soap ) , and put it in the pot with hot water to soak overnight . in the morning , dump out the water and for the most part , everything just washes right out . good luck ! 
the one i have here is manufactured in china 
5 '' height and 10.5 '' diameter her 8 qt.oval pot is 18 '' x13 '' x7 '' . tom 
have no idea of what material the padding is made . it is thick enough and i iron 2x weekly . i like it - sorry this was of little assistance ... 
i 'm sure it would , but would be a bit too big . i have this on a board that measures 47-1 2 '' long by 19-1 2 '' wide . it fit 's my perfectly but it 's not stretched tight . 
fiber , i am ( we are ) very particular about the pad for ironing well . it does n't stick , i put the pad on top of the previous one that did not have enough pad for a good ironing job . it is excellent quality . i would highly recommend for picky and lazy ironing 
i have an oversized ironing board and this cover fit perfectly and is excellent quality 
it probably would just fit , but the length would be close on the over lap 
it should fit , however , i thought this cover was very poor quality . it developed a tear that grew to a hole in just 3 weeks of use . i replaced it with a more expensive , but much better cover that is great . 
not sure about that specific one . i am using the cover on a wider ironing board that is maybe 16-18 '' wide and it fits well 
the elastic broke on this cover and is now sliding off my board ; it 's was n't too tight before to begin with 
i 've had mine for about 10 months . i think it makes great cups of regular coffee for a pod machine . it makes 8 oz . but you can easily get a few more ozs . out of each pod . in my opinion the darker coffees ( verona , anniversary blend ) taste the best . if your goal is to save money then i would n't buy this machine . it 's really more about convenience and imo a better cup than the k . 
i see that others have already answered , but i did want to put in my opinion , for what it 's worth ! i love this machine . i have a keurig at work and we have one that sits in the garage , unused . i like full bodied coffee and i feel the keurig , for me , does n't fit the bill . it 's fine for that second cup when i get to work , but the verismo makes espresso and regular coffee , depending on the pods . it makes coffee that tastes as good , or better , than my very expensive saeco espresso machine . i know keurig is all the thing now , but i feel the coffee can be weak and tasteless . just my opinion ! i 've had my verismo for a year now and i still sing its praises ! 
no you can not . if you are not into lattes or espresso go for keurig . 
i was just getting up to make some coffee so i decided to take the temp with our insta-read thermometer . after brewing with the brewed coffee setting i got almost exactly 160 degrees ( 160.8 ) . i am perfectly fine with this temp myself but i know that some people brew their coffee hotter in order to travel and or just to preference . if this seems too low for you then it might be worth knowing ! 
i do n't do lattes on my verismo because i do n't like their milk pods . they are 2 percent powered milk . you could make iced expresso and add your own milk . i do n't think verismo saves money on anything . 
for me they are hot . not hot enough to burn my mouth or hot enough that i need to let it cool , but certainly hotter than luke-warm . maybe someone can provide an actual temperature ? 
the foil is n't removed to begin with . but yes you can make espresso . you would just have to buy the espresso pods and press the espresso button 
it 's clear plastic . no markings . no idea . 
i think it is a little to noisy for the office & # 128521 ; 
yes i do all the time.one time through gets a lot but there is some left and i just hit the button again . three times for the expresso pods 
no this is completely pillow-like material . but i do n't see why you could n't make a bottom of your own adding wood . 
fold it forward first then backwards like a beach chair . 
small children yes , teenagers , no . 
i 'm not sure what the foam is made of but the fabric is like a faux suede . 
no way . when it 's in chair mode , it 's only 8 inches from the floor . 
http : www.walmart.com ip 14931616 ? wmlspartner=wlpa & selecteditemid=14931617 & adid=22222222227000549692 & wl0= & wl1=g & wl2=c & wl3=40844382632 & wl4= & wl5=pla & wl6=56571582649 & veh=sem & productredirect=true 
http : www.walmart.com ip your-zone-flip-chair-multiple-colors 14931613 
it can unfold into a bed with one part remaining folded to serve as a pillow for guests . it can completely fold up into a comfortable chair , and can serve as a reclining lounge chair . chair size : 29.2 '' x 29.5 '' x 23.9 . '' bed size : 79.53 '' x 29.5 '' x 5.1 . '' 
i purchased this for my daughter 's college dorm room . it 's almost 30 '' wide and lays out to almost 80 '' flat . comfy with 5 '' padding as bed . it measures : chair size : 29.2 '' x 29.5 '' x 23.9 '' bed size : 79.53 '' x 29.5 '' x 5.1 '' . 
the chair is smaller than a twin bed . the sheets will fit , but will be very loose . 
for a child , yes , but for an adult probably not if they are putting their full force against it . it really is a nice chair extra bed and a 6 ft. man could stretch out on it . my grandson made a tent with it and a blanket ... it 's a nice lime green color . 
it feels like a micro fiber . i do n't know the actual material off hand . it has a faux suede type feel . 
no there is no smell of anything it is excellent for someone who has limited space 
no the cover is not removable . i wish it was . mine is now in my front yard . to close to the floor and my animals used it as a potty pad . all of them . 
you push it forward a little which should release it . 
yes . my son is 5 10 and has ample room and is also very comfortable . we highly recommend this product . 
about 10 inches . thanks for asking ! - inhouse 
fold the part where the pillow is all the way forward , this releases it so the back can be put into multiple positions . then fold the bottom piece up and you have the chair . it 's a little confusing at first but you 'll figure it out . i love this chair , i actually have 4 of them . 
yes , free shipping . 
zone kid 's flip chair size : 29.2 '' x 29.5 '' x 23.9 '' bed size : 79.53 '' x 29.5 '' x 5.1 '' 
yes . i just have a foam mattress on mine . works great ! 
im pretty sure ours said queen for all boxes 
my son sleeps on it so i 'd say he weighs 160 lbs 
do n't have the measurements but yes u can fit boxes under the bed 
yes , it has two center support beams attached to slats in addition to the four legs . 
there are no cut outs 
the sides are mirrored . 
in total , including the console ( in the center which is a little deeper ) and the door , it measures approx 26 '' deep . 
13 '' for just the open door . total width of cabinet with doors open aprox . 25 '' 
if your a perfectionist and know what your doing ... i guess it would not be too bad . you would have to really cover all the mirrors well before painting . 
it looks like the trim pieces are wood ( not mdf ) ; however , the core may be but it is covered in mirror . it is an exceptionally made piece and we have seen the exact same item in high end furniture stores locally for almost 3 times the price . definitely worth the price . we ordered it from another supplier first ; but , after a couple weeks it arrived broken . we then ordered from amazon and it arrived in a week in perfect condition . the only assembly is to attach the legs and knobs . great product 
60 '' x 14 '' x 36 inches high 
just shy of 60 '' long ( if you mean length as width ) and 14 '' deep at its widest point . 
yes 
small room 150 sqft 
very poor insulation is only one factor in understanding room `` heat loss '' so it is difficult to answer your question specifically . any heater would be used to compensate for this `` heat loss '' and provide `` enough heat '' . given the size of the room , i would think you will see some limited improvement in comfort but it would be difficult for this or any 1500w heater to sustain a high level of heat comfort if you have significant heat loss . 
my guess from memory ( i returned the heater ) , is that the feet add another two or three inches , so i think with the feet it could be as tall as 22.5 - 23 inches ( i could be wrong though ) . i would bet that since it does n't come with the feet installed and is wall mountable , it is 20 '' without the feet . please read this whole post , you will thank me for it later . even though it is a high quality product and an attractive product ( and very heavy , -you have to make sure to mount it into the wall studs ) , i could n't get past the smell ( it gave me a headache , like most flat panel heaters ) . the heat comes out the top , and the glass remains cool ( if i remember ) . therefore the glass is purely for aesthetics , which i find odd because i bought it hoping that the glass would absorb and radiate heat from the front , but that is n't the case ( unlike most flat panel heaters which radiate heat from both the front and the top , or just from the front , where heat rises ) . the smell may subside over time . i did n't give it enough of a chance because i 'm very sensitive . as a heater , it works about as well as any other 1500 watt heater ( which is n't very well on a cold night ) . all electric heaters put out [ almost ] exactly the same amount of btus ( heat ) per-watt and there is a formula to calculate it . i have been researching heaters for over 3 years and think quartz-infrared heaters are the best on a budget ( and if you are sensitive to the toxic smells ) . electric heat is the most expensive , but people who are considering it usually do n't have another viable option . if space is not a consideration ( and you do n't have your heart set on a wall mounted unit ) , i would highly recommend the duraflame models 10hm1342-o0128 , 10het6493-c221 , 20if100gra-c202 , or 20if100gra-o107 at rural king ( best prices as well ) - http : search.ruralking.com search ? p=q & asug= & w=duraflame+heater . they are clean quartz infrared heaters with minimal or no smell odor ( especially after a few days ) . if your budget is less , these are just as effective , - duraflame ts1500-blk at `` blains farm & fleet '' ( $ 89.99 + $ 10 for shipping ) [ or ] duraflame 8hm1500 ( $ 99 + $ 10 shipping ) = http : www.farmandfleet.com products 818076-duraflame-1500-watt-quartz-heater.html # .urblerca1he i really like these ones and would buy them if i did n't already have 3 of these type of heaters , -google `` twin star qvc v32538 '' ( the link is ) : http : www.qvc.com qvc.product.v32538.html ? item=v32538 & ref=gas & tpl=detail & cm_ven=googleshoppingfeed & cm_cat=for % 20the % 20home & cm_pla=home % 20environment & cm_ite=v32538-032-000 & cawelaid=600006460000589506 & catargetid=600006460000298140 & cadevice=c & cagpspn=pla [ and this one ] - duraflame 20if100gra-c202 , or 20if100gra-o107 , -both at rural king ( link ) = http : www.ruralking.com duraflame-infrared-rolling-mantel-20if100gra-c202.html i think if you take my advise , you should be happy and ca n't go wrong . this was a process of trial and error for me since the winter of 2011 2012 , where i tried 9 different heaters ( and own about 5 or 6 at the present time ) . many of the ones i mentioned were not available when i bought most of mine . the thing to remember is depending where you live ( i live in silicon valley santa cruz , ca ) , one heater might not be enough . i would say that on a really cold night in the eastern , northern , north-eastern u.s. , you would need at least one heater per room ( for bedrooms and similar size ) . i think amazon might block the links i included , which is why i included the info needed to find the heaters without urls links by googling them . whew ! ! , it took me like over an hour to write this . anyway , good luck on your search . 
the air in my apt is dry , so i ca n't say if the heater decreases humidity . 
1 year manufacturer 
no , it is a convection radiant heater . very quiet . installed on wall . 
the black radiant glass panel is similar to that on a flat screen tv . you would n't paint one of those ! ! maybe you could paint the wheels and floor stand . ask the manufacturer about mounting it on the wall like flat screen tvs which are all black . if the appearance offends , you can always rig up some sort of short decorative screen to stand in front of it at a distance that does n't impede the flow of air and heat . again , ask the manufacturer about the specs for safe distance around the heater . 
the instruction manuals do not show this option so i do n't think so . 
you might think so , but probably not . other items post ( and sell ) for very high prices if when the product is unavailable . as for me , i 'll wait for the $ 20 one to be re-stocked ! 
usa 
sorry , i have no idea . you 'd probably need to contact the seller directly . these question forums are for asking questions to people who have purchased the item . good luck 
no . you would use a jigger or shot glass to measure 
step'n sort is a canadian company , i believe , and the only way i was able to reach out to them was through their facebook page ( search for `` facebook step'n sort '' in any search engine ) . i needed replacement bins , and while they did n't keep them in stock they did notify me once they became available after a few weeks . 
we actually use this 3 can step & sort only for compost & the 13 gallon food waste bags fit perfectly . i do not know anything about the simplehuman custom bags , but 13 gallon is the right size . you will definately want to get the big rubber bands made specifically to hold the garbage bags `` up '' or they will fall in no matter what size bag you use . we also have the 2 can step & sort for regular garbage & the `` tall kitchen '' garbage bags ( 13 gal ) also fits that one . hope this helps you . 
h : 23.5 in w : 12 in l : 23.5 in ; also side note i 've only found one type of bag that fits this unit it is , simplehuman size d 20l . 
it is about 34 '' tall with the lid fully open - it would be a tight fit , but i think you could make it work . 
each compartment is 10 '' x6 '' at the opening and 20 '' deep . you could not fit a brown paper bag in it . the trash can is really great though . 
it is short but i love the unit ! i have a household of 3 and we cook a lot so we use the third section for compost . the only compartment that could be bigger is the one for recycling ... lots of junk mail and cardboard it fills quickly . 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
there are 6 separate plastic containers . 3 fit at a time so u can make your food a day in advance . plus u can get glass tupperware similar size . i love my bag . so much keeps me eating clean 
yeah you can fit shaker blender type bottles in there . : ) 
yes it comes with a detachable shoulder strap , 4 small tupperware containers , one medium sized one and a larger deeper one . as well as two ice packs . very heavy duty the person i bought it for enjoys it very much . 
there is a small compartment on top and 2 side pockets big enough to put bottles plus 2 nets that help to hold bottles as well 
it depends on the environment . in a normal office , it has kept milk cold in the side pouch up to 8 hours . food in the containers about the same amount of time if not longer . the side pouches are susceptible to surrounding heat far more than the main compartment . in the office , i would say food would be kept cold for up to 10 hours . i would say if you are keeping it in the car all day during the summer , maximum of three hours . 
h 7.5in x w 5in x d 7.5in . hope this helps . chuck . 
the containers are actually a nice surprise , one that i did n't figure out until i actually used them . when i first got the bag and washed the containers , they felt a little flimsy to me . but when i used them i realized that the close with what feels like a zipper snap , all the way around . it does n't just close seal at the corners , however they made these connects all the way around . you can hear it all snapping into place as you press down . i have n't used them long enough to know how well they hold up , but so far so good ! 
i 've thrown my pyrex glass containers in , so yes . thing is that you can only fit one ice bag in it . 
i 've never tested it that way . in a room of normal temp i would say yeah it will stay cold . it depends on how hot it is outside . keep in mind you only have the ice packs in the main food compartment , so everything in the side cups will warm faster . 
6 1 2 x 7 1 2 x 1 '' deep 
no , it 's plastic . but i had no issues so far . 
1.5 liters , 6 cups , 50 ounces . 
you can order new parts through the website i believe . but honestly , i 'd just pay a little more for something more reliable . 
the one i got uses 120 v only . the instruction sheet mentions 220 v models so you may be able to order one . 
yes i believe you can . check the b & d website . there are also wholesalers online who will sell you other parts , like the blade , etc . but not all parts are replaceable . 
that i have no clue about . its worth the $ 19 i payed for it , and its still working great for me . 
mine was 1000 watts . 
yeah i think that it will be ok if your main focus with be oj . it will be pulpy though . but i guess you can strain it . 
110 
i do n't understand your question ... ..my plug in cord comes out the back and i just plugged it in . it 's attached to the machine . if you do n't have a plug in cord i would say your machine is faulty and i would return it 
it comes with one ? ? ? that 's what the tall black plastic cylinder is designed for based on my experience . 
i 'm not sure i understand your question , -- - if it is what i think , the answer is one ( 1 ) . 
i am not sure about it . i have n't tried any other but fruit . it is strong but not sure if strong enough for nibs . i noticed that it was hard to juice white beets , but those beets were harder than some potatoes . it did it but i had to use some force and press longer . i am not sure . good luck to you and please let us know . 
yes u can , i used to veggie juice 
it uses only 110 120 volt ! 
yes 
it has a metal rim that seats directly on the ceramic pot . no rubber or vinyl . it also has a small air release vent . i suspect they are interested in not having it pressurize and blow up while you are not watching . there is no rubber or vinyl that i can see on the underside of the glass lid . just a metal screw and washer ( metal also ) and the rim . not sure why you are asking , but i think this should give the info you need . 
hi katherine , it does n't have either . the lid had a metal rim and rest on the porcelein interior of the slow cooker . i really like it ! 
it holds 6 cups , just be careful taking sharp turns in your car with it full of cheese sauce or chili . 
love my oval little crock pot . the inside dimensions are : 7 1 4 '' long ; 5 3 4 '' wide ; 3 1 4 '' deep . i have cooked small roasts of about 1 1 2 lbs . it works well for cooking for two . also , it would bake potatoes , the amount would depend on the size of the potatoes but would cook 2 regular baking potatoes nicely . it is great for keeping dips warm . you are only limited by your imagination in the use of this little crock pot . 
10 '' w , 7 '' front to back , 6 '' tall not counting lid . 
yes . 
yes 
two very good questions which i forward over to amazon for clarification . had they answered these upfront , we would only have a single question posted ! for now , we must assume that it is the typical 90 day warranty on refurbished dyson products and that it only comes with the standard combo crevice brush tool and the stair tool . 
there is n't really a stairway attachment - the stairway function of an extended hose is built-in to all dyson uprights . they call it their `` instant high reach wand '' . they normally include a combination crevice tool brush and a stair tool http : www.dyson.com parts s stair-tool dc41stairtool.aspx ? pid=dc41-irspu-exc . since these are part of the standard vacuum on all versions of the dc41 and physically store on it , and you can actually see it on the picture that shows the left side ( at the bottom of the crevice tool ) , i assume that they are included , unlike the mini turbine head which is an attachment that ships loosely , only with certain models and is never pictured or mentioned on this amazon page . 
apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete . the animal includes the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
no , it did not include the turbine head . 
a duplicate question , but here is the answer given to the first inquiry - apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models currently listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete ( the dc41 multi floor models are no longer listed ) . both versions of the animal include the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete or the multi floor , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it is an animal or that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete . the animal includes the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
according to the woot.com website , looks like all their stuff is 90 day warranty unless otherwise specified 
according to the woot.com website , looks like all their stuff is 90 day warranty unless otherwise specified 
no issues . nice after multiple washes . 
i 'd say more cotton polyester . i do n't think there 's any microfiber . they are stiff , but wash well . 
ours is standard but it seems that there is extra that would most likely fit a deeper mattress . 
double 
yes , but unlike patricia , we love our unit . we make different teas and french press coffee and the unit 's ability to easily set the temperature for the appropriate task for steeping the tea or making coffee is a real plus . it is also nice to have set the timer to have a pot of water at the right temp when i get up in the morning . i found the origin of manufacture by simply looking at the bottom of the base plate where it is clearly stipulated . i did not infer the origin based on the quality of the product . schengen china has some amazing manufacturers . i do n't want to get into an in depth discussion about made in america verses made off shore . i would prefer that we employ american workers every chance we get . however , the free market is a principle that we americans so dearly love as a corner stone of our style of capitalism . this and greed , drive corporate manufacturing decisions . the shareholders must make a profit from their investments , the middle class be damned . so , that aside , this is a really great product and , unfortunately , it is made in china . good luck finding a small appliance made in america . 
yes you can ! i programmed mine to be ready at a certain time every morning and it works beautifully ! it also keeps the water at the same temperature ( of your choosing ) for 1 hour after the time you programmed it for . a helpful hint on using it is to use the instructions listed in the item description on amazon as the booklet that comes with it was pretty confusing . 
the top does n't come off but it raises vertically 90 degrees , so it is easy to access the inside of pot for cleaning . 
no . you have these choices : 175-180-190-200-212. i use 180 to steep green tea and 200 for my french presses . 
it 's 120 volts , 1500 watts . there is no plastic in contact with the water . i 've been happy with the product , the water heats much faster than the stove and it turns itself off after an hour . 
no 
it will stay at or near a boil indefinitely as long as it has water . it will not maintain a continuous rolling boil . if you 're asking if it has plastic parts , it does . the container is stainless steel but the filter in the spout is plastic . 
i love my electric tea kettle . length 8 1 2 inches . with 6 1 2 inches . 
210,180,190,200 , 212 , 175 and you can go within a couple degrees of them . 
the lid id plastic , but this would not come in contact with the water unless you held it upside down . there is also a screen in the spout that is stainless , but this fine screen is held in place with a thin black plastic ring that has a small splash guard at the top . it is too high to be in constant contact with the water until poured . so this plastic only incidentally contacts the water briefly . we use the pot every day and it is the best electric tea pot we have ever owned or used . 
yes these pots and pans work on induction cooktops . they clean up nicely and they look great . good value for the price . 
the diameter is 9 1 2 inches . the height is 4 1 4 inches . 
the handles can become hot . if just heating up something they are fine . but if something takes a while to cook i do need to use a pot holder 
induction cooker ready ... 
yes . 
yup 
the biggest pot is 4 and 1 8 inches tall , ( without the lid ) . 
what is a wave countertop 
i dont wash my pans into the dishwash ! 
yes they are . since they are not really non-stick , it does not matter . i have been dishwashing them and have not faced any issues . 
yes . 
dark bronze 
the seat height is 30 inches the total height of the chair is 47.25 inches . 
hi yes the finish is black . 
hi charron ann ! the big and tall back to back scroll 30 '' datk brown bar stool seat is 30 '' high . please let us know if you have any further questions . 
the seat height for this stool is 42 '' . 
mine is 14.5 '' wide , 17.5 '' long . 
15 1 2 inches wide and 19 1 2 inches long . it is made of a good grade of plastic and nicely molded . i do like this product and would buy again . 
it is flexible but it stays in shape and works well with a drainer rack on top of it and the water drains into the sink . i am very happy with it . 
you actually have to take it to a framing shop , i thought it came framed , and i ended up spending another 230.00 dollars getting it framed , they have to stretch it , hope that helps you out 
it 's about 3 1 2 feet wide plus it 's 3 paintings so you can spread it out further ( put a couple inches in between ) . 
hi i ordered mine just canvas and had together it put on the frame the middle is smaller then the sides 
this is not an answer just a response after reading all the negativity about this seller and picture saying it 's framed and then it 's not , quality is also poor . wth ? i will never purchase from this seller or buy this picture . why is amazon allowing them to continue selling via them ? 
you get 2 that are that size and one that is bigger for the center . again , it looks better in this picture than when you receive it . 
this art work is not framed ! i received mine three days ago in a tube . while it is decent work , before you purchase this , check the prices for getting it framed . mine cost $ 44 , by the way . 
please provide the picture to us here and later we discuss further details.thanks . 
it should come in a roll and you will need to get it framed . mine never showed up ! ! ! ! ! so i do n't know the quality . 
good question . horrible service ! they have called me at least 4 times a day for the past 2 weeks asking me to change my negative rating on here , and i refuse . the quality is so poor and the item is mislabeled . 
yes it 's not framed and i was very unhappy with it . you ca n't even find frames for it it put in yourself . i took it to michaels store and the only thing they could do is custom frame which would have cost me hundreds of dollars . very disappointing . i hope this helps . 
certifications : c etl us listed ( conforms to ul std 197 certified to can csa std c22.2 no . 109. etl sanitation listed ( conforms to ansi nsf std 4 ) yes , regular household - it can run in 15 or 20 amp mode 
hi , as long as a generator can put out the 110-120 v and be careful about spikes , yes a generator will run anything . this is common when caterers have machines set up at parties and such they use generators . spag 's espresso 
very happy with the machine , once i figured out the coffee grind , the fresh roasted coffee is key . if you use coffee that that is not fresh , the coffee with never be as good and the creme will be a very light . make sure you start with fresh roasted coffee and perfect the grind and enjoy the best cup of coffee you will ever have . overall i am very pleased with the machine . 
yes , you can . i do it all the time . the difference is when the separate units are heating . in 20-amp mode , both boilers heat at the same time . in 15-amp mode , they switch back and forth until both are at optimal temperature ... but when it 's time to brew , you can use both at once ... definitely . 
hi , michelle . this particular machine has a reservoir . it 's available in a plumbed model as well ... but not this one . 
the printed materials accompanying this product are at the bare minimum . however , you can just load the pot with your ingredients and press the button that says `` soup '' ( or rice , or ... ) . we mostly make porridge and rice . any standard pressure-cooker recipe will work , as you can select how long to cook on the front panel and then the cooker heats up and cooks quietly until the food is done . 
when the 0 's are circling , it means the cooker has not yet reached full temperature . the pot is unable to heat up for some reason . i assume there is some noise and steam escaping from it ... check to be sure the silicone sealer ring is in place underneath the lid . check that the lid is rotated all the way closed . check that the little plastic piece on top drops down into the `` closed '' position and not up to `` exhaust '' . the little hole on top of the lid should make a hissing sound for only 5-10 seconds , then the pot will go quiet . the numbers will stop circling a few minutes after the pot becomes quiet . 
it has a capacity of 5 liters , which is equal to 1.5 gallons or 6 quarts . the last digit in the model number `` bt900xl5 '' indicates this is a 5-litre cooker . 
i only cook for two people so i do not fill it to the max 
not that i know of . john 
i would assume that of the local atmospheric pressure at your altitude . that is what it was in my past pressure cookers . that 's about 14 psi . john 
no , it 's a pressure cooker . you can brown your meat and then put it in for cooking , but it 's not a frying pan . 
i think it is made in china . people there use this kind of pressure cookers . 
no it does not . i would say this pressure cooker is for someone who knows how to handle pressure cookers . it does not beep to let you know you have to put on the lid , but it cooks fast and keep the food flavor in . hope this was helpful . 
110 plug 
i did 
the little ones are 3 '' if you count all the way to the top of the front drawers plate and the big ones are 4 '' . so there only an inch bigger and there about 1ft 5in long and about 11 and a half inches wide in the inside of the drawers 
yes , you can actually also use the top drawers for socks underwear as well . what i love about the drawers is that they come out very long , and the way the hinges are installed they never get stuck or break if you have heavy things inside the drawers . i use the small drawers for things like makeup , medicine , jewelry . the bottom ones for office things and my small purses like wallets and clutches . it 's very sturdy , the wood does n't feel cheap . it 's very sleek and smooth . i absolutely do not regret buying this drawer i wish i had a ikea near me . 
44.5 inches tall 
it is $ 119 but the shipping costs more than the drawers . 
11 1 2 by just shy of 17 inches . love this unit ! ! ! 
the first few are about 3 inches and the bottom ones are closer to 6 inches . my daughter uses it for makeup and hair products on the bottom 
only place i found filters was at bed , bath and beyond ... ..manufacturer of unit and replacement filters is homedics ( unit is packaged as sharper image but they 're no longer in business ) . 
i 'm not quite sure why it is not on there . the only thing i can tell you is i feel it works really well however the filters are expensive . they can be purchased at bed bath and beyond with a coupon but still pricey ! 
what do you mean ? 
yes 
yes . 
i have unit and it covers a 250 sq feet pretty well 
you can wash it with warm water and dawn soap . just air dry it . no heat 
you can purchase replacement nano filters at bed bath and beyond . they cost $ 49.99 . 
it is electric not battery operated . this appliance works very well for both fine and coarse grating , as well as slicing . it is a real time saver . cleaning is a breeze . i love this appliance . i hope this helps . 
soft cheese presents more of a challenge . if i could give it a star rating for grating soft cheese , i 'd give 3.5 out of 5 stars . depending on the quantity of cheese , you may need to manually clear the drum . sharp cheddar is easy . mozzarella is more challenging . still worth it . it grates a 2 pound block in seconds . 
it has two graters , large and small . it also has a slicer attachment . i 've used mine once for carrots and loved it . 
it is made in arnsberg , germany ! 
yes . it comes with three blades ; fine , chunky and slices . i love mine . 
it comes from germany . i am not certain if it is manufactured there also . the chute is large enough for a small to medium size potato . larger potatoes have to be split in halve . 
possibly . it does have a shredding disk and it shreds soft cheeses , so it may do the job . 
yes it should . 
yes 
although that is rather a subjective question , many factors would influence an opinion . i use the dishwasher , except for the body which gets wiped down with a damp paper towel . 
there is a 1 year warranty on the product . 
yes . we love it 
there is a slight hum , intermittently , when it kicks on to maintain temperature . not much , however . 
the dimension is - as gift recipient answered - width ( 16.14 '' ) x height ( 10.83 '' ) x depth ( 20.08 '' ) for your info ... 
no , it comes rolled up in a tube . you will need to have it professionally stretched , unless you know how to do it yourself . 
we are sure that the painting provided by santin art is strethed and framed , ready to hang 
no never received it 
i do not know the answer to that question . i bought the heater for my brother who lives in a trailer . he says that it works well , has never mentioned how hot it gets . 
i have never tired but the directions say you can . this is a great little heater .good luck . 
mine works fine , used it all last winter with no issues . 
i have never used the timer . it goes up to 10 hours , the . it is supposed to shut off . we have been using it all winter and it works great . 
manufacturer warranty is 1 year from date of purchase . 
i think the capacity would be for one person of reasonable weight . i use it as a foot rest , mostly . however , my husband occasionally sits on it and he is about 185 pounds , no problems . 
it is a very dark brown . 
9.5 '' h x14.75w x 21 '' l 
fully assembled . beautiful piece of furniture . idk about other colors . 
18 '' x 24 '' x 18 '' 
24 '' long , 18 '' wide , 18 '' high 
more of a brass color . definitely not silver in color . 
yes . 
no , the bottom shelf ca n't be removed . you might find this table not deep enough for use as a desk . 
i do n't know for sure , but if i had to guess based on the items i have displayed on mine ( top and bottom shelf ) i would say 20 pounds . 
31 '' w x 30 '' h x 14 '' d 
it is matte white , very nice looking . i do n't regret this purchase . 
i 'm not sure but this is very sturdy . mine is mainly used as a foot rest . i weigh 140 & i can sit on it without being worried about it holding me . i have been very satisfied with it . 
yes , 90 degrees . very nice piece . 
well my sister sat on it she is very large so i would say no more than 275 pounds 
yes 
almost the same as outside . 
antique gold 
18x24 
it was a gift and shipped direct and was for a small living room . i believe it was 20 x 24 x 18 inches high and has a nice storage compartment . 
it 's like a dark smoke grey faded into brass in the middle of the nail heads . hope that helps . 
no it has a flat back it is sort of a trapezoid shape 
a foot 
product details product dimensions : 15.8 x 31.5 x 20 inches ; 30 pounds , copied and pasted from its description . thats 15.8 '' deep , 31.5 '' wide , and 20 '' high . on the width , as you see in the pictures , its 31.5 '' at the widest and tappers to about 15 '' at the back so it can still swivel if it set close to a wall . 
it depends on the size of your television . the table is perfect for a lighter weight flat screen tv but maybe not for an older model tv that is heavier . 
yes 
do n't use it in a corner , but i would think that it would 
yes , as long as there is enough clearance from a wall . 
the entire thing swivels ... i 'm very happy with it , i 've had it 6 months now . 
as long as it 's put together well i 'd estimate it can hold 150 lbs i would n't go more than that . i have a 55 inch tv and it swivels very easy . and holds all the other items as well . good for the cost . 
i believe the model is `` carmel '' . the unit i purchased and received is black with frosted white glass panels . the item description lists : `` painted black wood '' , which is accurate . 
i still have mine . i can email it to you . give me your email address . 
should n't waste your time assembling . none of the connection points are built correctly . its is extremely wobbly once constructed . highly recommend returning it . 
it depends ... do you want to just keep the top from coming open unexpectedly or completely lock it ? you could probably install a clasp to make it difficult for small people ( kids ? ) from opening it . i do n't see how you attach something to completely lock it though . 
24 1 4 in h . 23 in l. 11 in w . 
about 14.5 inches 
not sure what exactly you mean by is the back part stationary . the top of the table can flip open to allow storage inside the table . 
height : 24 & 1 4th inches . length : 23 inches . width : 11 inches . 
i really do n't know . its nice though 
this is a very nice tv stand . a lot of people prefer a highboy stand and there are n't that many available . if you go into the section marked `` about this item '' then go to `` description '' and or `` features and details , '' you will find out the specific details , descriptions , and dimensions . see below for info . about this item . this particular stand will hold most tv 's up to 47 '' wide . no tools needed . the dimensions are 47.2 '' wide x 15.8 inches deep x 36 '' high . do n't forget to anchor it to the wall . hope this helps . 
approx . 10.75 inches . to be safe , anything 10.5 inches or smaller would be perfect . your 11 '' speakers will not fit . 
it is probably sturdy enough to , the sides of the tv will overhang the sides of the shelf . we have a 50 '' on it no problem . you can also remove one of the shelf layers to make it shorter and more stable . 
amazon asked me if i could answer your question because i have the set item . unfortunately , i have not had time to assemble it but , you can call convenience concepts at 1-800-468-6447 and they will be happy to help . they 're nice and very knowledgeable . hope this helps . 
we have a 46 inch on the stand and it works perfectly 
no they are n't adjustable . i suppose if you wanted to add some extra space , you could with your own materials , but otherwise it 's not adjustable . 
i believe it is . i love this stand and havnt had any stability issues with my tv . however , i do n't have one that big , but i still do n't see it being a big issue unless you run into it . 
http : www.go-accsense.com index.php 
yes 
yes 
yes 
5 7 8 '' diameter x 2 1 8 '' high . hole diameter is 2 5 8 '' 
5.875 '' dia and 2 '' high 
approximately 2 1 2 inches 
yes , they are stainless inside also . 
continue to turn and lift past the open position , it will unscrew . 
mine is made in malaysia ... 
7 1 4 '' without lid , 8 '' with the lid 
it fits mine if i pull out the drip tray ( and just barely ) . 
the design is odd , but does clean up easily and keeps the coffee hot ! i like mine and recommend it . i would n't think it the best choice for a driver though . 
i do not know . 
high 1500 , low 750. btu : high 1500 , low 2561 i found these specs by googling the writing on the shipping box ( luckily lazily the heater that i ordered is still sitting inside of the box in by utility room ) . 
it is hot , even on low it will hurt a toddler . great product , but unless is it behind a gate or something like that -- i would be very hesitant to use it around the baby . 
yes , it is supposed to make a lot of noise as the oil inside is heated . once it gets to a certain temp it will be very quiet . 
a room 12x12 . 144 sq ft. not much more 
yes . works great . it 's not really `` off '' but it 's not heating when it does n't need to . 
you can turn the tiner off and run it as you wish 
i 'm not sure there is enough information in your `` question '' , but i 'll give it a whirl . if the lights are still on , it may have just reached the thermostat setting shown on the display . if that is what happened , it will come back on when the temperature falls approximately 2 degrees below your thermostat setting . you may also have set or accidentally set the timer . if the timer is set for 1 in the morning for 12 hours , for example , that is the only time it will come on . check the manual to ascertain how to check this . if no lights show on the display , you have a power problem . plug something else into the receptacle . if that something works , then you have an internal power problem in your heater . you 'll have to contact the manufacturer . if that something does n't work , you need to check to see if you have a breaker thrown . hope this helps . 
mine did n't smell . r u sure it is n't a defect ? 
the one time that i have lost power since i got this i had to reset the thermostat . 
it 's an all metal heater , oil-filled and it works very well . seems to be very heavy duty for it 's price range . 
oops ! i want quite done ! ! here is a snippet from a baking blog : get the right size . pastry bag sizes indicate their length . frustratingly , that tells you almost nothing about the bag . not even a math whiz can calculate the volume of a cone based strictly on its length . but that 's okay , i 've got a cheat sheet : 12 '' bags hold 1 1 2 cups . 16 '' bags hold about four cups and 18 '' bags hold six ( your mileage may vary ) . for detail work , like writing on a cake , go for the 12 '' bag . for piping macarons or cream puffs , use a roomy 18 '' bag so you wo n't need as many refills . i hope this answers your questions ! ! : - ) 
yes . use 50 % power or the defrost setting . start at 45 seconds , take them out and `` squish '' the bag . adjust your time accordingly . if your melts are a little thick , add a little solid vegetable shortening to thin it . 
i have n't but they appear strong enough to do the job . 
no no imprint . these would work but they might be a little too heavy . 
i ordered these pastry bags . they are 18 '' long and about 10 '' wide . 
i 've never used grip2go but from the look of it they seem to look the same . i 've been using daymark hand-e-grip for a long time now . very happy with them and i have bought them in just about every size . 
no they are not . 
i use the wilton couplers and tips with mine . great pastry bag for piping icing 
yes ! you can use bags without tips . just cut a small hole in the tip to start and adjust from there to what you need . 
these are thick . i have not used the wilton ones , but my mil has and said these felt thicker . she said that her wilton ones would sometimes burst at the seams , but i 've never had an issue with these . 
yes , i use these bags for heating candy melts and chocolate in them on a daily basis in my bakery . they can also be heat-sealed at the top if you like to create bags of icings , fillings , ganache , etc with a no-mess , sealed top . i purchased these as a cheaper alternative to kee-seal bags and have been quite pleased with them . they are less expensive than my buying kee-seal bags wholesale . 
yes . its a roll , but they tear into the triangle cone shape . 
these are made in china . 
they do n't say but they 're some type of plastic . slightly thicker then the wilton ones aand definitely not bio degradable unfortunately . i can say that my couplers and tips work just fine . i like 'em . hope that helps . here 's the phone number on box in case you want to call : 1-800-847-0101 
they are 12 inches long so they easily hold several cups . 
which corner do you mean ? the bags are shaped like a cone . the tip of the bag is sealed , and the end of the bag ( the widest part , where you add your icing or whatever ) is open . hope that answers your question . 
yes 
they are closed at the tip . 
yes , you can cut the tip any size . so i would think no tip would work great ! ! i just found them a bit small for what i was doing . 
the bags are clear . 
yes ! absolutely . you cut the plastic tip off to fit whatever tip you intend on using . super easy . i love these bags . 
yes . i have n't encountered any issues with any fillings yet . the bag is extremely thick . 
i 'm not sure why it says 12 '' . i thought that was the length of the box , but it is actually 11.5 '' . the bags themselves are 10 '' wide x 21 '' long . good quality too . 
dear customer , this item is only available on this color . the decorative pillows and the ottoman are white . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear yanina , the fabric of this sofa is made in italy . let me know if you have any other question . regards.. claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
yes , 113.38 '' is the complete length with the 3 seater and the lounge chaise regards ... claudia cudicini . 
when you face the sofa the lounge chase is on the right as the picture and when you are sit on it the lounge chase is on the left , all this is right hand sofa . when you face the sofa the lounge chase is on the left opposite to the picture and when you are sit on it the lounge chase is on the right , all this is left hand sofa . this applies for all our sectional sofas . regards ... claudia cudicini . 
product dimensions : 23.62 '' h x 113.38 '' w x 79.92 '' d regards ... claudia cudicini 
dear customer : product dimensions : 23.62 '' h x 113.38 '' w x 79.92 '' d please let us know if you have any other questions or concern . karen lunger home design hd 
the desk stands 28 inches high . the short end of the desk is the side without the shelves . it is 32 inches long and 15.75 inches wide . the long end of the desk is the side with the shelves and it is 52.5 inches long and 19.75 inches wide . both shelves are 13 inches high and 11.5 inches wide . i hope this helps some . 
15 on the left side 19 on the right side 
unless you can order it in the other direction , i 'm pretty sure that it only has 1 configuration . 
the manual can be found at : http : img1.wfrcdn.com docresources 91 17 175546.pdf 
i have a bad habit of sitting on my furniture and it holds up under my weight ( over 100 lbs ) . i do n't imagine it would have any difficulties holding up under a desk top . if you 're worried though , you could reinforce it with another 2x4 at the joints ... 
yes ! i am very happy . i do the same 
the short angle is 32 x 15 in and the long desk top is about 52x 20 ... the short side comes into the long top making it about the same sixe on each wing ... 
it is very narrow , only enough to put my 13-inch laptop . but the l shape helps if you wan na put more monitors . 
no . in fact i strongly recommend that you not purchase this desk ! ! it is perhaps ( no , it is ) the worst piece of office furniture i 've ever bought , used , or seen ... seriously . i actually feel bad that i have n't yet reviewed it . if i could , i would give it no stars . there were two pieces missing , one being a shelf ( kind of important considering that the side shelves provide most of the stability ) , the other was one of the screws for said shelf . either way , do not purchase this desk , or if you have cancel the order , and if it 's too late to do that , do not attempt to open the package . while opening mine , it was very difficult to `` unwrap '' and i more or less destroyed the packaging while opening it , which left me with no option to return it . one last thing i just thought of , it came without traditional directions , just a picture on the box of how it should be assembled . not a series of pictures , or any explanation as to which size of screw to use here , or which piece of that goes there , get the point ? i 'm glad you asked about this , i hope you 'll take this explanation to heart and save your head ( from aching , lol ) , i can laugh at it now , because i threw it out . even if the desk was all that it claimed to be , it was still going to be a bit shorter than would have been a comfortable fit . good luck in your decision . 
i would guess maybe 5 inches . it has been several months since i bought the product . but it should be about 5 inches thick . 
yes 
18inches high , 34 inches wide , and 21inches deep , with the wooden trays in place . 
yes , they do quite nicely if you stack them one on top if the other . 
yes . 
the only thing inside my ottoman are the hinges . there may have been straps stapled inside as part of the packaging to hold the trays in place during shipping . hope this helps . 
yes , like a glove . 
yes ... it does fit nicely . 
you have to order two ! i misunderstood and thought they came in a pair , so i only ordered one . oops ! 
like 400 , but ive picked up 500 roasting pans and they r fine , they r good thick silicon 
sold as one ( 1 ) single holder . 
i do n't know . i do know it is too wide to fit the skillet i bought . not snug enough ! sloppy to use . 
they are rated up to 450 degrees , but i never leave them on in the oven . i think you would still need potholders to pick up the pan . these are excellent for stove top cooking . 
single . it 's pretty durable so i do n't anticipate needing another one for a while ... . 
i can not say for certain that it fits this model , but i would assume that it does . it also fits on other large skillets that i own , and i find it very helpful . i am glad to have it when removing my large skillet from the oven , so it works very well . 
it fits on but does n't stay put . it slides off the handle every time i 've tried . 
hello nila , there is just one , but slips off so you can use it on another pan . 
i 'm not sure , but it does n't stay on the handle , and offers minimal heat isolation above low-med heat 
one . it fits the 12 '' dutch oven and 12 '' skillet well . kind of loose on the 10 '' dutch oven . btw , buffalo bill , do you live in buffalo ? i grew up there . 
i am not sure what vacuum model you have but it could be one of several issues . the wand pushes into the lower body of the vacuum and at that point it opens or closes a valve to allow you to use the sweeper or the wand , if the wand has no suction it is generally caused by sticky valve or something is lodged in the valve assembly creating the problem . i would also check the hose and make sure nothing is lodged where the hose enters the lower part of the vacuum . the hose on most models unscrews with a 1 2 turn . if you can not get suction you may need to take it in for service . 
it will work great just keep the vacuum on the highest setting . if you do n't think it 's getting all the dirt go to the medium setting . i would not try to go on a low setting . remember that new carpets shed so do n't be alarmed if you see some in the container . hope that helps and congrats on the new carpet ! 
i can not give you any specific dimensions as the handle is contour for easy handling and gripping . however , i can mention that both the main handle at the top and on the canister have a nice textured rubber surface that makes it easier to grip the machine . even if you can not get your hand all the way around the handle , you will still have a solid grip just from the rubber surface on the bottom . hopefully this information helps . 
this vacuum is around 80 db . with the roller not moving 75db . if you want a great vacuum that is around 65 db it gon na cost with some reduction . electrolux ultra silencer is a good low level noise at about 63. it 's a cannister . for an upright , check out the hoover wind tunnel s3670 . it was quite but i did n't feel the umph ! i wish i could tell you more but i am limited to my shopping experiences and research i did . wish i could test them all . hope that helps ! dennis 
i bought this for my home which is a two story house , upstairs carpet and down stairs hardwoods and tile . i returned it after three days . i was hoping for a work horse , with three children and a cat that sheds but i was disappointed . it worked great on carpet but not on solid surface . it was shooting out of the bottom and hitting my feet . 
the brushroll cleaner is precisely the reason i bought this vac ! the long-haired people in my family had killed 3 previous vacuums but this brushroll gets totally cleared of hair every time . a great idea ! 
the cord is not retractable . the reason our vacuum became unreliable has been due to a loose connection . if we pulled slightly on the lead or pushed it slightly into the back of the machine it would work . it maybe a simple loose connection but infuriatingly it seems a huge job to remedy the problem . in short if the lead still comes out of the plastic rotating lug that you wind the lead around i would be worried you would eventually have the same problem we experienced . good luck on your decision . 
there is a small brush attachment and something that looks like a clamp . i 'm not sure what the clamp thing is for . 
it did a great job of picking up cat hair . 
yes , there definitely is and i ordered it direct from electrolux , just called the toll free number , and they actually sent it free to me . i love the vacuum , really does well and so easy to use ! 
no the juice bottle is not glass . this was a disappointment with this set . 
bottle is glass . a nice set ... we have several . 
the leather is not hard enough to get a good imprint . most likely the silver or gold embossing medium would flow and cause a smeared look . sorry wish i could tell you different . 
i am sorry , but we sent it back because the bottom started to flake off and stained the wood burner . 
dear mary ellen , thank you for your inquiry to plow & hearth . there is an enamel coating on the steamer . this prevents and rust on the item . please let me know if i can be of further assistance . sincerely , sarah w-plow & hearth customer service 
it is the same rust-resistant matte black finish on the entire pot . we 've had this for almost a year now and really like it . it 's held up well . we keep it on our propane heating stove ( like a woodstove ) with water in it and i 've never seen it steam but it does but a little more moisture in the air . just a bit of advice -- i would definitely season it with some kind of oil when you first get it ... we used organic coconut oil all over inside and out and `` baked '' it in the kitchen oven on 350 for an hour , and that has made all the difference for maintaining the finish and avoiding rust , etc . 
i do n't have measurements but i do have a high bed and it works perfectly . sorry i do n't have more to offer . 
good morning , audrey . yes , we do have twin sizes . unfortunately , we only have the natural and sage color available through amazon . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good evening antonio , the measurements for the king bedspread is 118 '' w x 118 '' l. i hope you find this information helpful . ~melissa s. - plow & hearth customer service 
it fits my standard king size pillow top mattress comfortably on all sides . 
the weight is 6.10 lbs . 
good morning , sterling . the vendor only provided us with the overall dimensions of 17-1 4 '' w x 10-1 4 '' d x 39-3 4 '' h. big thanks to kimm lieske for providing those dimensions ! adreanna - plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , tg . this item is made out of chinese fir wood . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
it comes completely intact . lighter than you would think , but looks great in my house . 
good morning , monica . the item measures 17-1 4 '' w x 10-1 4 '' d x 39-3 4 '' h. i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good morning mary k. the dimensions for the small distressed wood boat cabinet are 17-1 4 '' w x 10-1 4 '' d x 39-3 4 '' h. i hope you find this information helpful . - meghan , plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , kris . the dimensions are 20 '' w x 22 '' d x 72 '' h. i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna - plow & hearth customer service 
hi bonnie , i am sorry for any confusion this has caused . this item only comes with the dog crate . the drawers with this item are no longer available . therefore , the dog crate will be 20 '' wide . i hope this information is helpful . - crystal , plow & hearth customer service 
good afternoon kt . yes , this item does require some assembly . i hope this information is helpful to you . meghan - plow & hearth . 
good morning , leonard . we 're working on editing the product description because it is confusing . however , the drawers are sold out and discontinued . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , ryan . you 're only receiving the side unit and the dog crate . the drawers are not included . the dimensions are correct . i apologize for any confusion . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , patricia . you 're only receiving the side unit and the dog crate . the drawers are not included . the dimensions are correct . i apologize for any confusion . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good afternoon ryan . unfortunately , the mudroom side unit with drawers is not currently available for purchase through amazon . i apologize for any inconvenience . meghan - plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , ryan . yes , if you purchase two units they will flush together perfectly . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , dan . the dimensions of the unit is 20 '' w x 22 '' d x 72 '' h. we would recommend keeping a small sized dog in the crate . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
i think about 6 ' 
this is the 120v pump . chugger has a 220v model on their website , though . 
yes you can use it up to 250 degrees i believe . 
no , not really . these type of pumps can cavitate , i think i have only seen small diaphram pumps that are self priming for these kind of small food grade beer pumps . however it works great and primes easily when the pump is even slightly below your liquid . this works the same way as the march pumps of similar design but seems a bit stronger faster . 
this pump has no speed control but flow control when installed a ball valve at the outlet . it does not matter if the mixture gets stuck . the pump can stop completely with the engine running without problems . i 've closed the ball valve many times , or i 've reduced the flow without problems . the connection between the pump and the motor is magnetic and non mechanical . 
while there are no speed settings , you can put a ball valve on the output . doing this will give you flow control . never restrict the input . 
yes 
do n't understand what you are asking ? pump weight and dimensions ? 
the pump should be placed a the lowest point so that when you open the valves on both ends , gravity allows the liquid to flow into the pump . the unique thing about this pump is that it is magnetically driven so that pump motor is not physically connected to the pump mechanism . instead a rotating magnet spins the mechanism therefore the possibility of it ceasing is not really there . very cool design . after each use , i remove the head for cleaning and storage . 
usa 
entire pump 
no , but you should occasionally lubricate it with sae 20 non detergent oil 
yes , and the box are small . like 30x20x20 cm . 
yes they do make a 220 230v version of this pump , homebrewstuff does not carry them in stock but if you would like to order one you can call and ask for josh r. at ( 208 ) 375-2559 , if yo call in i can get one ordered for you . 
short answer ... no . however , i have heard anecdotal evidence that with a good converter , it will run fine . it would be best if you are in a country with 3 prong grounded wall sockets though . 
that 's a good question . these pumps are designed for use with high temp liquids . chugger may make a pump to handle what you want but you would be better off contacting them directly . chugger pumps , 5044 industrial road , suite c farmingdale , nj 07727 phone : ( 866 ) 921-1340 email : shop @ chuggerpumps.com 
yes , the pump and motor come together . i ordered from the link in the amazon ad . not sure what happened to the first guy and he never updated his review . 
i ordered from the same listing and received the pump and head for the price listed . 
these are hard plastic ... or maybe fiberglass . very nicely made . very happy with them 
i looked again at my previous order ( back in april of 2013 ) and i ordered 12 plates . they were $ 3.49 each at that time , so i do n't know what you will get for $ 11.99 . maybe four plates . do n't really know . if there 's a way for you to contact the seller directly i would do so . one thing for sure . i felt that the look of the product under a serving plate was certainly worth $ 3.49 each . 
i looked back on my order ( from anna 's linens ) and i paid $ 3.49 for each plate . very nice quality and looks great on the table . 
13 .5 '' 
i believe 13 '' . 
yes 
no , not more than usual . 
26 1 4 inches 
48 inches wide , 28 inches deep and 36 inches high . 
the shelf can be taken out , yes . i 've taken it out for my tower and used it as a shelf for my subwoofer . the cubby is tall enough , but not deep enough , and part of your tower will hang out , as does mine . i have a board underneath to protect the bottom , though . 
yes , and the holes for the screws are hidden as well by a thin vinyl coating on the desk that you normally have to pierce with screws . so if you do not add the shelf it wo n't look weird . it 's a complicated desk to put together but overall very good . 
i never got this so i can not help you . sorry . i ordered it and it was never sent to me . i was pretty bummed . 
yes . mine came in twenty seperate packages . 
should no problem . all in all good desk . 
mine said canon and looked like the real thing . 
about 12oz 
yes , it is ! 
yes , it is amazing on the edges , it 's got a little brush that comes out of the side and sucks in the dirt from the edges of your carpet and your baseboard , looks like your carpet has been shampooed after you 're done vacuuming . clearly the best vacuum i 've ever used . so powerful ! 
my wife requested that we go back to a bagged version of sweeper as she found there was a lot more work involved in dumping loose dust that went everywhere , and cleaning filters , sponges , bins etc . on this sweeper the bag is also the filtration unit and you change it when the light comes on . we have had ours about 4 months and so far the bag has not needed changing . this bag is the easiest that i have ever installed ( it has a very unique loading mechanism ) , as well as a air freshener that installs below the bag if you wish . my wife also wanted a light machine as she has trouble with her arthritis , and this unit filled that wish as well . the reason for the light weight as well as the good suction is a new technology of motor that is utilized . the only negative that we have noted so far is that you do not have any attachments that can be used on these units , so you might need to consider that before you purchase it . hope this helps . 
sue , it has two adjustments -- one for carpeting , and the other for hard floors . i 'm not sure if it would work on throw rugs ; we do n't have any here ( handicap household ) . you might want to check with corinne zeimet [ czeimet @ mysoniclean.com ] and ask your question there . sorry i ca n't help further . i love this vacuum ; it 's perfect for my needs . perhaps corinne or someone at soniclean can make a suggestion for you if this is not the best model for you . hope that helps . pat 
no tools included and nothing else that can be purchased separately . sorry ! 
not quite sure what your question is , but it works very well on carpet . mats and area rugs can get sucked up because it has great suction . it has two settings , one for carpet and one for hard floors . 
the galaxy has upgraded finishes , and a 5 year motor warranty . the vtplus has a 3 year motor warranty . those are the major differences between the two . 
i do n't know , but i think so 
not my bed 
the bottom plate , part is metal and part heavy plastic , depending on which part you are talking about , the brush roll is a good 12 inches long 
ca n't say about shag ... have n't had had shag since the '60 's . it has two settings - high and low and does great on full pile carpet and sucking up kitty litter off linoleum floors . 
unfortunately we are unable to ship to canada through amazon . i would recommend checking at your local bed bath and beyond store , as we do sell this item to that retailer . thank you . 
not sure . probably china . . 
the hole in the lid that you drink from has a plastic piece that slides over to seal it shut . 
no 
we bought them and threw them away as they leaked when you sipped them . junk - find something better ! 
yes . do not put in dishwasher though 
i ca n't tell you off the top of my head as i gifted these , but it was similar -- if not a bit larger -- than a standard white wine glass . 
i received 2 cups with 2 lids . love them ! made great gifts too ! 
how would i know ! 
yes , it is a licensed product . mine are marked with the fiesta logo dancing lady on the glass lids , handles , and bottom of the pan . 
yes , i still enjoy using this cookware . the coating prevents most sticking issues , especially if preheating and avoiding cooking oils when possible . 
yes it can be washed in the dishwasher but i usually hand wash . 
the answer is absolutely no . this description is from fiesta 's own website . 11 piece cookware set scarlet ( 710 ) set contains : - 1qt covered saucepan - 2qt covered saucepan - 3qt covered casserole - 2.5qt covered skillet w lh - egg expert - 8 '' frypan - 11 '' frypan healthy ceramic non-stick thermolon interior ptfe , pfoa , lead + cadmium free oven & broiler safe up to 850 & # 8457 ; , glass lids up to 450 & # 8457 ; product imported from china 
according to homerlaughlin dot com it is not induction capable . the masquerade fiesta cookware is induction capable . 
yes you can . every part that would or could get debris dirt in it can be removed for cleaning . a very well thought out engineered design . 
i have 1 dog and 1 cat the machine was incredibly easy to take apart and clean after use.all the suction parts are easily accessible to remove hair.the shampooer even sucked up sand out of the carpeting that the vacuum did n't get . i have used it 3 times and very happy with it.. you can also look on youtube to see demonstrations on how to take it apart and clean the unit . 
no but i have found that if you remove the brush assembly and then go back over the carpet , the vacuum is more powerful and picks up the excess water in the carpet even better 
yes , use the bio-kleen carpet & rug shampoo concentrate . it does an excellent job removing spots and stains , and leaves a slight citrus scent after you are finished . works very well , no chemicals . 
the cord is 20 feet long . 
because it is a motor , you will not be able to get its full potential using 50 hertz power . it will still work just not at rated speed . 
i use the wash cycle at the beginning of cleaning my carpets , followed by a rinse cycle after the shampooing is done . i will usually do one cycle of each , unless an area is super soiled . then i will do two wash cycles ( make sure to soak up excess water between each wash and each rinse cycle to keep the carpets from getting over-soaked ) and then two rinse cycles . this seems to work as my carpets are amazingly clean ... ..even cleaner than with the `` professional '' rented machines out there ! ! ! 
no , but the tank is clear and you can easily see that it 's low . 
that 's what i do , i 've had no problems leaving the cleaning solution in and just emptying the dirty water out . 
if you are referring to modern berber carpets made of nylon , olefin fiber , or wool they are rugged of design and the answer is yes . however , if you are referring to traditional berber carpets the answer depends on the type , size , weight , and if the carpet is restrained . in general they are not compatible with machine scrubbing . certain types , e.g . tufted loops definitely would be damaged and exotic carpets e.g . beni quarain that uses `` live-wool '' is another definite no ! there may be exceptions but if the carpets are not restrained the danger of grabbing and pulling the carpet toward the brushes is not worth the risk . 
they say something like 9 months , i change mine 4 months , because of pets.. it is awesome.. we went out of town for 5 weeks and came home to a fresh smelling house 
according to the booklet , when to replace the hepa filter depends on hours used , air quality , and location of the unit . in most cases the unit will need to be replaced annually , and it should be changed after the 'change filter ' light comes on . for best performance change the carbon pre-filter every 3 months . it warns specifically : `` caution , do not wash and reuse the true hepa filter or the carbon pre-filter as they will not work effectively . '' having said that , i have vacuumed the carbon pre-filter with a vacuum cleaner attachment since it collects a huge amount of dust . i have n't needed to change the hepa yet . 
sorry , i have no idea . suggest you talk to the manufacturer to see the difference . sorry ! 
mine did not come with it 
no , the plasmawave feature is always on when the unit is running . there is no separate on off for it . 
i found the ratings in their product manual on their website . smoke - 197 dust - 197 pollen - 214 these values are in cubic feet per minute and represent the clean air delivery rate into the room that would be required to reduce the contaminants by the same amount as the air purifier . https : s3.amazonaws.com winix-production-1 spree products manuals 000 000 002 original freshome_series_user_manual.pdf ? 1397750910 
it does n't say on the amazon description but mines came with 4 extra carbon filters . 
yes but under 0.05ppm ... . http : urbanclinic.net 2011 08 13 what-you-need-to-know-about-ozone-and-air-purifiers 
you can turn off the plasmawave by holding the auto button for 3 seconds . 
it sucks air in from the sides and blows it out the top . i keep mine about a foot from the wall . 
yes 
not much . i bought the 5300 version for my office at work and this p300 for home . i think it is the style and look honestly . i had the same question when i was buying the 5300 for work and all filtration layers and technology seemed the same . the p300 has the air intake on the sides where the 5300 intake is in the front both discharge out the top . 
there is some light , but its not as bright as other purifiers i have . its a weak green light . i took it out of the bedroom , though , because the motor makes a frequency range noise i do n't like while trying to sleep . 
no . the sides are where the intake vents are located . this would cut the airflow in half and make the purifier not as effective . it also would be really unstable as the sides are not square . 
hepa filter is every year and the pre-filter is every 3months . 
the plasmawave seems to make a slight buzzing noise on mine , but if i turn plasmawave off ( hold the auto button for 3 seconds ) that noise goes away . 
size 17 ( 113050 ) . http : www.amazon.com winix-size-replacement-filter-113050 dp b00e4vvc2g ref=pd_sim_hg_3 
according to the product description on amazon `` aham room size rating of 150 sq . ft '' 
yes you can ... . 
no , when you power it back on it will revert back to ( auto-quiet ) and will change speeds as determined by air quality . 
the filters can initially be vacuumed , but at some point they do need to be replaced . we have been quite satisfied with the performance of our units . when one ( we have five units ) failed , the unit was replaced without a problem . 
i bought two units six months ago and both are in high dust and dander areas ( next to litter boxes in a house of four cats ) and i have not had to replace the filters yet . great design and quiet as well . 
i think it would work well . it 's also very quiet 
today the filters recommended in another question are $ 59.99 . 
i just bought the one from costco today and from what i read the 150 has a plastic frame for fitting the filters and the 151 from costco does n't . rest seems to be the same . 
yes ! 
the primary handle can be used without protection . the 'helper ' handle can not . 
it 's heavy . but super . if you really want to use it everyday , get the largest size . im still mad i got the 10 inch . great pan . read how to use it properly 
mine was marked as manufactured in france . 
rim to rim , cook surface is closer to 8 '' . it 's a great pan btw ! 
bill , no . wood or plastic . this pan though , especially as it get seasoned , is super ! 
you can order a glass lid from lecreuset.com i had several other lids that fit my frypan 
i think most any tablet will fit as long as its 10 inches its a snug fit 
yes it can stand up both ways . & # 128522 ; 
it expands to about 2 '' , so there should be plenty of room to keep a letter sized note pad , papers & notes . 
not sure how big the ms tablet is , but i fit my ipad air fits in it with a little bit of room left . i love this binder pad , great for work and love that the tablet is on the front with easy access and magnetic closure . 
no - it is a recessed area for the ipad to be in the binder , so a square would not fit on without removal ( i have a square so i know what you are trying to do ) . in being recessed it does offer protection for the ipad and the magnetic cover works well . i never had any protection issues . 
i honestly do n't know . i have an ipad 3 and it works fine . i looked on a number of other sites including samsill and they all say it fits the ipad . no specifics on what model . sorry i ca n't be of more help . 
hi , as per samsill : features quick access front pocket with smart magnetic closure designed for ipad and other 10.1 '' tablets . thanks , pcrush 
if you have hard water ( high mineral content ) they all leave a white residue -- it 's the result of the water evaporating leaving the calcium carbonate and other minerals in the water . the exception is units built into a hvac system that only evaporate part of the water and wastes the remainder . i have soft water , but eventually there is a minor amount of residue present . i do n't notice it on the floors or surrounding areas , but i 've cleaned the top of the two units i have once in three or four years . the units are very quiet . i hope this helps . 
katrin , the unit is very silent . it does n't have the noisey fan like a wet spong humidifier . i do n't have a db rating but it is easy to sleep with . 
the original unit has lasted well over a year . the additional unit was for the new baby 's room . that 's the best answer i can give you- hope it helps 
i use mine in a 20x12 with ( 8 ' ceilings ) room and it seems to work well . i have n't done relative humidity measurements . 
how can i download the owners manual ? 
adjust the moisture level dial . 
what cartridge do you change . or do you change a filter ? where can i buy them ? 
2 inches high ; 5 inches wide 
i think these held about 1 cup . or 8oz . not positive but they were comparable to my pyrex containers that hold 1 cup . 
arc international luminarc white working glass lids for double old fashioned cooler glass , set of 6 i purchased this set of extra lids before , but can not find the amazon listing now . so i went into `` my order '' and pretended to want to reorder , then a message came up that this item is currently unavailable . 
no 
i stack them with the lids on . i would n't stack them with the lids off as they could get stuck . 
i 've ordered 6 extra covers for the glasses , but never the bowls ... sorry . good luck and god bless ! 
answer here ... i am still waiting for working glass and bowl lids to become available again -- no one in the company seems to know . i check back once a month . i will be wise enough to stock up next time ! ! 
16 oz . 
yes ! i freeze food in them and then put them in the sink with cool water running and it thaws nicely , and the water does n't get inside . 
i just tried c & b and they only have the 9 '' lids . what is worse , arc int'l . does n't even stock the lids separately for the 5.5 '' bowl . i 've contacted everyone ! and i need 20 ! 
yes 
if the other reviewers would use a measuring cup they would find that these glasses hold exactly 16oz ... now if you are pouring something other than water in , like beer or soda , they will hold 12 to 13 oz with a head . but to answer your question , yes they are 16 oz glasses . 
they 're pretty darn sturdy so far ... good thick walls . not the heaviest i 've had , but close . 
i do n't think they 'd break , but they would most likely be too hot to hold . 
they 're flat , but they have like a very small rim in the circumference . if you 're asking to find out if they 're stable . they are fairly stable . 
they are standard bar `` pint '' glasses for draft beer . 2 1 2 bottom 3 1 2 top 
they are 13.75 ounces each . 
sure , they seem fine . 
i have pored hot coffee into glass and no problems yet and yes ice water is fine too . 
just under 6 inches tall . definitely worth the buy ! i bought a box and etched them with glass etching cream and they 're all sill holding up great ! 
holds approx 9 cups . measures 3.5 inches high and almost 9 inches across . heavy , very sturdy . love it for salads , nice enough to serve out of on a table . 
no , they are not oven safe . dishwasher , microwave and freezer safe . 
9 inch ... a very good strong bowl with nice snap on tight lids 
hi -- i need one as well and ca n't find it on the web . were you successful ? thanks ! 
sorry i do n't have an answer for you.i use them for dog dishes and they are great for that.if you need the covers know they are very very tight . 
http : www.healthygreenkitchen.com homemade-kombucha-recipe.html 
my bottle is 5 liters , i use 10 tea bags-5 black tea , 5 green tea , 1 cup white sugar , 1 cup white vinegar at the end . then cover with cheese cloth and rubber band , and put away in the pantry for about two weeks . clearly , you do n't have to fill the whole 2 gallon bottle , try 1 1 2 ( 6cups ) . maybe add a little more sugar for food and leave plenty of time . good luck ! john 
there 's a yahoo group about kombucha that is a great source of info . there 's a website kombucha mama ( i think that 's what she calls herself ) that is also great . i use the continuously brewing method with ordinary grocery store green tea and good ole white sugar in a water dispenser crock . i use a plain cloth diaper as a lid ( the scoby needs air and dark ) and keep it on a shelving unit in a closet . i keep the closet door open a tiny bit so it gets the air it needs . you can find lots of info via a google search but i 'm just giving you the bare basics so you can tell if the info you find is not bogus . do n't use a clear glass jar because i do n't think it 'll keep the brewing kombucha dark enough . 
they do n't need to be refrigerated , they live at room temp best , the fridge slows them down and puts them into a static zone . bag it up with lots of ziplock packaging , put it in your checked baggage , may look weird and be hard to describe to security ... haha . 
it does n't come with kombucha tea , or at least it did n't when i ordered it months ago . i was confused by this this when i first started as well . you can actually use white vinegar instead of the kombucha tea for your first batch . you can then use the tea you get from the first batch for your subsequent batches . also , one thing i was nervous about was purchasing kombucha tea to use it for the first batch . i had heard mixed theories about this online , and some people felt pretty strongly that the kombucha you get from the store would could ruin your batch . i never tried it , and the vinegar seemed to work just fine for me . hope this helps . 
if something is sterile it has been treated , usually boiled , to kill microbes etc . one of the points of enjoying foods like kombucha , kimchi , yogurt , kefir , even blue cheese is that these are live foods . kombucha is covered with cheese cloth while fermenting ; the yeast and other airborne microbes pass right through . the scoby provides the starter medium for the organisms that eat the sugar during fermentation . consuming foods like these help restore the balance of our natural intestinal flora which do the actual job of breaking down the nutritional elements in foods making them available to pass through the intestinal wall into the circulatory system . it 's thought that many of our foods exposed to pesticides-herbicides , raised with antibiotics , treated with preservatives act as biome disrupters . so , no the scoby is probably not sterile ; but like the agar in a petri dish it provides the growing medium for the beneficial flora we want to consume . i have n't read anything where someone has actually cultured and tried to identify what 's in kombucha . that would be interesting . any microbiologists out there ? i have read that just one of the species we support-bifidobacillus-can be between 10 to the 9th and 10 to the 12th individuals per linear inch of gut . so there 's alot of happy little bugs in there . enjoy ! 
no 
as kombucha is a live drink . i find that one gallon batches last most of a week , so i have two one gallon batches going with different finish dates . it keeps the drink fresh . 
it should be safe , but im no expert . as long as you do n't have mold , it 's really more a matter of where you like the flavor to be . this changes with longer brew . also , will you do a secondary brewing cycle with flavoring ? or just drinking it ? my go to measurement ( other than ph of 4 or below ) is to try some ! sounds like you are on the fresh side for my tatse , but every set up will find its own rate ... i personally like a 10-12 day original brew , with a couple days of secondary w flavoring , before i drink or refrigerate them . i have one now at 18 days in the jar ill be using as a substitute for vinegar in salad dressing and possibly meranade . 
yes . i cut mine in half with scissors to give a piece to a friend . worked great . 
i would say not , the glass carrafe is the only thing contacting the water , there may be a metal spring in the lid that pops up , but you can avoid touching the lid when pouring . btw after i returned my defective unit , they sent me a replacement which has not had any problems for about 4 months now ... 
so far , it is very easy . the instructions say that hot water and soap are all you need . i know it is not dishwasher safe , so i have been running water in the pot , a splash of soap , rinse . 
i dont know what the difference is , but i just love my kettle . if i dropped it right this minute , i 'd be online buying a new one . we use it for everything-no complaints and you ca n't beat the price . a little kitchen work horse ! 
that is the on off switch . set the pot on the heating unit and push down on the handle ... it will cut off automatically . i love it ! ! ! ! 
this kettle boils water quickly , perhaps two tea cups worth in several minutes . however , we have had this kettle less than a year and are shopping for a different model . the small latch that keeps the lid closed and opens it for filling is now broken . other reviews mention this problem , and i am surprised that chef 's choice has not changed the hinge on the lid . so the answer is , the water boils quickly but the unit may not last ! 
sorry , but it could n't tell if it 's an older model . 
yes 
i bought this for a friend , but she said she adds a little vinegar to the water which seems to clean off the deposits . 
yes 
not sure if it bpa free or not , cause have bought mine a few years ago , so do n't have a package . the lid is plastic inside . it can contact the water if you pour too too much and it is boiling and touching the lid . if you add regular amount of water , it does n't happen . yes , you need to open the lid to pour water . 
must be mounted on a wall . 
i absolutely still love it . it 's easy to keep clean and keeps everything tidy and out of the way . i have left one of my curling irons on all day , accidentally of course , and there was no damage to any part of the storage unit or any of my other hair tools . 
cords coil up nicely inside the box except when you pull them through a slot in the top when using a devise . all of them plug into a central outlet inside the box . 
i 'm sure it is -- the box is wood . it comes painted white but there 's no reason you could n't change that . 
the biggest hole is 2 3 4 inch diameter snd is meant for the hairdryer but i guess you could fit something that was two inches wide in it instead - the other holes are smaller do i doubt it 
mine did come already assembled . it had instructions on hoe to assemble it and i do not know why they put them in there but it was assembled and painted . all we had to do was hang it up and put my appliances in 
the closed dimensions are : 14.5 '' length x 7 '' depth x 10 '' height 
the blow dryer holder has a 3 '' diameter and is 2.5 '' deep 
the flat iron one is big enough for my 1-inch revlon model to fit when closed . the curling iron holes are about 3 inches in diameter . hope this helps . i love this thing . 
first you release the cord from its clip . then you turn the knob to release the cord ( like your vacuum cleaner ) . after that , you can pull the curling iron out of the tube and begin to use it . 
hi margaret , this purchase was the for a twin bed . it hangs nicely . just like the picture of it on the site . sorry that i could n't help . 
hi , alejandro : i bought this for my daughter and it comes just the comforter . 
this is a twin full comforter only 
it is black on the back . the top part is a thin black board you hammer into the wood , like bookshelves you assemble . there is also a 2 inch precut hole in that board for cords . hope that helps . i thought it was nice for the money . 
the center box square is small but deep . the measurements are 6 1 2 h x 14 1 2 l. you could easily use a laptop on it while it was open . 
yes . but do n't waste your money . 
product dimensions : d 16 x w 31 x h 41 inches ; 50.6 pounds 
yes , assembly is required ... .not quite at ikea 's level of assembly , but it will take about an hour to put together . all hardware is included . 
wood . it 's lovely but i ca n't use . 
yes -- but the backs are unfinished . 
the product dimensions can be found on the manufacturers website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments functional % 20drawing-9358096.pdf 
no . the top is hollow . when i got mine it had a huge hole in it from being crushed and altra would not replace it . 
i felt they wher disappointingly shallow . they are about 13 inches high 9 inches deep , and 11 1 2 inches wide . 
mine is was espresso 
mine was `` rich black '' and or a very dark brownish color . 
all of the visible edges and sides are finished - the unfinished stuff is covered up very well by finished stuff . 
the product dimensions can be found on the manufacturers website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments functional % 20drawing-9358096.pdf 
the product dimensions can be found on the manufacturers website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments functional % 20drawing-9358096.pdf 
i am home right now and cant measure it . but i do not recommend this furniture as the pieces you assemble do not fit properly . i have 2 of these and regret buying them . 
the vertical rails are moveable , so you should have no problem 
yes . mine is at the highest setting . the top of the 37 '' tv is at about 50 inches from the floor . it looks like i could move it down only about 6 '' then it would be at its lowest point . 
yes , several lengths . 
it 's under 4 foot . it 's average eye level when sitting down . so it 's ok for the price paid at the time 
honestly do n't buy this , i had bought it and as soon as i put my tv on it the whole brace broke . it 's made of that cheap wood , and it 's also really short . i do not recommend it 
no , if you do that mount wo n't hang on tv stand . go home depot or lowe 's and see if they have pre-drilled strip metal dont spend over $ 10 . she may want to carry tv plate with her . otherwise order new universal tv plate from amazon ( $ 15-20 bucks ) . 
i use mine with a 48 '' tcl roku tv without incident ( so far ) . if the unit is going to remain in one place and not be moved often , it should be ok. the new led tvs are much lighter than their older plasma & lcd counterparts . if your tv weighs less than 75 pounds i think it might be ok. the only problem i had with assembling this unit was with the `` feet '' that screw on to the bottom of the base . the provided screws were ridiculous for this task . i had to find larger screws and use those . hope this helps ! merry christmas ! 
unfortunately not . only one slot for glass slot but it is placed perfectly . 
totally , it comes with quarter inch feet on the bottom . the base is around 2.25 feet square ( ish ) . 
in inches : 18.5 w x 19.25 d x 27.5 h. that is the interior of the cabinet . but , after assembly , the hinges on the side extend into the opening 1.125 inches & there is a lip at the top of the face frame which extends down 0.375 inches . 
yes it will . i have a huge audio receiver in there . 
i use it for the same purpose . i did not put the thin cardboard back on so the heat could escape and all the wiring could be hidden . still looks great and works as advertised . 
yes . 
works through the glass just fine . 
the main surface is definitely strong enough , especially over the smaller shelving . 
desk table part is almost 24 '' deep . 47 '' long . 59 '' high at book shelf end and 30 '' high at table . i did not mount it to the wall , but would be more stable . i use mine for laptop and have all sort of stuff in cubby holes . 
the table 's height is 30 inches . the widest point is close to 4 ft wide . 
yes it does . it is very nice and ergonomically sound . 
large rectangular box . dimensions should be in details of item on amazon . box was around 2.5'x5.5 ' this is a guestimation as we purchased over a yr ago . 
? if an adult is planning to stand on the furniture regularly , i would n't recommend it . but my 70lb daughter sits on it ( albeit not right in the middle ) fairly often and it does n't seem to be a problem . it 's basically like a thin ( like a closet ) door fastened between three bookcases . we have two for kids ' bedrooms and love them . 
i just ordered this desk so i was wondering the same thing . here 's what i found : the cubbies measure approximately 9 inches deep x 11.5 inches wide x 15.25 inches high . i do n't have it yet.. but i 'll confirm when i get it ! 
i think you probably could as long as the bolts are n't too deep . the table part is 1.5 '' deep and there is 29 '' width between the two shelves for a keyboard . hope that helps ! 
sure you could ! all you 'd need to do would be to put in the back panel up front . i wo n't be pretty but if you 'll have it in a nook it should be covered and just fine ! 
yes 
there are seams around each of the cups . 
the label says made in china . they are not made in the u.s. , sadly . 
the label says made in china . they are not made in the u.s. , sadly . 
i have only used paper cup inserts- so no knives needed . if you greased the insides before putting in food they should come out pretty clean- but that would add extra cleaning needed . even with the cups the oils bleed through so i clean each hole with a bottle brush . you 'd have to at least rinse and wipe dry a cast iron one as well . 
i 'm sorry , the packaging is long gone and it 's not stamped on the item itself . i have been using these since last year and really like them . they are heavy duty , clean up well and makes cooking mini 's a breeze now i can put both trays in oven at the same time . 
jessica , our specific amazon store does not . i apologize for the inconvenience ! 
i no longer have any paperwork , but i can tell you that it is a nice pan . i am a confirmed stainless steel user-cookware and bakeware . it is safe , cleans up in the dishwasher . i periodically use an sos pad to get any discolorations off and it stays looking new . hope this helps 
i do n't know . it 's not marked . i am , however , very happy with the product . : ) 
1 5 8 '' top 1 1 8 '' bottom . just measured ours . 
the use and care instructions that came with this do not mention anything about temperature . 
yes . no problems there . 
it is 19.5w x 32h , interior depth is about 19 and 1 4 inches . only the last shelf at the bottom uses the full measurement of the depth , , the other two shelves leave a gap behind them of about 3.5 inches . 
i would n't recommend it . it 's not the sturdiest cabinet because it 's a media cabinet . the back is just cardboard with cutouts for your cables . also the top , which is very pretty , is veneer so the fridge would probably end up damaging it . 
it 's pretty sturdy . 70 lbs should be fine as long as the footprint of the fridge fits . 
not sure . we just have a stereo turntable on top . 
yes there is one big hole for each rack . 
18.5 inches 
it 's not tall enough for two rows . one , yes . 
i did n't think there 's much difference the top is cherry and it has a glass door i have mine in the bedroom and it fits great a like the glass door it lets me use the remotes without getting up . the style is great and has plenty of room for the wires . i also like the shelves they have a pin in the back so when you wire things up the shelves do n't fall out . i hope this helps you . i like it so much i 'm getting ready to buy another one . 
the top is 22 '' wide by 21 '' deep . it 's 32 '' tall . the top overhangs by about 3 4 inch on all sides . it 's really very nice . 
it 's about 4 feet tall but i do n't recommend it it 's cheaply made you are better off going to idea and paying the same price and get a better product 
hi mary -- the drawers are 31 1 2 wide x 14 deep and 5 inches high . 
i am not sure but the wood for the drawers is thin . i would not recommend this , it does fit together as it should and one of my drawers is messed up because it did not fit together well . i try not to use it . they also come off track easily when pulling them open . 
no . it would n't be . 
my husband battled with it . 1 of the dressers is great , we are still have problems with 2 drawers on one of the dressers . i think there is something wrong with the tracks . 
do n't pay it piece so crap , hard to build could not get drawers right 
i purchased two of these dressers and they are rather dark , depending on what light they are in . i assembled them in my living room and they looked very black . we have a cherry wood ( the darker cherry wood ) armorie and our beds head and foot board is also cherry wood . once we put the dressers in the bedroom then they did n't seem to be as dark and they did balance out color wise with the mixture of the darker cherry wood and the dressers . but yes , they are darker than the photos show . the hardware can be replaced due to the holes being drilled for standard handles . hope this helps ! 
the screw holes were n't aligned correctly , drawers would n't slide in and lay correctly , top dresser drawer was painted upside down and the brackets would n't hold the front cover of drawer together , had to create own screw & nail holes 
it 's manufactured in china . i asked norpro customer service by email and they answered me the next business day . 
yes , they can . 
2.25 in wide 4.25 in long 
each holds about 1 4 cup . 
600 sq . ft . 
yes it can be turned off ... 
when you turned off ionizer , the uv light is turned off at the same time . 
not sure on shelf life , but i 've kept mine in the frig over a year and it is fine . just make it is well sealed so it does n't pick up other flavors . i have two fridges so i keep it with the beverages . hope this helps some . 
we ship this product year round though it can melt during shipping to elevated temperatures . we just do n't offer any guarantees against melting . each tub is wrapped and sealed in clear plastic bags for cleanliness and extra stability during shipment . hydrogenated shortening melts between 117 f and 119 f ( 47 c and 48 c ) and should solidify once cooled . 
we have shipped to mexico , but be aware that the shortening may melt during transit . 
i googled sweetex because i was not familiar with it & they are the same products . 
i 'm not sure about 'sweeten ' , but i think it 's the same as sweetex . i 've been using this for about a year now and have been very pleased . 
company says that it may come into contact with machinery that processes or packages gluten products . 
sorry , i have no idea . i 'm just a consumer like you and have no idea . you probably need to contact the manufacturer . 
yes it does , the ingredients are : hydrogenated soybean and cottonseed oils , with mono and diglycerides added . 
we generally ship usps ( priority to parcel select ) , but it depends on where we 're shipping to . on occasion we have used fedex as well . 
i am unable to help ... i returned the iron immediately ... it leaked constantly 
1200 w 120 v 60 hz 
the dimensions of the box that the iron comes in are - 10 1 4 long x 4 3 8 wide x 5 3 4 high . 
yes 
honestly , this purchase was a waste of my money . during my first use , water was spitting all over the place and left white flaky residue all over my close . the bottom of the iron is very tacky and did not iron smoothly over my clothes . also , this iron is very light , but not in a good way . it is light in a `` poor quality , cheap '' kind of way . i guess you get what you paid for . none the less , disappointed . sorry , i do n't think i actually answered your question about how to clean it , but if you can i 'd just return it and buy something better . 
while the mfr . recommends pouring tap water from a cup , i merely hold the iron under the tap to fill . 
no ... .no auto off feature . 
it has a 1200 watt heating element . 
been a while ... not sure what plastic attachment came in box . but maybe it has something to do with the horrible leakage issues associated with using this iron ! ! ! ! 
31.25 '' high 23.25 '' wide 
yes we hung it on a stone wall with no problems . 
yes . the jersey will be a little longer than the case , but i simply folded it under . it looks nice . 
i do n't know the exact dimensions , but i was able to fit a large army dress shirt in it , but had to fold the arms on top . it is a pretty good size . 
depth is 3 4 inch 
it would appear to be plexiglass . 
i recently purchased this scale with the intention of weighing small packages to mail . i did test its weighing accuracy with another digital scale , & it was almost the same reading - within 1 10th on an ounce . you can choose the unit of weight . i only used it in lb : oz setting . it does have a fluid oz unit setting . you can weigh your container , then clear the on tare weight to reset to '0 ' , then add your foods into onto your container . the display will show the item weight since your last clear . when you are finished , clear the weight , & remove your container from the scale . the total weight including your original container will display briefly . i wrote down the weight of the container , then subtract it from the total . because i am using the scale to weigh packages , it is hard to see the screen underneath the larger package . thats why i reset the weight to '0 ' then remove my package . if you are weighing smaller amounts where the screen is not obstructed , then the weight reading is the weight of the item ( s ) since the last clear . the scale is durable however , it is not sealed against spills getting underneath the sides . another thing i have noticed . the scale will turn itself off after no activity in a few seconds . i can not comment on its life expectancy . so far so good . judy 
yes 
to tell you the truth ... it never worked . 
yes ! included . 
`` use 3xaaa batteries . '' that 's what it says in the description anyway ... 
not very long at all . that 's actually one of my complaints . mine shuts off in less than 30 seconds ... 
i 'm not sure i understand the question . the heater does not have an internal battery . it is powered by the golf cart batteries . we do not use our cart on on golf course . ours is used to `` tour '' our neighborhood . we routinely run about 30 minutes a day . with a full charge on our batteries and running the heater for the entire time , our batteries end up around 3 4 of a full charge . 
the dimensions are : 5 3 4 '' l x 4 1 2 '' w x 4 '' h 
this is not a heater that that can be carried in and simply hooked to batteries and off you go . mounting requires drilling holes , wiring requires you to open battery compartment , remove nuts on battery connections , and then rewiring with new terminals . 
no it is foam inside , so i 'd say it weighs about 20 pds . if that . 
i keep mine folded at the foot of my bed , usually it acts as a bench or even a table ( i keep a plant on it ) . it 's firm and a comfortable height to sit or put your feet up on . it 's wide enough that sitting cross-legged is comfortable and makes sense . it 's useful in a variety of ways . 
this is the same size as a standard twin mattress . 75 '' long . so probably a bit short for someone 6'3 except for occasional use . 
yes , it has a zipper on the back of each of the three cushions so it would be removable . the type of material could also be spot cleaned . 
i have it for a guest bed..it is not used very often ; however ... i think it would hold up well..it is very firm . 
you could probably fold it , but it already so darm big that it would be huge . 
yes , i have the shikibuton trifold and it is a high density foam , not memory foam so it is much firmer . i think that is the main difference . the other differences you can observe for yourself 
i just pulled and it tore right off , i think they are designed to do that 
when folded up the height of this twin folding bed is 18 inches and the width is approximately 37 1 2 inches . it would make a great ottoman sleeper . it really does n't take up too much space . i hope i 've been of help to you . i highly recommend this item . great product ! 
not very firm . has a little give . 
comes without a case . it is comfy , very strong smell , but cover can be easy removed and washed . 
i ca n't take the exact measurements and wo n't be able to until i get it back in about 5 weeks . if you look at the description , it gives the measurements : `` ottoman when folding up : 18 '' high x 25 '' deep x 39 '' wide . '' 
the color of the mattress is more of a cream . 
yes it does stay in the position . 
its closer to khaki with soe grey in it.but not like a dark tanned color 
there is just the cover on the outside . i put a twin size mattress pad over it because you can feel the line where mattress folds and there is some off gas odor . the mattress cover fixes both issues though . it really is a great portable bed . 
not at all ... smells fine ! 
not at all ... 
i do n't know exactly how much they weigh , but they are not heavy . they are memory-foam like , but regular foam too . compared to my memory foam foam mattress they weigh hardly anything . one person can move them just fine . 
it comes with a zippered cover . 
it does have a zipper and it appears to be removable thus being washable , but that foam is pretty dense and could be difficult to put back on . 
i would n't risk it . the heat comes off at top , so it would be blowing straight at the tv . heat and electronics do n't mix well . not to mention how it would look . the fireplace extends from the wall a great deal more than any modern flat screen . you ca n't really see it on the pictures , but it does n't sit tightly against the wall . there is like a 6 inch space between the metallic bezel and the wall . other than that , i can say that the fireplace is awesome . 
i have not mounted it onto the wall . i love in south florida so i do n't plan on using the heater . but i am not sure if that could be hazardous . 
top of unit 
yes , it can be installed on a bathroom wall . however , i do not recommend it because of the high moisture could damage the unit . 
not sure how to answer that question . it does have a cord , as it does run by electricity . you can either wall mount the unit or you can purchase a stand for it separately . right now ours is packed away in the box . at first we thought we would wall mount it , but after it arrived , we did not want to commit to the wall mount because of the damage it would do to the wall . therefore , we decided to order the stand . we got the stand and it fits the unit as it should , however , by that time the weather had warmed up and it was no longer heating season . we will have to wait for the cold weather to return before we can comment on how well the unit actually heats our space . 
the outlet is in the back of the unit on the right side when facing front glass . 
yes 
well , yes , of course . it 's an electric fireplace . 
the information shown here says it does . also , look closely at the picture and you will see the remote . 
no 
yes . : ) 
you can build one . but this is the sort of thing where if you were to have the grand kids over or have a slumber party in the living room , this would be adequate for the night . for the night . this is n't something you want to keep on using , everyday . if you want a frame , get the one from ikea or get the other shikibuton style on amazon that costs more . 
it 's some synthetic . i prefer to cover it with a cotton sheet because otherwise it causes some sweating . i would most definitely not leave it outside 
i find mine comfy as is and use it camping , staying at friend 's houses and for houseguests , although after i let a friend who was a big fella use it , it seemed to lose some of its fullness . 
i always put two together to make a thicker mattress . i used a flat twin size sheet to cover them . i sewed velcro strips down the two long sides of the sheet . putting the opening in the center back , i cover the futon mattresses with the sheet . to do that , lay the sheet on the floor , center the two mattresses on top of it . pull the sheet sides tight up and around the futons on both sides , using the velcro to hook the sides together . this makes one long velcro 'd seam in the center back . you could probably just use some large safety pins instead of the velcro if you wanted . i put this seamed side down on the floor . i just tuck extra fabric at the top and bottom between the two mattresses for a neater look . you could also just sew the sheet together like a big pillowcase and put the futons inside , but it takes a little elbow grease to get them in there if you want a tight enough fit so the mattresses stay in place . by wrapping the futons in the sheet , it keeps them on top of each other so that they do n't slide off of each other and it makes a pretty comfortable bed . 
yes twin fitted sheets fit perfect , we love flannel even though it 's hot in the day it 's perfect for cool nights 
no , it has no ties or straps . it stays folded up pretty well , though , even when stood on edge . 
i throw away the box already because i know when i saw shikibuton i liked it already but smell it 's bad.. i 'm sorry 
i feel like polyester , is not bad but i wanted 100 % cotton ... that sound like a crunch . however , it is warm and comfortable . 
no it does not 
no , but i believe that the design is best served as a filler . however , a nice product ! 
i have washed mine in the machine , but i had to go to laundry mat it rewired a huge washer it is shook so big . 
yes . the supports on my toaster go from edge to edge . nothing as large as a pop-tart could slip off . 
hi , the slots are 1.5 inches wide and 5.5 inches long . we buy various whole grain breads such as pepperidge farm , orowheat , etc . and they go in fine . if your slice is over 5.5 inches , it might be a tight fit . i agree with lisa g. , some breads you will have to trim a bit . 
yes , absolutely . 
unfortunately this usa canada toaster is made in china . however it is made very well , and materials are substantial . it is the best toaster i 've had in many years ! 
hi david , i just measured the cord on my toaster it is 22 inches from the side of the toaster body to the plug , the plug adds about two inches to the end of the prongs but that is not useful of course . it goes into the toaster body about 2 inches from the end with the controls , if you look at the end of the toaster with the controls the cord comes out on the right hand side about 2 inches from the controls end . jim 
it is being used in the us ... so `` yes '' would be my answer ! 
no , mine still works and i still love my russell hobbs ! 
i think it toasts remarkably evenly , even with frozen bread and bagels . 
it does not say on the toaster , however i measured it with my watt hour meter and it uses 820 watts . the one i have toasts very nice and is consistent from slice to slice . 
hi al , the stamped area on the bottom indicates 900 watts , just to double check ; i checked it with my watt meter and it measured 900 watts . i like the toaster in that it is consistent from slice to slice , the only criticism that i have is that one side is just slightly darker than the other , but i mean just a bit , no one would notice that . jim 
yes . there is a rectangular thru-hole , top-to-bottom , right at the end of the looj that is probably for just that purpose . the hole is ~ '' front-to-back and slightly wider , side-to-side . 
if your gutter has a turning radius greater than 15 feet or so ( e.g . the jefferson memorial , the capitol dome , etc . ) it will handle it . otherwise , no . 
yes it will operate in 8 '' of water without a problem but you must keep the remote dry . just put it in your pocket . check it out ! ! http : store.irobot.com product index.jsp ? productid=13081876 & cp=2878870 & sr=1 & gclid=ciyhrpq80lscfbqwmgod8yyaew 
yes . that 's correct . forward and backward . it will not turn corners . 
yes it does fit . the look has very low profile to fit in all gutters although i do n't know how well it 'll do in rounded gutters . 
the looj works well on long pine needles . i have several huge pine trees near my house . it took a while for the first cleaning . the looj will back up and try again if the gutter is really clogged . like other irobot products , it works well if you use it as a maintenance tool . i now use it several times a year before the gutter becomes totally clogged . with a light gutter buildup , the looj zips through leaves and pine needles . 
well yes it still slings and no ..you should n't be standing under it or your going to get messy 
should in the manual mode , the auto mode might get overwhelmed . 
yes , the ilooj works by flinging debris up and out of the gutters . 
yes , 20 feet away even . it is good when you can see it , as substantial debris tends to cause it to flip , at which point it reverses . but because you can remote forward or reverse , you can just drive it backwards to go forward , or forward to go backward when it gets upside down . 
it 's more like 9 cups . 
it uses cone filters . 
this model uses cone # 4 coffee filters . i just use whichever filters are the cheapest at the the grocery store and have n't had any problems . 
it 's a hole with a spring clip so that if you pull the pot out it will stop pouring until it 's replaced . saturates the grounds pretty well though , not like a french press but about as well as any other model of this type i 've used . 
we use an off brand paper filter ( # 4 ) from our local grocery store . it works fine . 
does n't beep . noise is minimal compared to most drip coffee makers . there is no timer or digital display . just an on off button . i love this thing though ! 
168 degrees..used digital reader before pouring into cup 
if you find this out please let me know ! i have a chip in my carafe and would like to replace it . 
it is 14 1 2 '' tall . use on heaping t per cup . can make less than 8 cups . uses paper filter . makes the best home coffee i have ever tasted , even with ordinary coffee . first tasted its coffee at a friend 's house . this is even better than my keurig which i also love . 
its plastic 
the working parts are all stainless steel , but of course the base and handle will be of a plastic material but nothing that comes into contact with the water contents . at the back of the kettle there is a clear plastic window that shows the amount of water in the kettle . this appears to be a small reservoir and again does not appear to be part of the main water containment area . the filter inside is of a high density nylon mesh . the lid exterior is plastic but the lid interior appears to be stainless steel.hope that helps . 
2 small plastic buttons touch the water ; they hold the exterior water level gauge . the rest of the interior is stainless . 
yes 
the kettle holds 1.8 l or 60 ozs . so , if your cups hold 8 oz each , it would hold 7 1 2 cups . 
i do n't have an answer for you , toni , but i 'm with you about not buying any made in china . it should n't be too much to ask to be able to buy a quality kettle not made in china . good luck ! 
the base in 8 1 4 inches and the height is 12 inches . 
hi jeffrey , i 've just looked at the plate under my kettle ... it says 1500w . 
the power cord is attached to the base and it can be wrapped under the base with a small amount on the outside if the outlet is close . there is a small cutout for the cord on the base . i keep the side against the wall since the pot contacts are in the middle of the base . it boils super fast . i 'm thinking of purchasing another for work since my older russell takes a lot longer to heat . i have owned a russell hobbs kettle since the late 70 's and also have their 4 slice toaster with the bun warmer . 
american 
yes , it is an automatic shutoff . once the water boils the switch clicks off . 
yes 
dear corinne , i have no idea ... but go on their website and look it up , or contact them directly with your questions . 
the kettle is at our house in west va , along with the papers that came with it , so i do n't know about the warranty . it is a deep red ... very pretty ! 
i have n't had any problem with dripping or running down the outside of the spout . no splashing either , it 's pretty smooth . 
sorry , jeffrey , i never thought about it . i live in the states and it plugged into a regular socket fixture where it has worked fine ever since . cord is not overly long btw . it does give off a lot of hot steam towards the end of its ' cycle , so you do n't want to position it under a cupboard . i have the pourer facing away from my 'above ' cabinets . i like it well enough , but it 's really not that much quicker than a regular stove top kettle . it pours cleanly and is helpful for filling hot water bottles and the like . i moved so not sure where my instruction booklet is - apologies for not answering this query properly . 
not sure sorry 
32w 28h 33d 
the main part is wood finish however where the computer tower goes it is paper board but it would still look nice if it was facing out in the room . 
the lower right drawer is the only one that you can hang files in and that drawer only accommodates letter sized . 
it is a fake wood-grain laminate , but it 's so dark you can barely see the wood-grain . the laminate is good though if you ever spill anything on your desk , easy clean up and does n't ruin the wood . this is a pretty heavy desk , and i 've liked it so far ( had it for about 5 months now ) . 
yes drawer can be removed easily ... simultaneously , just pull drawer towards you and tilt up to remove from slot ... and no it does n't come pre-installed . engineering is superb ! ! 
yes , it 's not a pitch black , it 's a warm black - definitely more black than brown , but yes , a brownish black . 
the compartment on the left is for the pc tower . that compartment also has an adjustable shelf . there are two drawers on the right of the desk . hope this helps . 
outside leg to outside leg is 57 3 4. overhang is 7 8 on each side . giving total desktop of 59 inches . 
it is particle board but built pretty well . 
the dimensions of the desktop are 59 '' wide , left to right , 23 1 4 '' deep , front to back . 
only one but , i believe that you can message the seller and request and color . 
yes we can send those colors . 
the spatula is 11 inches tip to tip . it is 2inches wide at the top flat top edge . 
we do carry black and you can send an email after placing the order to let me know that you want black . 
i poured the casting acrylic into the side that the picture shows as up . it was my first attempt and it turned out ok . 
easy cast was fantastic . i used it to make several coasters . 
i measured it and to fill up the mold to the top it takes more or less 90 ml of resin , but depending on whether you want to make it thiner or thicker , you do n't have to fill up the whole mold , and you can also add objects to it , so it will take even less resin . 90 ml is about 3 oz , but that 's only if you fill it to the edges . 
mine was flat on top ! 
i did use a mold release spray , and they were still difficult to remove at times . i 've never worked with molds before though , so i do n't have any experience to compare it with . 
hi rajeev , great question ! the s filter stands out for several reasons , and our price reflects that . first , the s filter is made solely of 100 % high-grade stainless steel ( type 316 ) and manufactured in the usa . second , we use an ultra fine mesh with 100,000+ holes per square inch , which is finer than any other reusable coffee filter on the market . this allows the flavorful coffee oils to pass though into your cup while preventing any fine coffee particles from doing the same . the result is a deliciously clean cup of coffee . finally , we provide you with a quality brewing experience and a lifetime guarantee . if you are not satisfied with your s filter for any reason , we will immediately send you a replacement , no questions asked . the price of the s filter reflects our commitment to provide customers with uncompromising quality and service . our goal is n't to make the cheapest coffee filter on the market ; it 's to make the best . nate and john kaffeologie co-founders 
if you ever need to get a replacement for an s filter , you can write us at help @ kaffeologie.com . the new version of the s filter has rings on each side of the mesh so it can no longer separate . all s filters we sell ( and any replacements we send ) are the new version . thanks , nate 
the metal filter is thicker , but the aeropress closes just fine with it . i have noticed a problem screwing on the cap , but it was because the `` catches '' on the side that holder the cap down had coffee grounds on them . that , plus the slight extra thickness of the metal filter , made it hard to close the aeropress . clean off the coffee grounds and i think you 'll be fine . my experience , at least ... 
i use a manual grinder but i aim for a grind that 's slightly finer than what you would use for drip coffee . 
at least four . probably a lot more than that . let 's put it this way - you are unlikely to grind coffee fine enough that it will pass through the filter . talcum powder mixed into enough water would _probably_ pass through with some encouragement . if you 're asking that question , this filter is probably not what you 're looking for . if you 're looking to make coffee , it will probably service . 
most likely the manufacturer 's pricing of the filter along with postage and mailer bring the price to around $ 3.50 . if you return the filter kaffeologie has covered their costs and will trash the filter . 
if you are intending to use it together with an aeropress , yes you can . 
yes , the filter is made of 100 % 316 grade stainless steel . we do n't use any bonding material in the welds , so there 's only stainless steel there . 
lol ... as near as i can tell , it does n't matter . just pop it in ... do what the video says and enjoy ! 
no they do not . in fact , no coffee filters ( paper or steel ) will remove chlorogenic acid from coffee . this is presumably because chlorogenic acid is soluble in water , so it flows through into the coffee regardless of the hole size . this link from the journal of nutrition reports on a study of the effects of chlorogenic acid in humans . for the study the subjects were given coffee prepared in a paper filter ( and the chlorogenic acid passed through that filter ) . journal of nutrition http : jn.nutrition.org content 137 10 2196.full harvard 's medical school notes the following about chlorogenic acid in particular as part of a longer summary of coffee 's pros and cons ( they conclude that overall coffee is nothing to worry about ) . quote : `` explanations for the association between coffee consumption and lower rates of heart disease and diabetes often point to chlorogenic acid and other obscure antioxidant substances as the responsible parties . antioxidants are substances that sop up reactive molecules before they have a chance to harm sensitive tissue like the lining of blood vessels . chlorogenic acid was probably the main antioxidant in your cup of coffee this morning . some experiments have shown that it may also inhibit absorption of glucose in the digestive system and even out insulin levels . chlorogenic acid might be another coffee ingredient with a split personality . along with caffeine , it seems to push up levels of homocysteine , an amino acid that has been associated with artery-clogging atherosclerosis . '' link : http : www.health.harvard.edu newsletters harvard_health_letter 2012 january what-is-it-about-coffee 
it is a limited 10 year warranty . i do not know the specifics of the limited , but will find out . lee ann juicersandjuicing 
i 'm not sure . our apartment 's wired for 120 240 volts . 
it was loud . i had to put it in a separate room and close the door . my sister 's little plastic stayed on the kitchen counter , and its sounds was n't noticeable . 
i agree with your thought process , but they do not offer it that way . 
i wonder if you should just try to return it i bought several for the last few years and they 've always been okay although sometimes i do run it through the dishwasher 
not sure ... mine did crack and break in a few months ..trying to use it with cold butter . 
i put a stick of butter and when i used it for the first time , it cracked . i even ran hot water on it to soften . 
how does goat cheese compare to the consistency of butter or soft cream cheese ? i have used it on soft cream cheese , not the whipped variety , the kind in a brick . it does work spreading out a layer of cream cheese ... it has some limited success on spreading creamy peanut butter.. but it works for that too . i 've had this or different versions of this product for years and i swear by it . 
the diameter of the inside of the opening is 1.75 inches , or 4.45 centimeters . the jar itself is 3 inches tall , by 2 inches by 2 inches ( 7.6 cm x 5.1 cm x 5.1 cm ) . 
these little jars are 2 '' cubes - actually 3 '' tall with the snug fitting lid . i love them . 
this is just a guess , but i think one of these jars would hold about 4 liquid ounces . weight measured in ounces would vary , depending upon what it is . 
yes , with plastic inner seals 
about 4 inches high , including the stopper , and 3 inches across . 
very small , holds about 2 oz of liqid . 
yes , there is a rubber seal . 
they 're clip-on . clips seem rugged enough . have n't had a problem with them yet nor do i expect to . 
i do not own a dishwasher but all parts are glass and i would think they are safe . i use them as spice jars . 
each jar holds 4 oz . and is 4 '' top of lid to bottom . the interior that holds the spice is 3 '' tall . 
the id clasp to clasp is 1 and7 8 inches . they are very nice jars ! hope that helps . 
they should be if you do n't store them so water is against the lid . i would n't store them upside down , but they should work . they are small though , so i would suggest infusing whatever liquor you want in a mason jar and pouring it into the smaller jars . you 'll be able to control your concentrations more that way . 
4 inches , or just over 10 centimeters . 
they do n't come off after opening the jar , but i do make sure to readjust them while closing the jar just to make sure that the seal is tight . 
they are about 1 1 2 inches at their largestest opening but remember they are oval 
there are 2 1 shot and 2 shot . the physical size is the normal size but i dont know that it is a standard 
hi simone . i had a similar issue when i got mine . the trick is to prime the pump the first time you use the machine . just add water , turn it on and press the `` froth mode '' button and wait until it stops flashing . then place a container under the frothing rod and turn the front knob to `` froth start '' and leave the machine alone for a while . it will make a thumping noise for a while ( maybe up to three or four minutes ) and then steam and hot water will begin spewing out . then your machine is ready . you will only need to do this once when you first buy your machine . the instructions say to do this for thirty seconds , but mine just would n't do it . so it left it to prime for almost five minutes before the steam and hot water started pumping out . good luck ! 
no . this unit is designed for a cup . if you use a small cup it may jump off the tray , as the whole unit does vibrate a lot . russ 
we are happy with ours , works great . 
yes 
it is pretty darn weird that there is no documentation on the unit 's wattage ... online or in the manual . but i finally resorted to tipping mine back far enough to read the plate on the bottom , and it is says 1350w . i knew it had to be no more than 1500w or it could n't be advertised for a standard household outlet . in any event , since you do n't leave this unit turned on once you 've made your coffee , it should affect your electric bill less than a standard drip coffee pot that stays on to keep the pot warm . 
i wish i could help you with that question but unfortunately . i gave it for a gift 
none . works excellent . you tighten real good with no leaks . love it . my ice tea stay nice and cold in my fridge for weeks . 
hi , the height of this item is around 12-13 inches . thank you , lily 's home customer service 
on amazon . i bought a stainless steel spigot to make kombucha . easy to switch out and much better quality 
yes it is 2 gallons . i ca n't tell you what the 5.9 oz are , the description is n't included in the question . i love this jug by the way . 
lol ! i never timed it . how big is your glass ? i have never got frustrated with any of my glasses 
hi , the country of origin for this item is china . thank you , lily 's home customer service 
yes 
do a search named replacement spigot for 2 gallon dispense in home and kitchen . i love my yorkshire 2 gallon dispense - i wash it in the dishwasher after removing the spigot . i wash the spigot by hand and then reattach to the dispense and it has never leaked . 
if you mean lead within the glass -- i do n't know . the spigot is plastic . 
i did n't look and check , got it for a gift to somebody 
yes 
yes we use a medium char 
mexico 
it is assembled permanent 
yes , if it preped correctly . i ca n't say `` always '' because , with anything manufactured , there can ways be a flaw . but the two i have always work well for me . 
hi christa ! just send us a message after purchase with the personalization you would like and the order number and we 'll add the engraving right away for you ! 
the spigot has some alloy material on it . if you can age alcohol and its fine i see no reason vinegar would be a problem . 
i have two working hands and still found it to be difficult to use . the side planks , for lack of a better word , would n't stay connected to the middle planks . i was constantly have to reattach them after almost every fold . i stopped using it . i would n't recommend this one . 
not really . order from the container store . you will spend more but it wo n't keep coming apart . 
not worth the money . very poorly assembled . would not recommend to anyone 
yes , 11 inches , assuming you mean the height of each of the three main shelves . 
i would say no 
i did not attach mine , i put it right on the floor . if attached it will raise it 4 3 4 inches 
you may be able to if you 're putting them on a hard surface like a wood floor . i have mine on carpet and need to anchor it to the wall . the product itself is very sturdy and looks really nice . hope that helps ... : ) 
the larger ones would need to lay flat , but the end shelves work great for that . i have standard size in the main middle section & `` coffee table '' flat on the ends . recommend not using bottom supports-let it sit on the bottom shelf . more stable that way & it still looks great . 
we would not recommend that 
do you mean how tall is the unit or the height between shelves ? 
yes , there is a mop cleaning pad included . i have n't used it yet , so ca n't comment on the effectiveness of it . however , the vacuum ability of this robot is outstanding . 
roomba cleans better on carpet since it has double brushes . the moneual does a similar job to roomba on a smooth floor like hardwood or laminate . 
unfortunately mine sits in corner and now collects dust . my wife thought it would be a help on floors but needs some improvements . purchased 1 year ago . 
yescyou can 
on side of main brush there could be hair rolled tight over metal rod . 
it should n't . mine drives right up to the edge then backs off and keeps cleaning . 
it will dock itself on the charger when it gets low . can it get back to the charger ? 
i have not only never had any trouble with mine but this may be the single best investment i have ever made . i have had mine about 9 months and use it 2-3 times a week and it is fully automated , it cleans while i get other things done and then when it 's done it goes right back to the base . it does like to do a good job underneath things tho . it may be getting stuck underneath something there . 
110 v 
if it is error 3 and the picture of the arrows going in a circle , i have been successful by : 1 ) remove the edge brushes and check for coiled up hair 2 ) remove the main beater brush and pull off end caps ; check for hair debris 3 ) when replacing main brush , carefully inspect the groove shape on the squared end of the brush end cap . it should drop in easily ; you should not have to force it . if you have to push it in , then it is not correctly aligned . hope this helps . 
39 x 55 - just over 3ft3in tall x 4ft7in wide 
39 x 55 
they 're correct . it is 39x55 
sorry i missed that detail . yes , it is 39x55 , which i like better 
good luck with that ... i ended up making my own ... called a few places that offered like $ 300 for one ... not happening 
47 '' lx36 '' h x 21 '' w 
permanent 
unfortunately , no . it is a free swinging wooden leg between two wooden guides as a track . could be easily modified if you really wanted . 
they are all 10 7 8 '' wide x 16 3 8 '' deep . the top one is 4 5 8 '' high , and the bottom two are 6 3 8 '' high each . 
hi - no the lip is n't removable . it does jut up a tiny amount , which is where my wrists rest , if needing to be seated & drawing but on the whole it 's not a problem . i tend to stand most of the time . 
yes , you could use it as a stand-up desk . i got it for my 10 yr old grandson , who prefers to stand at a desk . i , also , got him a high-seated stool . works well either way . 
the tilt table area is 32 '' x21 '' . the flat table area is 15.5 '' x21 '' . 
the colore is spot on . its a well built piece of furniture . my daughter loves it . but it does require assembly . nothing hard , just tedious . 
it goes to 45 degrees , there is no intermittent angle , although one could probably make one if you wanted . 
looks like press board side and wood veneers 
unfortunately , since you 're using a foot board , you 'll have to get two sets . 
the particular one i ordered specifically said king to queen & vice versa , if you go to their site you will find all sizes . 
i do n't think so . i was very disappointed in how weak the steel is on this product . we had to use quite a few different methods to secure the headboard because these bent so easily . 
yes 
to be honest , i really do n't know how the inner workings are in a pocket door , so i ca n't answer your question . good luck to you . 
i used these brackets with a queen headboard and king bed with hook brackets for the headboard and to be honest it does move a bit . there really is n't any alternative if you want to combine mismatched beds and headboards . the weight of your headboard will actually be an advantage and may move less than mine . i 'd say do it ! 
there 's one that is made for that . i purchased one for that at amazon . check for one made for that . modi plate structures by malouf , queen 
the dimensions are 4 7 8 '' x 9 1 2 '' 
it will be very loose but you can probably tuck under the excess material . 
actually it is both . it is fitted with elastic running all the way around to give a good fit to any height mattress . it also has a zipper that runs around one end from side to side for easy installation . you wont be disappointed . 
yes 
more like a sheet . 
it does have a inner plastic rubberized lining . so i would say it is enough for a training toddler . 
12 '' i have plush pillow top from simmons beauty rest and it fit perfect ! 
this is made of a smooth , silky polyester . nice , because it stays smooth and does not shrink . 
in my experience , yes . i use these at home and in a rental property . 
according to the signature usa website & lt ; http : www.signaturetumblers.com clear clear_regular_coffee_tumbler.html & gt ; , they are microwave-safe . 
approx 4 inches high 
per the company website : lifetime guarantee rest easy , we guarantee your tumbler for a lifetime against any manufacturing defects . if your tumbler does not stay sealed , send it back for a replacement . please be advised that you will be responsible for getting the tumbler to us . we however , we will take care of all shipping costs in returning your new tumbler to you . * ( must live within the continental united states ) if some thing does go wrong with your signature tumbler , send it back and we will replace it for you . most people receive their new tumbler in about five weeks . to help you get a new tumbler we 've created a checklist of steps to follow . in a box or large envelope pack : your contact information . this helps us make sure that your tumbler gets back to the right location and a way to contact you if we have questions . we will need your : full name daytime phone number email address where we can contact you with questions . return address damaged tumbler send your tumbler and contact information to : signature usa attn : lifetime guarantee 15105 minnetonka industrial rd . suite 101 minntonka , mn 55345 
the top diameter is 3 3 4 inches or 9.5 cm . the height is 4 inches or 10 cm . 
only 2 in my pack 
i 'm afraid to microwave them but do put them in the dishwasher on top rack . 
yes , they are . 
yes , i have heated coffee in mine : ) 
i would say , `` they are called `` glasses `` not `` glass `` . 
yes . i perch the cup on the lid of the carafe so it does n't have too far to drop . 
yes 
i use ground coffee . i grind it extra fine and it seems to work . not as fast as course ground . but it works . 
my guess is : you have n't cleaned the nozzle apparatus . i always soak mine in water after use . if yours is really clogged , you may have to disassemble it partially to get to the clogged parts . soaking in vinegar and water mix will help dissolve crud as well . i have not had to do that so i can not advise on the procedure . a tall parfait glass gives enough height and will reach the nozzle for immediate post brewing soaking . hope this helps , dee 
mine took 10-12 minutes , that is before the frother quit working and i had to either buy a manual frother to make cappacino or purchase another espresso maker , it was just over 6 months old , used twice a week at most . i opted to purchase a frother and now get cappacino in about half the time . 
two prong plug . 
that 's it that 's nice gift they will have to but their favorite coff thanks 
just try to unplug it and plug it again . thanks 
i use it only for making coffee . i use it in my man cave . when i go home tonight i can check on it . 
16x11.5 
i just washed mine with a brush and hot water running into the sink . 
no ... . hand wash or dishwasher 
as long as it is supported by a sheet pan it should work but it has never been tested to do that 
deanna ... . i have never used it in a microwave , but mine seems a bit large for a microwave with a turntable . 
i do n't see why not . i do n't have a convection but i 've used it in my regular oven . 
not difficult to clean wash in hot soapy water or in dishwasher 
i received instructions and really like the pyramid pan 
honestly , i have n't used them yet ( i bought 2 ) . good to know you have used them at 450. i did n't know they were sold on qvc , just do n't have time to watch that channel , but i like the things they sell . sorry i could not help you . sb 
once it is used a couple of times the smoke thing stops . the pan is still fabulous and i use it for all kinds of things from a trivet to a glass drying rack 
yes , the rug does have a nonskid backing . i hav washed it several times and dried outside and it is still . beautiful with backing intact . i am happy with it . 
yes , it a blue green color but more on the blue side than green . it may clash with a true teal color . 
texture varies slightly , but yes it definitely shows footprints . very nice feel on your feet though ! 
i have a large dog , but i am using mine in a bedroom and love it . gets quite a bit of animal traffic . it is wearing well . not sure about the wet shoes ! 
soft , dose not skid , do n't know about water ... ..but a good buy . 
i love it . very durable 
''these rugs wash beautifully . i put them in the dryer on low heat . they do not shed any fibers . 
yes ... .it 's nice 
i love this rack ! the bottom rack , the one that is wood is 23 inches wide and 15 deep . the two glass shelves are 23 inches long and 7.5 inches deep . its a total of 67 inches tall . the very bottom shelf is about the same as the wooden shelf . i hope this helps . 
it 's about 13 inches 
yes top 2 shelves are glass . def worth buying . i received so many compliments on this piece 
the bottom shelf , wine rack and decorative scroll can be removed . there is 33 inches clearance from floor to under-served of wooden shelf 
it is pretty thick and sturdy . it 's real wood 
no . mine measures 25 3 16 '' x 16 '' . 
yes , if you do n't want that shelf , it looks as though you could go without . the top two shelves are each a metal frame that attaches to the side and back that hold glass . i would think that you will want to keep at least one for stability . 
you can place them on the glass shelf which is where i have mine .. but no place to hang . it 's a gret buy ! ! def worth getting ! hope that helps 
i think it can . i dont think i would use it in direct weather as the sun might blister the wood finish . however i dont think it would be affected by the rain . 
2'4 '' assembeled 
1.7l it is very good product , we love it . 
the sticker on the bottom of mine says `` made in china . '' 
the heating base has a cord , and after heating the pot lifts off the base for pouring . the pot itself is cordless , i suppose ( only the base has the cord . the description is a bit confusing ! 
other than the inside of the lid , no . as far as i can tell , only glass and metal ( from the coil that runs up the side ) touches the water when boiling . 
space between legs is exactly 6 inches on the short side and 16 3 4 on the length . the 22.8 is the length with the racks hanging on both ends . the drain itself is 17 inches long . glass rack and silverware holder have to be hung on ends . hope this helps . 
very dyfunctional.does n't work for me at all . 
the tines are 3 4 inch apart . my dishes are approx 1 1 8 deep and there is plenty of room for them . 
i returned this dishrack because it did n't hold glassware as shown in the photos and i did n't like that it did n't drain well for me . the rack was always sitting in a puddle of water . sorry i ca n't help with plate sizes . 
no i would not try chocolate or cheese in this pot . the metal is thin compared to what you would traditionally use for cheese and chocolate ( a thick ceramic pot ) for good distribution of heat and long warming time so you do not burn your cheese or chocolate . i would stick to broths and meat when it comes to metal pots . 
made in china . do n't recommend this one . food will burn and extremely hard to clean . 
usually a hardware store will have it . 
i like the ceramic pot for cheese ... the oil heat is too hot for most cheese ... you do n't want it to stick to bottom ... refer to your instructions again , i 'm not home so i can ck mine ... this is my preference ... ..pf 
yes- i have used it for both , and it works well . 
i 've used it for cheese , i just made sure my flame was on a lower setting so the cheese did n't burn . i 'm sure chocolate would work too so long as you do n't let it get too hot . 
this particular fondue pot is ideal for meat and cheese fondues . chocolate fondues can be a bit more delicate , so your best bet would be to purchase a ceramic or fondue set with a heavier pot if you primarily wish to do chocolate fondues . 
the manufacturer recommends that you use swiss fire gel . 
clear with white tint to it . 
the measurements for the tray are 16 '' l x almost 12 '' w for the rack are 14 1 2 '' l x almost 12 '' w x 4 '' h . 
=================================13 
no , not that i saw . 
fits ours . 
yes 
absolutely not . also ; our water tends to stain things . tub , shower , dish drainers . the sakura has n't stained one bit . i am completely satisfied with this product . 
i or someone else answered this question some time ago . see product page for your answer . 
if it is a single sink it would , but i doubt if it would fit in a separated sink . also i was disappointed for the short time that i have had it that at the welds it rust very easily even thou i dry it off often . for the price i did n't think it would rust as fast as the cheaper one that walmart sales . 
the dimensions are : 11 1 2 '' by 17 '' by 4 '' so far it has not rusted . i wash it first in the upper rack in the dishwasher and then easily wipe it . i hope this helps you . 
the size of a softball ... not sure on how many shots 
no it did n't but is a cool addition to my skull collection 
you will get it in 14-18days 
yes 
it is made of glass . it was a great gift , smaller than i thought it was going to be , but still very cool gift 
it is quite small 10,5 cm tall . it contains 400 ml . i measured up with water . hope this will help you . 
measuring the skull without the spout , it 's 3 and a half inches tall . if you include the spout and stopper it 's 5 inches overall . i measured and it holds 1 and one half cups of liquid . i hope this helps 
depends on the seller . check if they offer international . also right now , the default seller on the product page is in china . expect quite a delay if you are in the us . 
yes it was in a box 
not at all 
yes , it is - it fits the 2lbs loaf from my large zojirushi breadmaker . i 'm just not happy with the quality of the box - the thin bamboo veneer is coming apart at the corners because they 're not glued properly and the veneer is warped . 
7 '' x7 '' x16 '' 
not sure . no visible marks . decent construction , lid fits well 
the top was warped and the material seemed cheap . we returned it . 
the bread box is 16 inches wide 7 1 2 inches tall with the top on it and 7 1 2 inches deep . it 's beautiful and sturdy . 
i do n't remember . i sent it back because it was warped and the quality was n't very good . 
we ordered this but sent it back right away . sorry ! 
i know they are the correct size for the unmarked jars my wife has . those are generic wire bale canister jars . it was a tight fit but they work fine . use a micrometer to find the diameter and these were about a quarter inch smaller than the jars , but work find and seal properly . 
the inside diameter of mine is 2.75 '' , the outside diameter is 3.75 '' . it is a little stretchy , so if you need it a little wider , it should still work . i see that mia says hers are 2 5 8 '' inner and 3 5 8 '' outer . i 've had mine for a while now , so they have probably stretched out to the size of my jar lid . she may have a more accurate measurement for new rings . 
these gaskets will fit jars with a lid that has a 3 inch wide ( outside to outside ) bottom of the lid where the gasket slips on . i do n't think it has to be exactly 3 inches but it must be snug . these are so much better than the rubber type and im sure they will last much longer that your old rubber ones . i have several more jars with the old rubber gaskets so i will be placing an order for more in the next few weeks . be safe ... . m 
these are made of `` silicone rubber '' which is a synthetic rubber that is much more durable than ordinary rubber . the rings are high quality but much thinner than the original ones on my jars . you may need to put on two to make the same thickness , or adjust ( bend ) the metal bands to tighten properly with the thinner rings . 
no , they fit the flip top lid canning jars . they are too wide to fit the wide mouth ball jars . 
i used them on glass jars with about a 4 '' opening . they have tne lids that clip . these jars are canisters of different sizes , but the openings are all the same . they would need a lip for seating . hope that helps . 
about 1 16 '' . if i can further assist you please let me know . have a great day and wonderful week . lori kitchen doodads - crochet trinkets 
i own a number of different types of bail jars ( i do n't know if any of them are ball bail jars ) and these silicone rings fit and work as expected . much better than the cracked and brittle rubber rings that i replaced . 
2 3 4 inches , 3 3 4 inches 
yes 
i used this on a glass bowl and a ceramic bowl . it is a perfectly designed device . simple and easy to use . i will use it everytime i want to crack a fresh egg . 
it does work with only one hand . 
yes according to the information i have it is both . 
click on your cart ! ( usually upper right corner of screen ) . 
yes the middle part pops out for easy cleaning . 
i tested it just now by scratching the `` oxo '' with my fingernail , and there was no change ( that is , it did n't scratch off at all ) . i 'd say , `` it 's within the realm of possibility , but highly unlikely . '' keep in mind , this product was recently purchased . mama has one also , but i do n't remember her stating that the one she has wore out . 
plastic 
mine is snug ( it has to be so it wo n't leak when measuring liquids ) , but it slides smoothly and disassembles easily . note that the guide knobs ride in helical tracks , so the sliding motion is a twisting one instead of straight up and down . 
i would say no . i think it is too small . 
i do n't know , i 've never needed to put it in the microwave . sorry . 
the 2 cup is black priting 
we are sorry but we do not have that . 
it is made of food grade silicon . silicon does not contain bpa . 
yes made in china 
the size in the open position is about 9 by 9.5 . ( it 's not exactly round because of the handles . ) so it will fit in a 10 inch pot but you could have beans or small things fall outside of the steamer if you load it up . a 9 inch pasta pot works very well and then nothing falls outside of the steamer because it 's snug in the pot . 
pretty sure the only way that can happen is if the water in the pot completely evaporates or if you put it on the bottom of the dishwasher rack and allow the feet to touch the heating element . the melting point of the silicone polymer is well above the boiling point of water 
yes pamela , i have a 4 qt . cooks essential pressure cooker ~ steamer folds down over the glass bowl i use to cook rice . 
i have an 8 '' pot and it fits . it can fold down pretty small . 
i would cook the food your normal time then transfer to a serving bowl ... i used mine in my pressure cooker and then took the food straight to a bowl ... mine was just fine ... 
no 
i do n't have a dishwasher either , but i 've never had an issue with a plastic taste on my food . try soaking in hot water with lots of dish soap . or maybe contact oxo for a replacement ? 
i have n't tried using this tool in a microwave , but i have used other silicone products with no issue . 
i have one in each of the blue , orange , and green . all appear the same size and the lids fit on each other . i love these mugs . use them multiple times daily for tea . lids delete spills and keep my tea warmer longer . 
the base measures 4 inches in diameter . in case anyone is wondering the top of cup diameter is 4 3 4 inches . hope this helps . 
yes , this corningware product is made in china but it is a good quality item for what it is intended for . 
unit is 21 1 2 inches high . actually it is .1 inch less if you can accomodate unit you will love it as we do . i am not a salesman for amazon or classic products . just a happy user . 
yes 
the manual states to keep combustibles 3 feet away from front and also keep combustibles away from sides back . it says not to use in a `` wardrobe . '' 
the outermost is 19 '' 
it does have the led lighting for the fire . i love this little fireplace . it warms my living room and dining room and give a great ambiance . 
yes this can be placed in a non functioning fireplace opening . just make sure that there are at least 3 inches around the sides of the unit to allow for air in-take . we do have surrounds available so that you can cover up any opening space if you required it . carlos 
the unit is 19 wide , 17 1 2 high and 8 1 2 deep . there is a vent on the top so its good to leave it a little breathing room on the top . over all its a nice unit , works well for small spaces . 
22 inches is plenty of room the height just needs to be 18 inches high 
the temperature and other writing only show up when the unit is first turned on or if the settings are changed while the unit is on . after a few seconds ( 5 maybe ) this goes away so you do n't have to see it . 
i put it in a 20x20 opening and it fit fine . it would fit but you may have to put trim around the edge 
they are made of silicone which is bpa free . : ) 
each gummy bear is 2 inches tall and 1 inch wide . my daughter made gummy bears for a school project . they seemed to large for eating , but they worked very well for her project . 
mine has 16 bears , they are about 2inchs by 1inch.each 
only one tray comes in a pack . i got mine and loved it . it 's a nice size . i 'm using mine for soap . 
no this is not for cooking for but rather to make ice or you can pour melted chocolate and put it in the refrigerator but it 's not for baking . 
yes , i 've done it many times and it held up well . 
china 
about an inch . it 's very nice but not super fluffy . 
the wool will tend to wick moisture keeping the mattress clean and dry , however if moisture is able to stay in the mattress pad for an extended period of time , it will eventually work its way through to the mattress . this can be used in conjunction with our waterproof mattress protector for maximum mattress protection and comfort . 
it 's a regular mattress pad that tucks under the corners . 
cold water always with wool . biodegradable detergent . 
not at all . i really like this mattress pad - it washes well , is comfortable , has nice deep coverage with the elastic skirt , and no wool fibers escaping . i have it in both queen and king sizes . 
hi ! it 's not thick enough to alter the feel of your mattress . i bought to to protect my investment ! i would suggest a memory foam or down mattress topper for adding `` cush '' . hope this helps ! 
i do n't know . the vendor , 45th street bedding , may be able to answer that question . i 've been very happy with my king-size wool mattress pad ! it arrives oversized to account for shrinkage after laundering , which i think is a sign of quality and common sense . hope this helps . 
hi paul . this mattress pad is available in all standard mattress sizes . thanks , 
yes 
the tag says the cotton shell is made in china ( huangshan city , to be specific ) with belgian wool fill . there is no mention of fire retardant . i 'd say it is no thicker than a standard fiberfill mattress pad . also on the label : the king-sized pad weighs 2.72 pounds . 
full size is here : http : www.amazon.com washable-lambswool-45th-street-bedding dp b00a2wlwj4 ref=sr_1_3 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1399147964 & sr=8-3 & keywords=full+45th+street+bedding+washable 
i would guess that it is not water 'proof ' - maybe best described as moisture-resistant . it would depend on the amount of liquid , whether it soaks through . it is machine washable though . 
hi , thanks for submitting your question . according to the product information on the product page , the mattress pad has a 100 % cotton cover . this is the only information we have regarding the top outside of the mattress pad . i hope this helps ! 
i believe the only materials are cotton and wool - no synthetics . 
i just called the company and they are not bpa free . 
the opening measures 1 4 inch . they are only just a little bit bigger than a normal straw . 
the straws are a hard plastic . they are very durable . i just ordered another set because i lost a couple and friends have been asking me to give them mine . money well spent . 
hard and rigid 
this product is only 9 inches tall . it will not work for you . 
9 '' 
yes . ( i 'm using one as i type . ) . it 's long enough so that your nose is n't pressed to the top of the cup as you use it . 
it 's a very hard plastic material . you could probably leave bite marks if you really tried . 
these straws are 9 inches long . very hard and sturdy . they can be shortened very easily with a dremel tool and cutting wheel and using a fingernail board , or emery board , to smooth the edges . 
as they are n't advertised as being safe to use with hot drinks , i do n't . but i purchased them in february and 6 months later they 're in perfect condition , having been put through the gauntlet by my grandkids . buy american , every time ! 
approximately-top portion:13 3 4 x 9 3 4 , bottom portion 11 1 2 x 7 1 2. these are the measurements for the roaster only not the lid . 
the maximum size for roast or turkey is approximately 10 lbs . 
yes , i went to the official website and the roaster and lid can be used up to 425 degrees . clean up is a breeze . 
the inside is coated in stone and the outside of the pan is stainless steel and aluminum . 
the pans are heavier than normal cookware but not as heavy as the cast iron cookware . the 11 '' fry pan weighs about 3 lbs . 
this will work for a 10 lbs or smaller turkey 
the cooking surface is 9x13 , the actual size with handles and edges is 10x 15 3 4 . 
the cooking area is 9x13 , the actual size with handles and edges is 10x 15 3 4 
no , it 's metal . 
i dont have a measure tape , they are small . i love em because nothing sticks to them , i bought 2 , not sure but i think the price is a bit too much ! will get a dozen small cookies on it . 
47.5 '' long x 24 '' tall x 18 '' wide 
it is a composite material . 
i do n't own this unit but i think it 's like a kitchen cart that i have . my `` marble '' top is actually mdf covered in a heavy contact-paper-like material that resembles marble 
the 3 shelves the height is 6 inches the width 20 inches per measurement . 
yes it fix very well on it 
the side spaces are approx . 12 1 2 inches wide , 19 inches high , 16 1 2 inches deep 
18 '' 
dark brown , almost black looking 
yes the shelves are adjustable . 
flat . all assembly required but very easy to assemble . 
i do n't have the measurements on the right now but i can tell you the table is smaller than you think and that it looks like in the picture 
not in the middle but you could on either side 
no it is not made of real wood . i is pretty compressed faux wood . the top is also faux . it does look good together . 
it rolls easily on a flat surface , it uses whatever wheels are in contact with the ground . i have n't tried it on uneven ground yet . i like the cart very much but am still concerned that the wheels are too fragile . 
this cart is only available in this one size . thank you ! 
the blue one does n't bleed at all . 
i have this item and i am not quite sure about the capacity by gallon . my wife says she can get 1.5 loads of laundry into it . maybe 2 loads with no jeans sweatshirts ect . used this while she was pregnant , worked great even for other items that she needed to tote up and down while i was away . 
that is the problem , handle is not adjustable . i am 5'0 tall and handle reaches my hip . hope this helps . 
on the center of the wheel is a hook that you pull and then slide the wheels off . 
no . 
the rollers are not really good for going down . it can be done but i prefer to grab the handle and carry it down . it 's always easier going down than it is going up . 
what the bottom of the bag rest on , the kick-stand frame folds up to approx . 4 inches . 
measured cart standing up - not collapsed . here is what i got , with height matching dimensions on web pretty much . height - 36 in . width from outside of wheels - 16 3 4 in. , depth with bag billowing from stuff in it - 15 1 2 inch . 
i found that the product statement said 250 lbs and it feels like 200 lbs . would be fine . this seat is fine for a quick sitting place but for long times may not be very comfortable . 
pull behind . the handle likes to fall down . i would like it to be locked in place so when you let go of it that it 's still in the position i left it . 
yes , and up and down curbs as well as over not so even terrain . 
yes , it is . 
china . 
i hope you can see the picture i am seeing as it will make describing it easier . front and back panels are 12 '' w by 20 '' deep . sides are 8 '' w by 20 '' d. on each side you will also find a pocket sewed over side that is 8 '' w by 11 '' d. the bottom is very strong material covered with more material of t he cart . it feels stronger than cardboard unless it is really a strong one . the flap is there if you want it . i personally tuck it inside so i can get more clothes in . on the back as you can see is a flap going over part of the frame and and secured in back . also a 7 '' zipper on the back with a small pocket 12 '' w by 6 '' d. my husband was worried the rollers would wear on the stairs carpet , by it rolls right along and does n't put a lot of stress on my body . i use it mainly for loads of laundry but have even taken in heavy groceries on occasion and it is working just fine . 
the cart is rated for 220 lbs in total . i have stuffed the bag full plus strapped additional bags to the frame and had no trouble . i would not suggest attempting to carry a load of bricks with this cart , but for small shopping trips it works great . 
the chair is pretty well made but very narrow . a small child only would be comfortable sitting in the seat . not sure of weight capacity . 
8 pounds . 
no . the seat would have to be folded up to roll the cart . 
the material is microfiber . 
yes they are fairly thin . i am not sure how they can call themselves 1500 thread count i have had 600 thread count with far superior quality . 
i 'm so sorry to hear that this sheet set did n't meet your expectations ! this seller accepts returns within 14 days as long as the packaging is n't damaged . you can view this seller 's return policy here : 
these sheets are as soft as any other more expensive sheets i have bought before , the sheets are lightweight but not thin material . hope this is helpful 
all the way around . i bought the brown also . they washed up nice . it was a good purchase . 
yes , i have a queen size bed 60 '' wide . 
pillow cases . they feel great but the sheets will not fit a 15 '' mattress . 
ummmmm , they 're okay . out of the dryer , they 're gorgeous , but i would n't let them sit in the dryer all day and expect anything other than a rumply mess . hope that helps ! 
i can not tell you why they dont but they are very nice 
yes and it is super soft extremely comfortable i love them . 
i have the thick king bed and it barely fits . most newer mattress are thick and do n't waste your money ... i used it once ! you get what you paid for ... 
no . just thick soft cotton . 
hello , thank you for your question . as of today january 23 , 2014 this item is sold by a seller who will be able to assist with your inquiry regarding the sheets . here is a link to the seller 's page which will have contact information : 
i dont know but they are soft ! we have had hem for ovef 6 months now and hey are holding up fine . great for summer as they stay cool at night . 
no 
who knows what egyptian fabric means . the vendor specifically states that the sheets are not made of cotton . i 've asked , `` if not cotton , what are they made of ? '' 
i really do n't know . what we got came with the package that we brought . i did see some offers on the same web pages . hope this helps . 
yes it is 100 % cotton 
we ordered the california king size , and although they 're slightly larger on the mattress , we love the fabric , texture and how they feel against our skin . therefore we just tuck 'em in a little more . 
yes 
hello , made in india ..wash cold , gentle cycle .do not bleach.trust me on that one . tumble dry low remove promptly 100 % cotton 
they are not shiny . i love these sheets . i think you will too . 
the king size i bought are toooo shoert for my king bed so they are defective . 
yes , you get the same warranty and the 5 annual tune ups . 
no , it does n't . i love this vacuum because it is so light weight . it makes me actually use it more often because it 's so easy . 
yes . i use it on mine 
this 7-8 lb vac is the lightest , best vacuum i have ever used . i have back issues and this does not hurt my back . it has a nice taller handle , is light & flexible . 
from the floor to the top of the larger wheels is about 5 1 2 `` and that is about the highest point . so the short answer is yes . 
it 's been my experience that the cord tends to `` swivel '' from the horizontal to vertical position . but i do n't think that it really matters because it 's performing it 's function of keeping the cord in place in either position . i leave it there permanently . it 's too much trouble to remove and re-insert the cord and i feel that doing so would put excessive wear on it . i hope that this addresses your question . 
its very easy especially at less than 8lbs . in my opinion much easier than attachment hoses . 
according to the oreck site http : www.oreck.com oreck-magnesium-sp-vacuum-cleaner 545.html you get 3 annual tun-ups . according to the warranty ( here : http : demandware.edgesuite.net aajc_prd on demandware.static sites-oreck-site sites-main-catalog default v1393430672703 images warranties warranty-upright-residential.pdf ) , you need `` proof of purchase from oreck or an oreck authorized retail dealer for this product '' . so assuming you bought it from amazon , you can go to your orders there , locate the order and print it out , if you need to . note too that `` this limited warranty does not cover the replacement of expendable or consumable parts such as carbon motor brushes , edge brushes , brushrolls drive belts , brushes , bulbs , disposable bags and other parts subject to normal wear unless they are defective in material or workmanship . '' in order words , they oreck shop may recommend replacement of worn parts and want to charge your for them . 
it works great on mine ( on low ) , however not all of the think nylon carpet is the same . if possible , i recommend taking a carpet sample into your local oreck store and give it a test drive . 
the oreck magnesium vacuum cleaner does not have a rotary attachment feature . 
i use it on mine . there might be a little play in the fitting of the cog , but i have used it for a while and do n't see any abnormal wear . 
i put two tablespoons of flax seed in my protein shakes and it pulverizes them . i have also put oat meal in as well with similar results . without liquid , i have never tried . 
this fits on the vitamix right out of the box . i love it & have been using it for a few months to make smoothies daily . it makes great smoothies with easier cleanup & wasted ingredients than vitamix . the vortex it creates sucks the ingredients down more vigorously than the vitamix jar . no tamper is needed . however , the vitamix jar is superior for making bnt butters & frozen desserts because of the tamper . hope this helps there is another jar ( rebel ) that requires you to substitute a blendtec drive on your vitamix . 
do n't know , fits my vitamix . 
no it does n't . imo the vitamix is a much superior product anyway you measure it . 
the short answer is absolutely . there is plenty of room . it is a 90 oz container . here is the warning : the 5th side of the container creates some kind of vortex that mixes the product very thoroughly . this mixing require a tremendous amount of extra energy , especially when at or near capacity . luckily , vita-mix is incredibly over designed , and can support these overloads for several minutes without doing long term damage . i have no problem processing 64 oz of diced tomatoes for 20 - 40 seconds . so an emphatic yes . just use good judgment , and if the motor is straining , shut 'er down . 
no their not , this mixer broke during the very first use ! the motor gears broke , i only had a little soften butter and a little sugar in the bowl when i went from low speed to med speed it suddenly went to high speed and would not come out of high speed . i would not buy this . tried to return but the company wouldnt take it back because it had been 3 months . but it was a gift and i didnt get it for that long after it was bought . go with a kitchen aid . 
the beater rotates around in a circle , i guess meaning it has `` planetary action . '' also , it does n't actually touch the bottom , so you will need to use a spoon to mix up the very bottom of the batter . and mine is holding up just fine ! 
china : ) mine still works for over a year now and i use it every 2-3 days to make dough for my chiabatta and pizza : ) 
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's made in china . i will tell you that i use mine at least once a week , even more , and i load that thing to almost overflowing . it works wonderfully . i have had no problems at all with it , and i 'm baking for my family of 7 ( or more if there 's company coming ) . 
i 'm not 100 % sure but i would say no and also i do n't think i would put that kind of money in it even if they did.. 
absolutely right ! 
about 26 '' ca n't say specifically as my installation makes it difficult to measure exactly . 
i believe it was roughly 2 to 2 and a half feet . around 8 inches between shelves . good shelf . i bought it for my offshore job . left it with my old crew . i bought the sticky shelf paper for it . worked great . 
shelves are 17.5 wide x 11.8 deep the unit will hold about 15-17 pounds on each shelf . i have my dvd player on a shelf my cable box on a shelf and my wii and router on a shelf with no problems . i hope this helps 
it gets very hot , sides , top and front . the back gets extremly hot . the back has stops to keep it away from the wall but i would advise to keep it a little further away . 
2 , one on the top and one on the bottom , very efficient though . 
1050 watts 
i had the same question and found the manual on the hamilton beach web site - this is what they had to say ... to clean crumb tray : 1. ensure oven is completely cool . 2. remove baking pan and rack from oven . tilt oven back . push handle down to unlock crumb tray . 3. pull tray down and out . gently shake crumbs out of tray and wipe with a damp , clean cloth . 4. push tray back and lock into place . note : crumb tray is not removable . 
outside measurements : 14 1 2 '' across , 7 3 4 '' high ( includes small legs ) , 8 3 4 '' deep . 
it does have a shelf , but it must be taken out manually . 
the inside pan is 9 x 7 1 2 . 
it only has 1 rack and 1 setting for the rack . the problem is that the rack sits closer to the bottom coils , so anytime you use it , the bottom burns before the top toasts . the only way to avoid burning anything is to turn it over halfway through toasting , which to me , is an inconvenience not worth dealing with . hope this helps . 
you can only really fit 4 for proper toasting , six would fit , but it would n't all toast evenly . 
two pronged regular plug . not a great toaster . can not shut it off once toaster starts . 
its great for bread too ! ! ! it adjusts to the size of the item you put in the slots . i have even toasted hamburger buns with success ! ! ! ! 
it is approximately , 11 1 2 by 11 1 2 '' . larger than what i expected . 
two easily removable ( and easy to clean ) crumb trays , each the size of two slots . 
there are heating elements on all sides but the ones in the middle are not as hot as the outside elements . it takes forever for the inside sides to toast . i would not recommend this toaster . i am sorry i purchased it . 
yes it does . the lever can also be raised a bit so the toast comes up some . i 've not had a problem with it . i like this toaster . it toasts evenly and well , and it 's nice and hot for melting butter : ) i have the two-slice though but it 's likely built the same way . 
they 're 5,5 '' x 1,5 '' . 
yes , it 's only 120v 
yes , there is a cancel button . 
plastic or wood . never use metal . and when cleaning just use a soft sponge . never use the abrasive side . 
the actual height of the pan is 2 '' to the top from the counter . 
i just washed and cooked . with the handle , i do n't think oven would be appropriate . it is nonstick , so do n't think oil would be necessary either . i love mine . 
the bottom of the pan is about 10 1 2 '' and the top is 12 '' . fantastic pan especially with the lid . i just bought the 9 1 2 '' one . they have an embossed coating so nothing sticks . 
i would absolutely by this pan again , i have had it now for a number of months , probably use 3-4 times weekly ... rarely with non-stick friendly tools ... and it is showing no sign of wear . recommend highly ! 
been using it on my ceramic top stove every morning for a couple months , no issues . 
sorry , i have no idea ... 
gave as a gift . they love i5 . they have gas stove . i do know you should not use very high heat . 
not sure but i would not recommend the pan . it tarnished easily . i bought a $ 10 pan from walmart after i invested in two of these pans that stand up to heat and cleaning much better . 
i actually bought it for brewing beer . it is taller and narrower ( about 16 '' tall x 13.5 dia . ) than most 9 gallon pots . this is good for me because it fits on my stove top . obviously , that 's not a factor in frying a turkey . it 's good quality and has been great for me so far . it would probably fit a medium sized turkey . you might want a shorter , fatter one ( maybe 15 '' dia . ) for a big turkey . 
dont know for sure but it is a good thick pot . i bought from bass pro first and sent that pot back . this one is really good and holds heat well . 
they are spot welded on the pot i have . 
yea a pain ! i soaked it and used a scrubbie . turns out that pan is very resistant to all types of cleaning products if anything sticks . i usually let the pan soak overnight . it 's my favorite pan 
the inside is not teflon -- it is a coated ceramic that does n't flake off like the usual non stick pans . i have these pans and they are really great . 
korea 
they are fairly light unless you have lid on . i have n't weighed them but they are n't cheap feeling 
no 
korea . i love the 2 frying pans.best non stick i 've ever used . 
no ... 
i called mountain woods . they did tell me that the product is manufactured in china . 
mesh ? if the mesh screen is damaged i would ask the manufacturer if you can get a replacement part . my press works beautifully ! i have not had this issue . 
its not folded over , but its cut clean and the mesh is fine enough that it is not ragged like some others i 've had . i should mention that the tea leaves keep sneaking by the mesh somehow ... so i 'm not in love with this thing . 
i think the 870 is a smaller basket so it will not work . 
you would pop in the basket from your dual spout and pull a shot like you normally do . the difference is you will see the whole process in action as it saturates and extracts the puck . look on youtube and search for bottomless portafilter o naked espresso shot . i think the coffee has a more intense flavor since it does n't hit another piece of metal and get divided . it will go straight into your shot glass . the other thing is you can understand by how the stream flows if it 's over or under extracting . it should look syrupy and smooth with a tapering effect at the bottom of the stream . it 's the only way i pull shots on my machine since i got it ! 
no , the bes058np naked portafilter is a 58mm portafilter . the portafilter size for the bes840xl infuser is 54mm . 
i 'm sorry ... i bought it for a breville machine . i do not know . 
the one i reveived locks in even tighter than the original included portafilter and neither have ever moved even a smidge during normal operation or even when bumping them 
26 '' h x 21 '' w x 10 '' d 
about 22 '' long , 10 '' deep , and 25 '' tall . it 's perfect for a corner . 
26 '' h x 21 '' w x 10 '' d 
it has only a thin foam pad backed by a somewhat harder plastic . it holds it 's form . 
15 '' x 12 '' x 4.5 '' at the tallest end , probably 3.5 '' at the shortest end . i really like it , has plenty of storage & is comfortable . 
grey 
it does n't conform to your legs . but it is soft , similar to a travel pillow . 
mine is 18x18 and fits 
i do n't know why they would n't be . the inside is all poly fiberfill , which i 've washed many times in the past . sometimes you have to kind of reshape them , however , and i would n't put them in a real aggressive wash cycle because of that factor . a frontloader would certainly be the best machine since it 's much gentler . 
stitched solid 
maggie , thank you for your email . yes you only get one shipping charge for your order . no matter how many items you ordered . sincerely , gerrie 
it fits in my 16x16 pillow case . it makes it nice and fluffy . 
i believe it 's for indoors only . 
i 'm not sure . to be honest i usually hand wash linens or take them to a professional cleaners . 
as long as the outside material is weather resistant you should be fine . they wash well and fluff nicely with tennis balls thrown in the dryer with them . 
well , obviously all 65 books wont fit on one shelf so i think you should be fine with the weight . i have 3-ring binders packed full of papers lining one shelf ( there must be 18 or so binders on one shelf ) and by themselves they are quiet heavy . i havent seen any trouble yet with the weight . just to be safe though , i would start with the bottom shelf and load moving up . good luck . 
particle board that 's laminated . brittle material . 
it looks like a `` miniwax '' type finish . it is darker than cherry . 
approx 36 '' wide & 72 '' tall 18 '' deep 
altra furniture 1 800 489 3351 parts are at this website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments 1116_ai-b34119509600+20110602.pdf 
yes , but the instructions are easy to follow . 
the doors slide up so you can place items in them . from bottom to top of door when open is just under 12 inches 
the shelfs measure about 12 '' apart . i have a large size bible that will not stand upright in the bookcase . 
the size of the furniture is in the description of it near the bottom of the page . 
this duvet has only buttons on the sides to hold the unit inside the cover . if you think the unit will shift significantly inside the cover , then i take very small safety pins ( like 1 2 '' long ) and do pins in the 4 corners to hold down . i never needed to do this on current duvet ... ..i have had to do it on old cover that had no buttons . the basic answer is that it depends on the `` slip factor '' of the two cloth materials . when the two materials slide easily , then you would like to pin down . with low slip factor , you shake the comforter once a week and it is all back to normal . tjcooper 
yes , the material is thick . you wo n't be able to see any pattern underneath . i have white down comfort under my duvet and nothing is visible . 
it 's very soft . it has a silky feel to it . 
if by thin you mean cheaply made , the answer is no . this item in my opinion is well made . it can be used in the summer months when the air conditoner is on as well when fall arrives . the material will keep it 's shape after washing . i would suggest to wash it on a delicate cycle this way it will last for some time . over all i 'm happy i purchased this product . i hope this helped you . 
cookware for induction ranges have to be magnetic , e.g . iron or steel . non-magnetic materials , e.g . aluminum , wo n't work . if a magnetic wo n't stick to the pan , it wo n't work . 
they are lightweight do n't require high temps in order to cook . easy to clean , i love my set . the only downside is that the biggest skillet did n't come with a lid , and i would have liked a medium sized sauce pan . 
the diameters are as follows ; the big pan is 11 '' , the 6 quart pot and the small pan are 9.5 '' . the small pot is 6 '' . 
yes . i do it all time . 
you got three answers and none addressed your question . the respondents must be liberal democrats . i too would like to know what size frying pans . 
i use butter or olive oil regularly and it works fine dishwasher cleans it up . do not overcook with high heat - that makes it harder to clean up 
do n't know . we just wipe ours out with a paper towel . 
yes they are machine washable . 
i have leaned against mine on the couch now for a couple of months and it has n't flattened at all . 
i used these pillow inserts on a couch , but only for docorative purposes . the material is polyester , which is relatively soft , and perhaps softer than you prefer . i would suggest looking into a foam rubber material . i 'm not exactly certain of the firmness you are looking for . i do enjoy mine however . good luck ! 
no they do not have a zipper . i was unsure of what size to get and went with the 22x22 . should have gone bigger . i like them really full . 
yes they do . snug fit , looks great . 
it has us plug for 110v and is not supported in italy 
no it does n't make any noise but the problem is the smell . when you warm food , the smell goes every where and that seems to be annoying to people . you need to warm it up at least 40 min before meal and that is long enough to get complained from upset people in the office . 
when it 's almost ready to eat yes , the food smells like when you are heating it on the microwave or stove top . 
hi luciana , yes , it is 110 
it was a christmas gift he says no but he has one that does when he drove a truck i would ask amazon to look for that one 
yes , it comes with a plug-in cord 
no , sorry . you need to remember about your lunch . : ) 
there is no power switch . you plug in and is on , you unplug and is off . 
it only plugs in to a 120vac outlet . you would need a 12vdc-to-120vac inverter in the car . 
yes , there is a plastic insert that you put the food into to heat it . it is dishwasher safe and easy to clean . 
this product includes scrub brush attachments , 4 cleaning pads , 2 buffing cloths , 2 steam scrubbers , and a carpet sanitizing tray . if you have any other questions let me know . thank you . 
mine did but the product did n't last long and so never had a chance to use it . i only used it twice before it died . wasted good money on it . 
mine did n't last long enough to find out . it only lasted one cleaning and it was my kitchen floor . i have always washed my laminate on my hands and knees since i have dogs and ca n't always get all the hair up before washing . i then use my shark vacuum . 
yes 
i measured it at 18 feet . 
honestly , i am not sure what would get white carpet clean . yes , this steam cleaner works , but i am not sure it would rid all of the stains since they are `` set in '' . for a fresh stain it works good . 
yes it comes a pad to rest it on , 4 pads that are washable , and the brushes for the scrub feature . this is a great household addition 
our has seen only limited use so far , but turns smoothly and quietly.sounds like yours might have an assembly quality control issue . 
yes my support is stainless . ..and i 've used this extractor twice already . ..and honestly it is awesome ! ! ! 
yes it works fine for all sizes of frames . you just have to be sure you have two of the same size at the same time to keep it in balance 
the measurements for the area where the frames fit into are 18 inches tall , 10 inches wide and 2 inches deep . hope this helps . 
no , i just put on floor while spinning and then put on small table with 5 ga. bucket and filter below , then open the spigot . works fine . 
let the bees clean it sit it out side they will clean it better than u can 
if the racks are turning the handle is turning . 
yes it works fine on medium .also will do 4 smale frams also . 
it came from vivo located in goodfield illinois . web address www.vivo-us.com 
tangential 
yes it does fit model # 6700. i checked , and that is the model i have . i have been using the replacement blade skirts on this blender . joan m . 
mine did n't . it was n't even the same skirt that was showen on the sellers site . 
it works perfectly . i ordered mine because some of the plastic parts of the old one had broken off- poor design . i am really careful with this one . sure beats buying a new blender . 
legs , back and seat separte . very simple to assemble . took less than 30 min . 
it 's the width . the depth is about 2inches more . 
they are n't too light in color that any little mark will drive you crazy but i did spill some wine on one and a steamer took it right out . 
the legs are darkish , like mahogany . the chairs are not flimsy ; they are sturdy and i would think they could hold up to 300 lbs . be aware that the seat is very firm and has a hump that may or may not soften as they are used . ca n't tell whether it is springs or just lots of new stuffing . 
no . 
oatmeal nubby upholstery fabric . legs are walnut . 
the width across the widest part of the front of the seat is slightly over 20 inches . 
less than 10 pounds if i remember correctly . this chair is more taupe than gold . 
legs are 14 '' and the top of seat cushion is 21 '' 
yes very sturdy and very good quality . 
i never noticed that problem . of course i was using it in alaska . i found it quite comfortable . 
i added a pillow top ( hollander ultimate 400 tc cuddlebed ) for extra comfort . completely changed my bed and the comfort . highly recommend . if you are concerned about protection and are only using the memory foam topper i would definitely get a mattress cover . 
mine is kind of a cream ish 
the queen size topper is approximately 58 '' x 78 '' and the king is 74 '' x 78 '' . this is slightly smaller than standard sizing to allow for variations in actual mattress sizing and to ensure your sheets will fit over the topper and your mattress . 
it is very dense . my mother has a top-of-the-line tempurpedic bed and this mattress topper feels about as dense . it 's on the bed in our guest room and the two people who have slept on it really liked it . if you need a firm sleeping surface , i would definitely recommend it . 
yes , there is a small groove on the top of one that fits into the bottom of another . they stack nicely . as long as they are in a bag or box of some sort they should stay nicely . 
12 boxes . each box can hold 6 cupcakes . 
yes , they have tabs that seal nicely . 
i believe they will , i made normal cupcakes and they did not fill the holder 
regular cupcakes 
no there were not indents for fingers , but we had no trouble getting the cupcakes out without messing up the decorated cupcakes . 
it 's very easy to re-install the liners . there are velcro strips attached to each bag that are easy to line up against one another . i usually do n't connect the two bags because they fill up so quickly . installing the bags are sort of like putting a trash bag in a trash can , no different . enjoy ! 
i use one side for light colors and the other fpr dark . each side is good for a medium load of laundry . we have it in our bedroom and it just looks like a nice basket . 
the division is only from the 2 linen bags . its soooo worth it and well constructed . i have had nothing fall outside of the bags . enjoy ! 
it says made in vietnam . 
34.5 '' by direct measurement . lid is only 11 '' and part of it is is below the swivel point . 
no ! 
yes 
yes 
not hard at all . there are side handles just below the lid handles which makes it very easy to carry . i 'm very happy with this product . 
there was no smell , this is a nice full-sized hamper that looks good and i 've washed the inserts and no shrinkage or very little . i think for what it 's supposed to do , it 's perfect . 
i put some pink himalayan salt in that has chunks about the size of a pea and it seems to do well with medium to course grind , but does n't manage the fine . 
no 
i have used it for this kind of salt for only three weeks . so far , so good . 
comes out the top . you can adjust the grind from fine to course . 
it 's been a while since i purchased mine , but i 'm pretty sure it is . table salt would n't need a grinder anyway ! 
turn grinder over and unscrew cap to refill 
hi dee , sorry it took so long to respond to your inquiry . to be very honest , there is not a whole lot of difference between the two . i only bought the softworks grinder because i already had the good grips pepper grinder ! they both work very well and the only thing that i can tell you is the name of each describes the design of the bottle . the good grips has a harder bottom part which is what you twist to get the pepper . the soft works is a smaller bottom and not as hard of a material . i 'm not sure if this helps but , in truth , they are both good , cost about the same so it is kind of a personal choice on which style you like better . happy seasoning ! ! 
yes . i have a pair of these and use one for salt and one for peppercorns . nice quality . 
yes it fits nicely 
i have n't tried it with the beehouse . the hole in the hario is slightly less than 3 inches diameter ... maybe that measurement will help you figure it out . it looks to me like the notches at the bottom of the beehouse would prevent it from sitting on the flat surface of the hario . 
the drip coffee funnel sits on top . a coffee mug or small glass pitcher below 
what scale do you want to use ? this stand is designed to work specifically with the hario scale so that the scale slides into the bottom of the stand and fits securely , becoming one unit . i think the stand could fit on top of another scale for sure but i 'm not sure another scale would slide into the stand the same way . 
do n't think so.i use it as drip coffee maker . mug or small pitcher at base . 
thanks for your question , according to the supplier 's page , this mat is 1 '' high . i hope this helps ! 
yes 
yup . the mat is made up of slats . gaps between each board . i had the same idea but it really is n't practical for outside of the shower . 
no not slippery . we use in the shower too . 
i am not certain . i did n't care for how hard and uncomfortable it was to stand on so we returned it . but i love the teak corner bench we kept and have in our shower . loved that ! 
it was the largest we found . we use ours as a seat across our tub . it works well to help me get in and out . 
yes it does 
yes you can it 's low enough . 
i think i used a 13w cfl . 
yes , there is a screw or nut when remove bulb . make sure power is off for safety . 
16 1 2 x 9 3 4 '' 
i recall that they did include the metal part of the light fixture . it was riveted to the plastic . i can not be sure that it had the light fixture too , but i am leaning towards yes . hope others can confirm . i sent it back because it was smaller dimensions than advertised and would not cover the hole . good luck . 
it is under the fan on the housing . it should be a sticker 
to be honest , i have no idea ... i still have this one in the box because i had to replace the entire unit ... let me know if you would like me to take a photo or measurements of it for you and i 'll gladly help ! 
the grille is held in place by the lightbulb `` housing plate '' . remove the bulb , unscrew the housing , feed it thru the center of the grille , then screw the housing back in place . the lens snaps on off the grille . 
same maker , same machine ... but nutri has much more powerful motor to crush hard vegetables , seeds , and nuts . 600 watts vs. 250 watts . nutri also comes with an extractor blade . that 's about it for the difference . 
absolutely ! it will blend , dice , cut , pulverize any veggie or leaf greens . my wife does broccoli , kale , and spinach in it all at the same time . 
the larger sized containers is valuable when making recipes -- if you do a lot of scratch cooking -- just because of the volume the larger containers hold . i am enjoying our set very much . if you have any other questions , i would be happy to answer . 
no , mine has never leaked ( when i 'm using it properly ) , however , if you do n't place the rubber seals inside the blade lids when your blending it will leak and make a huge mess . 
i believe the difference between the single shot and the express kit is not the base - it is the attachments that are included . the single shot kit includes a bullet base ( standard ) , a flat blade and four party cups . the express kit comes with the bullet base , a flat blade and a cross blade , tall and short mixing containers and four party cups . both kits have the same bullet motor base and different attachments . 
i found the magic bullet very helpful for processing baby food . it lends itself to many applications throughout the kitchen . 
i do n't believe it will without a power converter and even using that it may ruin you magic bullet . the magic bullet is meant to use 110 electrical outlets and i believe india runs on 220 electrical outlets . 
i do n't see any bpa free mark . even if it is bpa free , there are still plenty of chemicals in it that create estrogen . i would have prefered glass as well . since it is plastic , it is important not to put it in the freezer ( to keep your smoothie frozen while you drink the rest ) and do n't put it in the dish washer - i keep all plastics out of my dish washer . i should mention about no plastics in the dishwasher - before i started this practice in my house , i was having sweats like i was in menopause , but i was n't . once i stopped putting plastic in the dishwasher ( not even plastic handled knives or pot lids with plastic knobs ) , microwave and freezer ( and stopped drinking bottled water ) the sweats went away . 
yes , it 's actually 2 pieces . a little misleading with the `` 26 '' pieces -- but yes , the blender top is 2 pieces -- much like a typical blender top 
cooked-yes . 
there are 4 in the box . yellow , blue , green , and sort of pink purple 
they are glass . 
sorry , we wash all wine glasses by hand . 
they are about 8-1 2 inches high . i 'm very happy with the ones i ordered . 
3 inches 
i would say they are glass but a very nice glass - elegant - reflects the light . unless you are ordering `` waterford '' or a similar named brand crystal maker - most stemware is a type of glass and does n't usually meet the exact requirements of crystal . 
15 '' long and 1.5 '' wide black metal . mine are on the inside of a cabinet door below my cooktop . we open and close that cabinet door frequently , so i ended up having to put two on the door because with just one the knives were falling off when we closed the cabinet door . works great with two - more area to grip the blades of the knives - they are spaced about 3 '' apart . 
not sure of the scientific answer , but this thing holds our 8 '' chef 's knife and the rest of the knives , no problem . it 's really strong . if you want to put a cleaver on it , it 'll hold . we 're very happy with it , not sure what other people had problems with . 
it has a metal strip which slides into the back with screw holes in it . with that in place it will not stick to a fridge . however if you leave the strip off it will stick . that being said with little weight on it it will slide down . so unless you mount it to the fridge somehow you want to mount it somewhere else . 
yes . you would need a hacksaw . the magnet will make hard work though . 
thanks for your query . product description cover other parts : aluminum , epoxy polyester powder coating back : steel 
the back is solid ( it 's actually two pieces , a magnetic strip that mounts to the wall , and a metal piece that goes over the top ) . you could use two-sided tape , however the screws offset the base strip from the wall , allowing extra clearance for the knives . if using tape , i would layer a few pieces of padded tape , to mimic that stand-off . it will allow you to grab knives easier , as the handles wo n't be flush against the wall . 
if the metal can be drilled to accommodate two screws , then yes . 
jane , the answer is no , there are not any plastic parts which make contact with the water . also , the unit is great and is value for dollar . i highly recommend . 
yes , i use it to heat water for my soup , it is faster and hotter than the microwave . 
um . no . you set it on the base . it boils . you take it off the base to pour . there are no batteries . 
yes - the inside bottom of the kettle is flat , there are no visible heating elements ( even though i believe they must be somewhere there in the bottom ) . 
it depends on the cup size , i think i could use 5~6 of full mug cup . 
it works great , fast ! ! 
not sure . it shuts down as soon as it comes to a boil . it 's not hot enough for me , i always nuke it a bit . 
its not noisy . 
it houses the heating element . it is attached to the bottom but does not go through to the interior . the entire inside is stainless steel . 
yes , i ordered the royal 1.5 liter stainless steel kettle , however i rec 'd the brentwood , i did a search online , it seems the company is now brentwood , a buyout i suppose . there is n't a difference , just in the name change . 
yes , easily . it fits in the second-to-longest slot . the longest slot is slightly too short for a 10 '' . 
just measured the block and it will hold a 9.750 '' x 2.25 '' blade at it widest and longest slot , sorry . 
2 1 4 '' , 2 '' , 1 3 4 '' , 1 '' , 1 '' 
yes 
yeah , it should be pretty easy to remove . i 
yes . i use it for a wusthof bread knife and it a perfect size . 
will it fit 1 inch width blades ? 
there are four rows of two slots . the bottom row is 6.25 inches ; the seond rowis 7 inches deep ; the third row is 7.5 and the fourth row is 8.75 inches 
base measures 3.5 '' x 6.5 '' . the height is 6.5 '' at its highest point . 
each piece 
each piece is 12x16 and there 3 pieces , and they look very nice 
i 'm glad i bought . its great to look at and gives a wonderful spooky vibe . however , its small . if i had known the size , i would 've went with something bigger . nevertheless , apart from size , its worth the buy . 
dear denise , thank you for your feedback . sorry to make you inconvenient . as the congested post shipment , the shipping maybe cost a little more . as the standard shipping , this time still under it , pls do not worry too much . meanwhile , i will contact the post office , try to confirm and notice them to arrange it quickly.ok ? if still any doubts , pls feel free to tell me and give me more your comments , that will be highly appreciated . thank you very much . kris 
more of a dark red . 
12 x 16 ea piece 
no 
not sure why there are negative reviews . i think it 's beautiful and great for the price . 
could be bigger but otherwise ok . 
no , i gave it away ... ..not easy to ensemble 
8-8.5 '' tall 
yes it is ! i love the straw the cleaner is very handy ! 
it 's an average straw width but i have used it for smoothies without any problems . the lid would easily fit a wider straw if you decide to buy one later . 
most definitely ! i have drank from it and put it through the dishwasher with no problems . 
no . it 's leakproof in the sense that it wo n't leak around the edges while you 're drinking but the holes in the lid do n't seal at all . i transport my jars with the normal mason lid and then switch when i 'm ready to drink . 
i have used mine for coffee and it the lid works great . the only problem is the glass jar gets hot to the touch so this makes it hard to hold onto . 
i do n't have a ruler on me right now ... but there are 2 standard canning lid sizes ... one is the small or `` regular '' lid that is ap prox 3in across ... and the wide mouth lids which are about 4in across ... the ecojar lids are for the regular small lid jars . they 're awesome btw ! ! ! 
yes 
yes 
the item ships from nj , so in theory very quickly . however , the warehouse is backed up because of christmas orders , so we can not guarantee this would ship in time for christmas . 
i found that the charge lasts only and hour or so and it took several hours to charge fully . 
it is not as loud as a normal vacuum but you can hear it in the room it is in . you can not hear it on the floor below . it does not disrupt conversations - it is not that loud . 
i 've had one of these for a few months now and it 's pretty great . it 's not fancy , so it will get stuck from time to time , but it does a good job for the most part . however , deep grooves should n't affect it much . it mostly gets hung up on cords on the ground or stuck under things , ie . my fridge door . 
i do n't know how it compares to the room mate . but this dirt devil robot is a piece of junk . threw it away after only a couple of uses . do not buy ! 
does not work well on carpets 
i have the bd70000bpc and it does n't look like that picture for one thing mine is red . 
11 1 2 x 11 1 2 inches 
they are 23.5 inches tall . not sure of the metal but they were well worth the cost . 
our family loves them ! seat is wide enough for wider rears & is a great height for kids & adults . i use one of them in my office dining room & i find it very comfortable . 
they are very very sturdy ! ! ! i have no idea of a weight limit but they are completely solid 
the barstool 's legs measure 16 '' wide . please let us know if you have any other questions ! 
17 inches by 16.5 inches by 30 inches tall ... .excellent , sturdy box i 've reused for storage . 
the height is perfect for a kitchen counter seating situation . 
sliver color 
this listing is for the full size bed with twin trundle bed . 
it 's a full size bed with twin trundle . 
mattresses are not included . 
no , it is not available in black . 
the manufacturer does not suggest a recommended weight limit for this product . 
the mattress height for the trundle should be less than 8 '' . 
the correct width of this bed is 56.5 '' . 
if u use a box spring & mattress it will be way too high . we bought a very good top mattress and it works great . same for the lower bed . hope this helps ! 
assembly is required . 
it is 79 '' long and the width of the full sized bed with twin trundle pulled out is 98.5 '' . 
i positioned this bed against the wall in my home and there is a 1 inch gap from mattress to wall . so i imagine at least 2 inches between the two mattresses . 
i think you are correct - to be honest - we knew that when we ordered and were ok without a headboard . the bed has been fine and has lived up to our expectations . good luck 
the exact measurements are exactly what is in the amazon advertisement . you assemle it according to the instruccions that come with the bed . i did it myself with no help . easy , just takes time . 
comes with trundle and the trundle is slatted for support 
8 inches , but really tight . i think 6 inches will be better ! 
i do n't know exactly but i have a 11 '' heavy mattress on top and a 8 '' mattress on the trundle . i have no problems . hope that helps . 
we have a double , so ours takes a full sized mattress . i would assume the twin with twin trundle takes a twin mattress . 
yes i believe so - that is about the size of the mattress we have on the trundle - tight fit but it works . 
you can set up on either side . we have the trundle opening from the right side . 
the bed does not rise.. it remains on the floor . 
no , the button is like a locking mechanism that expands the seal to create the air tight sealing . 
small h-4 '' w-5 '' d-3 '' , medium h-6 '' w-5.75 '' d-3.625 '' , large h-6.75 '' w-6.5 '' d-4.25 '' . add 1 2 inch to the top of each for the vacuum seal top . 
mine were broken when i got them so i sent them right back . they did look to be stackable though . 
i 've used them in freezer with no problems . 
the plug is 1 1 8 at base to about 1 1 2 at top ( inches ) to big to fit into a 4ltr carlo bottle they push them selves out . 
it fits pretty much any standard juice container , from the smaller size to the gallons . 
no , they are too small . 
it will fit a 1 1 4 '' hole 
you would have to buy a larger size stopper but the holes are universal in all of the stoppers and the airlocks would fit . 
can you ? with a big hole saw bit , probably . but i do n't know how these will hold up and seal against a thin metal lid like that . these are designed for sealing glass carboys . they 're not as soft as some others but make a good seal against glass in my experience . the softer ones i 've used have popped out during primary fermentation . 
about half way , there should be an etched line 
it is separate . 
this will fit a standard glass carboy . 
i use these for beer - and generally use a blow off assebly because the fermentation overwhelms these three piece airlocks . so , there usually is a lot within about 36 hours of pitching yeast . 
of course it would work , it would basically prevent mold thereby saving you time from having to attend to it daily through clearing the mold . 
the bung that comes with this set is much too small for a better bottle . you need a universal medium bung . 
perhaps , but i do n't see the sprayer getting to the inside very well . to clean these properly , i would suggest using the same sanitizer you might use for beer bottles . hold them under water in the solution and rotate them until all of the air is out . leave them in the solution for 10 minutes , then drain them . they are ready to sue . 
they fit my 6 gallon glass carboy fine , however the bungs are to slick and pop up and release pressure around the bung not through the airlock , fortunately i had a few rubbery ones laying around and used those . however for the price the airlocks are great ! 
a 5 gal . jug for a water dispenser but i had to turn the rubber stopper upside down 
yes , it can be pulled off and re-attached at will . 
plastic 
i am pretty sure they are too big for milk jug . the plugs are 1.25 '' wide at the bottom and flair out to 1.5 '' . the mouth of the jug needs to be between these two numbers . 
package contains 2 twin bubble airlocks and 2 universal carboy bungs that will fit 3 , 5 , 6 and 6.5 gallon glass carboys . 
use a hair dryer 
i have a very tiny kitchen , with very limited counter spaces the microwave needed to sit in a small utility table . i would have liked.a little larger one . the dimensions are a little smaller than stated , they 18 w 12 1 2 d 11 h. my problem was the first one that was sent to me did n't work , i had to return it . i 'm am elderly so that turned out to be a real hassle for me . the second one , so far , works very well . it 's a bit more tinny than i would have liked . hope this helps with your decision . 
12 inches deep front to back 
based on a = w v which is 700 amps 120v =5.8 amps 
18.2 x 13.5 x 10.9 inches ; 29 pounds 
no . the opening is like a sippy cup opening . not meant to insert straws . 
yes . it will leak . there is not a stopper to prevent spills . although , if knocked over on to its side , it would be a small spill if caught quickly . 
i use my cuppow lids for hot espresso drinks , i do n't think hot water would be a problem . i also have ran them through the dish washer without any issues . have had mine for almost 2 years . 
you can pour from it ... it 'll just be a slow pour . the hole is about double the size of a straw . hope that helps . 
2.5 cm = 1 inch ; ) 
i use them for fondant ! but i am sure you can use them for chocolate i would say put the piece in the freezer for 15mins let it get cold then put the chocolate in . as well as after put them in the fridge so they get cold and u can pop them out easily . 
i 'm not sure about the clay but you can not bake anything in it 
good ! 
brush the inside of the mold with shortening , fill the mold with fondant , then cut or pull away the excess and ensure the fondant is flush and flat with the back of the mold . ( you can put a little shortening on your fingers at this point to smooth the fondant ) pop it in the freezer for 5 minutes and then pop it out of the mold . 
it 's ship from china 
i do n't know why they call it a tulip flower when it is actually a bow . buy yes it is very flexible . i use mine for air dry clay . ( but the bows are very fragile and need to dry in the mold , and then they will still crack if not handled carefully . took some practice not to break them . ) 
hi susana ! i have it and it is a bow mold not a tulip flower . 
i got the bows and they came much quicker than noted and works wonderful . i did not notice the description until i ordered . but to my surprise i got the bows . i am very happy with the mold . 
yes 
it 's pretty close to true white . i 'd say it 's somewhere between true white and ivory . 
it should fit , a standard size pillow fits easily the case measures 20 x 25 '' . the pillow case opens with flaps that fold over each other in the middle of the case which make it fairly flexible . the flaps keep the pillow securely inside . i hope this answer helps . 
just one size . 
love the leopard print ! my skin and hair have never been healthier 
not that i know of , sorry 
yes ! ! i have a queen size bed . 
it was but didnt last long very poor 
yes , we can . shipping to australia is $ 48.99 . 
hi , yes , the volume of the bread pan is over 3 quarts . you can bake a 2 lb bread . since i have this lovely machine , we do n't buy bread at all . i also use it for dough . i can highly recommend this bread machine . 
yes . up to 13 hours . 
hold the bread pan on each end and turn to left to unlock . 
contact your seller , the manual and the kneading blade should have came with your bread maker . 
yes 
the online manual says it has a gluten free setting.so my guess is you should be able to bake a gluten free bread . 
yes , you start with the water and then add your dry ingredients . it has a kneading blade . 
it comes with plastic sleeves and has rails . if you put the jewel cases in up and down instead of sideways , they will fit . 
yes it did , the only disappointed thing was the sleeves were n't numbered . 
all i know is that it fits regular dvds and cds . 
i do n't have those cases in my possession anymore , i gave them to my kids for christmas but it is a little taller than a cd so i 'm guessing around 7 or 8 inches to the top of the case . 
it can hold just around 2l without anything in it . 
the steamer is used for making the soup . the important factor to make a good soup is slow cook and well maintained temperature . the function of the steamer is quite simple . put the cooking material into the ceramic pot . the ceramic pot is immersed into the hot water . the hot water is heat up around 100 celsius . then the steamer will control the temperature of the hot water around 100 celsius . then after 2 hours , you will have a delicious soup . such cooking method can tear the meat from the bone . most of the time , we do n't eat the meat because the nutrition is already in the soup . 
yes , let say you want to cook chicken rice soup to eat around 7:00 p.m. tonight . you pre-set the time around 2:00 p.m. it need to pre-set 7 hours for cooking ( 2 hours for cooking rice soup and 5 hours for waiting hours- from 2:00p.m . to 7:00p.m . ) . 
the outer pot is plastic and the transparent top is plastic also . but it did the good jod for fast stew , low stew , 
it can cook rice but it need 35 minutes , it comes with one big pot and two small pots . 
using the big pot , is not necessary to put plastic tray on the bottom . if using two small pot , it needs to use plastic tray to keep it balance . 
yes soup lover family must own product very convernience for baby food 
the brushes are genuine irobot products . they fit and work perfectly . the beater brush feels like rubber - it 's pliable but sturdy . i have been very satisfied with these replacement parts . 
they are disposable , but when i clean them regularly using a conventional canister vacuum or shop-vac , they seem to last for many months . i did once rinse them with water and leave them to dry thoroughly , but i do n't know whether or not that was more effective than vacuuming . 
as long as you keep them clean they have lasted me 1 year or so . 
mine did n't come with the housing box ... 
no , they fit a 700 series . if amazon does n't have replacement parts for the series you have you can go to the irobot website and buy what you need . they are unfortunately more expensive , but they are in stock . 
yes it will ! 
yes , each side brush comes with a new replacement screw . i save the old one just in case , but i 've never needed it . 
yes , the kit contains everything in the picture . 
nope . 
about one meter 
yes it does . also , keep an eye on your electrical outlet and the plug . if they get hot put on lower heat setting . if it is already on low setting , unplug it and move it to another outlet until you find one that runs cool or warm . i found out i had some bad electrical outlets using this heater and possibly inadequate wiring . another thing , i bought 4 of these heaters and 2 of them after about 2 weeks started humming vibrating and rotating counter-clockwise . good luck with yours . 
yes , it does both functions . 
it does n't auto turn off . i 've had mine on for hours at a time . 
as i recall , yes . just turn the fan on without turning up the heat module . 
yes , but make sure it is several feet on all sides away from the wall and the floor is flat . 
white 
no it is not 
you can use the following formula to calculate how much it will cost to operate a 1,500-watt space heater ( or any other electric equipment ) : watts x hours of use 1,000 x cost per kilowatt-hour = cost of operation this means that if a 1,500-watt heater ran 24-hours at a rate of 7.57 cents a kilowatt-hour , the cost would be $ 2.73 a day ( 1,500 x 24 1,000 x $ 0.0757 ) . for a month that would amount to $ 81.76 added to the electric bill of the average customer . source : conservingelectricity.com 
absolutely not true the blender is 250 watts . the original was 350 they cheapened the design and are riding on the name . the only place i saw specs was on the bb website so hopefully my link works . http : www.bestbuy.com site magic-bullet-blender-black 1013848.p ? id=1218208323341 & skuid=1013848 
i make other smoothies but have n't made a green one yet . the ones we made were great 
yes it does . if you 've never had a bullet you will love it ! ! 
yes , this is exactly what i do with it . i also add ice , and use the ice crusher blade . 
hi robin , this little vac does n't charge , it 's electric , plugs into the wall . it 's got a a lot of power , but the motor does get fairly hot when using it . that has n't cause me any issues so far , just thought i should mention it . it also has a very long cord , about 17 feet or so , which is very handy . and it comes with lots of little attachments that are great . but the little hose attachment that goes into the vac does n't fit deeply enough into the nose of the vac , and sometimes pull out easily ... .you could tape it i suppose . overall , i really like this vac . hope this helps . if you have more questions , feel free to ask . 
marleen , the specs reference the motor as 600 watts . thank you , prime time solutions 
probably , its got strong suction while it works , but it stops running after about 5 minutes . i do not recommend it just as others dont in the reviews . dont waste your money . 
unfortunately , china . 
since i have owned this vacuum , i simply use a brush to remove the dust and dirt . it is also safe to run it under some hot soapy water and let it thoroughly dry before placing it back onto the vacuum . just handle the filter carefully while cleaning it . this method will save you lots of money in the long run , as replacement filters can be costly . take care ! 
the electricity just plain quit . and i had to wait for the vac to cool down before it would run again . it works for short periods of time , but not for doing a big project . 
it does have a filter . washable . 
yes , it definitely would work well . 
very . just open , empty the collection cup , brush off the filter & snap back in place . 
i have n't noticed any smell at all . perhaps it depends on what you are vacuuming ? hope this helps . 
they say that they are made in china . 
i am not sure , but i wo n't buy them again . very thin and wrinkles easily . 
shout gel gel not spray 
so sorry . i have no idea what ftc rn means . 
the tag reads 100 % microfiber . i have washed and dried my set , they are still soft , no pilling so far . no ironing ! modal is a type of rayon , [ 1 ] a semi-synthetic cellulose fiber made by spinning reconstituted cellulose , in this case often from beech trees . modal is used alone or with other fibers ( often cotton or spandex ) in household items such as pajamas , towels , bathrobes , underwear and bedsheets . manufacturers claim a number of advantages for the fiber : about 50 % more hygroscopic ( water-absorbent ) per unit volume than cotton , takes dye like cotton , color-fast when washed in warm water , resistant to shrinkage and fading but prone to stretching and pilling . it is also claimed that mineral deposits from hard water do not stick to the fabric surface . it is smooth and soft , more so than mercerized cotton , though some perceive it to have a synthetic texture . modal fabrics should be washed at lower temperatures and , like cotton , are often ironed after washing . 
i am not sure if it would be called jersey , i think it is more like a microfiber . hope this is helpful . i 'm not real sure what jersey feels like . 
www.fullerproducts.com sells them for $ 4.95 plus small shipping fee , fbspfm-15 is the part number . i just ordered several of them to keep on hand . 
you take off the floor attachment and put on the long tubelike tool . it is great for getting dirt out of sliding door tracks or in cracks or crevices . the vacuum is a little clumsy to hold with the tool on , but the whole think is so light that it is not a problem . 
i rescue cats , so i currently have 7 adult cats in my 2-bedroom apartment , with all hardwood floors . i just bought this and was very impressed the first time i used it . i have had a number of different vacuums with varying degrees of effectiveness and i finally settled on this one because it seemed more well-made than other sweeper vacs i 've tried . parts seem more durable . i felt like it was really picking up the hair , and the dust . walking around the apartment afterwards the floors felt really clean . i think it would work for a dog . also nice : long cord meant i did n't have to keep plugging into different outlets as i moved from room to room , and it did a decent job on my low pile bedroom area rug too . hope this helps . 
i have had mine about a month or month and a half & just cleaned the filter for the first time today ( after i saw your question & # 128522 ; ) . the manual recommends cleaning it with warm water once a month . the filter system seems well made . i pounded off the dirt & rinsed it in warm water as suggested . looks like that should do the trick . this is only the second stick vac i have owned , and i 'm impressed with the suction for such a small , light machine . my other stick vac was a eureka , the boss . i was never impressed with how it cleaned . we have a dog , who loves to go outside to chase the squirrels , in our rainy northwest weather . he always brings in a lot of dirt on his fluffy fur . this little vac has been great for keeping the dirt cleaned up in our 12x40 kitchen family room . the small head is also handy for vacuuming the tile bathroom floors . we had hardwood installed last year & i bought an expensive miele vacuum to use on our hard surfaces . a great machine , but awkward & too heavy for my arthritis . my little fuller brush is so easy to handle . my miele sits ignored most of the time now . hope this helps . lynn 
it does not have a rotating brush so it is not intended for plush carpet . i have berber carpet and it does a great job on that and my throw rugs along with my hardwood floors . 
love this vacuum ... i have 3 pets that are hairy and it picks up all the hair everyday ! ! the base it about 11 '' wide and about 4 '' deep . 
i am not at home to view the warranty but i want to say that it is for one year 
yes , it works great , no scratches 
i recently purchased this vac and have not changed the filter but i did vacuum it once with my canister vacuum and it looked as good as new . i do this with my hand vac filter as well and i have had the hand vac for 4 years . i hope to get the same kind of mileage with the spiffy maid filter . 
yes , it has a 9 horsepower motor , and we are very pleased with the amount of dirt it picks up . 
the detachable hose has a collar which is the dusting brush . it slides downward and locks in place when you want to use it . slide it up and out of the way , and the hose end is exposed . there were no separate attachments that came along with the unit , otherwise . as an aside , please allow me to inform you that this is the most powerful hand-held vacuum cleaner i have ever owned . it does the most important thing a vacuum cleaner can do ... provide powerful suction ! great little vacuum ! highly recommended ! 
it does have a detachable belt , i know this as i got something wound up in it and had to take it apart ! lol i do n't know if they sell just the belts though . you could check with the fuller co on that . 
if i understand your question correctly , the answer is : yes , it rotates automatically . the suction is great as well . i really like this vacuum . the only problem i have had with it is that twice the dirt bin popped off while i was using it . i think i must have accidentally hit the release button during use or maybe i did n't snap it in correctly after emptying it . otherwise i 've been very pleased with this purchase . 
genie , the fuller brush power maid is 7 amps . thank you . 
it has not gotten hot and shut off yet . i use it to vacuum my stair case and a few chair seats . it is great for all that i have tried to do with it . 
you could . but i think it would be to bulky for car seats and hard to manuver on the flooring . the hose is not long enough for something like that either . 
no 
2 lbs not heavy at all . great for steps or quick clean ups . 
no , it has a detachable plastic canister with a flip lid . it is easy to empty and reattach . 
it has a powerful motorized brush and an additional suction hose 
the hook can be turned in the other direction , burnot exactly swivel 
16 3 4 inches 
huggable hangers are 1 4 '' thick . slim-line platinum are 3 16 '' thick , definitely slimmer than the other brands ; they seem to be just as durable . 
the item 's info states , `` sold in packs of 10 '' 
you would have to put a piece of foam or larger diameter round tube over the bottom bar . the bottom bar is a heavy wire and i do n't think that it will prevent a wrinkle . i hang mine from heavy skirt hangers . 
yes , virginia ... i have mine on wooden closet rods . they are very sturdy substantial . please note the hook is fixed , wo n't swivel ... too bad , wish they would . hope this helps . donna 
19 '' and they are very heavy duty and amazing ... 
i only received one . 
6-1 4 '' at widest point . 
yes we offer both styles on amazon 
shipping is included in the price . thanks 
each hanger is $ 0.75 . they are very well made and fit all of the clothes for the ag doll . 
hello , i purchased 7 hangers for .75 each . i paid 7.95 shipping for a total of 13.20 i made my purchase from the closet hanger store . hope this is helpful 
you order as many as you want . the style pictured is sixty-five cents each . the company also offers a hanger with a crossbar and clips on it for pants and skirts . the hangers are really well made . 
i had to replace the same piece . it was necessary to contact samsung directly . 
just bought a dyson city vac . it has a small power-head but seems to have good suction and i love the attachments and the overall versatility of the machine . i liked the samsung power-head really well for carpets however , the wand of my samsung broke and they seemingly were n't able to replace it . samsung has very poor customer service . friendly but not helpful . we made several calls to samsung and were refunded for the vacuum . you may want to check them out on the better business bureau website . dyson is known for quality customer service . 
the carpet head is a little less than 4 '' , and the bare floor head is around 2 '' . you can lay the handle almost completely flat . works under all of my beds . there is one tool that comes with it . it is the skinny crevice hose adapter but it also comes with an attachement for the end of it with a small brush . worked great for cleaning my ceiling fans , wood blinds and base boards . i 've had the vacuum for about a month now . use it every other day . 2600sqft house with 2 kid and a lab that sheds alot . still working great . used it for a week before i noticed it has different suction settings.lol it starts on the medium setting . never needed more than that..with the dog hair , the canister need emptying almost every time . but its easy and my dog sheds like crazy..but so does my wife..lol i 'm still real happy with it . time will tell , my last vacuum lasted about 3 years with the amount of use it gets here . it was a bissell pet clean upright vacuum . the handle broke in half on me . 
really good . i do n't think it 's totally clear in the description that there are two different heads for the vacuum . one for hardwoods and one for carpets . i think they both work really well three levels of section really help 
the handle is long enough for use but it has a problem breaking at the top where you see the handle and they do n't have replacement parts for it unless you purchase the a new hose and head for $ 110.00 . there are no replacement parts for this unit samsung dropped the ball on there first vacuum ( no parts ) the only good review i can give is it has great suction . 
according to the paperwork with the machine , it 's 5 years parts and labor . 
go to their website : http : www.samsung.com us support . it will walk you through getting warranty 
if you already on this vacuum you can call samsung customer service for a retailer . if you have n't bought this product do not but it . it is very poorly made . the wand broke within 4 weeks and samsung has been a nightmare of nonresponsiveness . if you own it you have my condolences . 
mine broke within 3 months . they charged me $ 80 to replace the part . it still does n't work on carpet , but works on my kitchen floors . 
i believe korea . did n't hold up at all . under a year the wand broke . very cheap plastic . 
this product coms whit samsung warranty 
call samsung for parts for it i did 
yes , it can ! the long handles is kind of annoying , as it telescopes out very easily . 
the vacuum worked great for pet hair on rugs and carpet but is too large to use on furniture . the attachment ( turbo brush ) is worthless . 
it fits nicely on my daughter 's full sized bed 
it is , but do n't dry the comforter on too high a heat . you 'll melt it like i did the first wash. it was a small spot so we still use it . 
the one we got was actually a twin as that is the bed she has . . there may be one available in full size though 
do n't think so 
it is a microfiber . it feels soft , kind of silky , and lightweight , but is surprisingly warm . it is not cotton , so it does n't say have a threadcount . 
i use it everyday and it seems to work really well . the coffee is fresh and it is an airtight seal . i like it . 
i fit a whole pound of coffee with no problem . 
it does help far more than leaving it in the bag , but realize this applies only to beans . make sure your beans are freshness dated , and beyond 14 to 21 days any stored beans in a container of this type will lose depth of flavor . i own this container and i have been happy with it . but i go to a local coffee shop and buy fresh beans every two weeks . 
i would contact the seller . mine definitely came with the scoop . 
if you 're looking for what substance most quickly reduces the freshness of coffee , oxygen is the guilty party . a one-way valve prevents more oxygen from coming into the container , while also allowing freshly roasted beans to `` off-gas '' carbon dioxide ( a natural process ) . you ca n't get rid of the oxygen that 's already in there , so it 's best to minimize the number of times you open and close the container . here 's a more technical description : http : coffeetime.wikidot.com one-way-valves-and-coffee-storage 
i always leave the top damper open 100 % . i 've found that i do n't need to fine tune the dampers when using this . the bottom dampers are obviously closed , with the exception of the damper the fan is using . 
i 've been getting around 7hrs without any intervention . pile your lump charcoal w smoking chunks but only light one end and you 'll get plenty of cooking time . i 've kept it going for 14 hrs with two reloads . just had my brothers over for a week and they are all looking at buying this setup and dumping the electric smokers they 've got . 
i believe it would fit because the cup covers the vent hole with room to spare . i do n't think the radius of the other smokers is so radically different that it would n't fit . my experience with durability has been great . i use mine year round so i 've left it out overnight in snow and in rain . when i do this i put it inside a 2 liter soda bottle with the bottom cutoff . i them hang that from a little table i keep nearby for accessories and grilling stuff . this allows air into the device but keeps the device dry and out of the elements . the probe has held up well and i 've had no issues at all after many many smokes . at this point if it broke i would buy another immediately given all the use i 've gotten out of this one . my bbq parties have gotten bigger and bigger since buying it so having the smoker on autopilot while i prep other dishes has been very liberating . 
yes . i have the weber one touch gold and have the iq110 installed . you just have to drill a 1 2 in hole in the bottom of the grill to allow the attachment of the silver cup . just make the hole out of reach of the sweeper vanes of the one touch cleaning system . then simply close the vanes while using the pitmaster . 
if it has an air adjustment intake that the adapter can screw to , then yes it will work . 
warranty is 180 days per pitmaster website here http : pitmasteriq.com policies . made in u.s.a. also per their website . 
yes . i actually have the a weber performer i drilled a 1-3 8 '' hole towards the front bottom of the grill just above the vent . i leave the housing on and plug he opening when i grill other food . 
it 's the flow rate - the amount of air being pushed . cubic feet per minute . 
i 'm not sure about a uds . the iq110 has a kind of metal `` cup '' that fits over one of the vents in the bottom of my kettle grill tightly . it adjusts from inside the cooker with a folding nut kind of thingie to keep it tight . then i have to cover all other air vents in the bottom of the grill , put aluminum foil over about 2 3s of the lower ( charcoal ) grate , then it 's ready to light charcoal , put charcoal in uncovered area of lower grate , put on cooking grate , put in the iq110 thermostat sensor , turn on and set it , and then it 's off to the cooking races . the cup thingie is flat , but sits good on the curved bottom of my weber . it should work on my offset smoker , too , since it only has one vent even though the side where the vent is , is flat . hope this helps you . 
i believe you can buy an adapter . check the pitmasteriq website . i think they have adapters for most of the popular smokers . 
sadly it is packed away for winter . but it is about 2-3 feet . pretty sure it can be removed , but if not , you can just get a coupler to join more hose together and make it longer . however , i think it is just right . i attached to the fence next to the smoker and it is pleanty long . 
if the vents do not close you would need them taped . as long as the vents close you should be fine . 
there is n't any need to drill a hole in the weber using the iq . you simply use the manifold adapter on one of the vents and cover the other two with tape . https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=ex9ut0hz8zi 
i ran 16hrs with it no problem . that 's the longest smoke i have done so far . 
the 120 has a digital readout and i believe a little bit larger cfm fan , whereas the 110 is an analog dial . 
probably an rtd . google an rtd chart ... 
i 've had 3 grown adults on mine approx 500 lbs easily . 
the bench is 48 inches long . i just measured it to be sure . 
i think standard we use it for our kitchen table and its great height for that . 
i think it can be outside if it 's in a covered area away from the elements . it 's a sturdy bench and easy to maintain but if it 's left out in the elements it may get a little messed up . 
the bench is 48 inches long , 17 inches high , and 14 inches deep 
i bought two sets of four ( same item number both times ) about a month apart . the first set is 48 ' long , and the second is 47 1 2 '' long . i 'd guess that 47.5 '' would most likely be the correct measurement . good luck ! 
47 1 2 '' long 14 1 2 '' wide 18 '' high 
42 inches 
no it does not . sorry 
un plug let it sit for 1 2 hour replug reprograme see if that helps 
14 inches tall 
yes , it does have a 3 prong cord . 
does it even have a filter ? i know it has a filter for the coffee but does it have another somewhere and where ? 
yes but it takes about 4 weeks its about $ 24.00 i bought a damaged carton for 28.00 ( hint ) if you pull the shut off thingie out in the bottom of the plastic basket you can use any pot . save the parts when you get your new one just bush it back in . 
i believe the answer `` yes '' . go online , wolfgang puck products , and find what you need . i 've done it before . hope this helps you . 
has never happened to me . does it go away when you push program button ? or program + hour ? 
i do not understand the question ! sorry 
do n't know 
these are very sturdy units and very simple design so a 60 '' should work fine . we have mounted 40-50 '' on these - some samsungs and some vizios . there is a very big bag of spacers , bolts and washers and most tvs are similar on the back for mounting , so you should be fine . the only draw back may be needing to drill a few holes if you 'd like to mount the tv a little higher up . 
i believe the one i purchased was for a tv up to 60 '' . that 's what is mounted on it . i 'm sure there are others for larger tvs . 
yes . the cart is designed around the industry standard bolt patterns . it will be fine . 
yes , you can just leave it off . we use this stand for trade shows and displays . it is great and very heavy duty . we felt it was a great value . 
it has holes to channel wires , but no clips , i used cable ties . 
on our kurig at work , i use the 8oz button so i have room for cream , but i guess the capacity in total is about 10 ounces . i would n't put it in the dishwasher , but thats just me . apparently , it messes up the battery indicator . just hand wash it . i 've hand washed mine a hundred times , and its good as new . 
it 's only on one side - looks exactly like the pic in the listing . hold with your left hand for the image to face forward . 
yes ! i was asking this same question ... found the answer in the description , it is , in fact , microwavable ! ! : ) 
we are sorry , we just sopport shipping to usa . 
hi , so i 'm actually in the process of moving so the cup is in a box..somewhere . however , the mug is very skinny . if you were to place it next to any coffee mug you own , they would be about the same height , but the width of this cup is like half the size . sorry that i could n't be more helpful ! 
it does n't use a battery it simply lights up when hot liquid is placed in it to look like a battery being recharged.more of a joke than anything . i will say the product is terrible it has several sharp edges from poor casting and the battery decal came off of it after 4 washings ( i washed it by had with non detergent soap ) i have two other varieties of this cup one with a heart and the other with a fuel gauge both have done the same thing . overall the quality if very poor . 
it 's like a tag outside the cup . the temperature makes it change color , but once it changed , it would n't change back immediately as youn pour out the water because the cup is still hot . it will change back unless the cup is cooled . 
i do n't have the dimensions , but i ordered the queen size for my queen bed , and it is barely big enough to cover the mattress . it definitely does not hang down like the pictures show . i will probably need to put it on the full size bed in our guest room . while the comforter is beautiful , i was disappointed with the size . 
it 's a navy blue . the feather embroidery is a bright turquoise 
the main color is a really rich deep blue . the feathers are iradesent threads . greens and blues . really pretty i am very happy with it . 
no top sheet . fitted sheet , duvet , 2 standard pillow cases 3 decorative pillow cases 
stainless steel 
hi carmen , i 'm not sure about 1 cup . i have a large family so i always cook a larger quantity and like having leftovers for lunch the next day . the more you cook the longer it takes . i see someone else says 20 minutes for 1 cup . i would guess that would be correct . we put the rice on first and then begin the rest of the meal . bon appetite ! ! 
yes but you need to soak the rice grains in water for a couple of hours and then make sure you have enough water because brown rice requires a little more water 
yes , i 've tried that before , put the pot in dishwasher . however , the ceramic pot is so easy to wash by hand and soap , coz the rice does n't stick to the pot . thus , the pot looks very clean even after you just cooked and dished your last grain of rice . i love this pot very much . the rice smells fragrant too ! 
no that has never happenned . 
sorry , do n't remember as we returned it shortly after getting it due to such poor performance . 
there 's no timer at all . it does n't have a programming function and also does n't show how long it has been cooking or has left to cook . i 've also found that it cooks much slower than my other rice cookers . now that i know to adjust by adding an extra 30-40 minutes of cook time ( for brown rice ) , i like the cooker quite a bit . 
water colector can not be removed but we usually wipe it..after each use.. 
those markers are for relative measurements . it depend on it is the long or short grain , white or brown rice . you can start out with one cup of white rice and fill water to the one cup marker and see how it turn out and make adjustment from there . cup is the measuring cup for kitchen use . hope it help . 
yes . so far i love it . the only imperfect is the socket interface is not steady . it will loose if you did n't insert the cord carefully . 
yes , fill the filter with water and let it drain until all the filter media is wet . this is important in order to release all the charcoal residue out before you install it . it will take a while to work through and you will have to keep topping it off as it works down . 
yes 
the one i have that is a real zen does n't grow but the one that was sent to me that is not grows algae i would suggest contacting zen next time for a real filter 
as far as i know , if all the minerals are still there , then the order should not matter . 
if this is the filter for the 4 gallon zen water system , i 'm not sure it will . as a guideline , only use the filtration system meant for that particular water system . i found a filter from another company for my 4 gallon but it was so wrong in every way . with this being said , i 'm not sure this filter will fit what your zero water 10 cup pitcher . maybe someone else has done this and can speak better to the results : ) 
no , there 's no indicator on the filter . i made a note in the calendar on my phone which is never lost if you do system back-up 's 
i do n't know if it will fit the model you are asking about . i tried to use this filter in another system and although it fit , it did not function properly . the water did not go through properly and it would leak all over the place . i ended up having to replace it with the type of filter made for my filter system . so even though this particular filter was a little bit less money , it was not worth the risk of purchasing it to try it out . 
2nd to the berkey water filter the zen water gravity filter is one of the most efficient water filters available . the only thing that the zen does not do that berkey does is remove flouride -- check out the following article by mike rogers who conducted independent testing of water filters : big berkey beats propur gravity water filter for removal of heavy metals and toxic elements learn more : http : www.naturalnews.com # ixzz3h8q5zoms 
i 'm pretty sure it is , it fits my system . sold by zen water systems . purinex brand does not fit , do n't buy them 
i am not the seller , only bought the product myself . try to find the seller 's contact info . if you have trouble finding it call amazon . 
no 
the bottle probably could , but the cap would not . 
yes , it 's very sturdy i take it everywhere i go . i actually smacked it with a olympic size barbell the other day and it was fine . 
i 'm not sure what you mean by heat treated , but i use it for making hot tea . 
jar with cap is roughly 11.5 inches tall . 
there are no markings to indicate country of origin on the bottle i received . 
yep 
well , i 'm guessing about 1 and a half to 2 pounds empty . 
i measure 168mm 
yes a quarter easily fits . 
this comforter is light weight and very confortable . add a blanket and perfect for winter too . you 'll love it ... ! 
judith , there is size information in the highlight of product . queen : 88'x90 ' king : 108 ' x 90 ' . king size is sold out . only queen size available . 
hi , aaron . no corner ties . but will work good with same size duvet cover 
china 
yes . dry cleaning is recommened though 
i washed it in cold , and dried in low for about 30min came out fine . - jason 
thank you for consider nature relax product . we will have king size in stock in aug.2014 . 
this comforter is light-weight but i can not recommend it . the down continually pokes out through the material . every time i change the duvet cover , there is down everywhere . quite a mess~ 
there is a list on the seller 's page of this item , says : premium white down feather , idfl certified clean and hygienic . fill power 500. it feels like it is fill 500 . 
it is . i had to wash it as soon as i got it because it had a funky smell to it , but after wash the smell is gone and the comforter nice and fluffy ... 
it 's on the site : queen size : 88 '' x 90 '' 
no it does n't it . in fact , the down feather somehow finds its way out of thr comforter , and it 's elsewhere . my prevoius down comforter does n't do that . 
hi , mikhailevich . thank you for considering our products . we only use 100 % cotton for our products . it is extra long staple cotton which makes fabric very soft . we have 2 kinds all season silver antimicrobial comforters . one is filled with white down . the other is filled with 3d microfiber which we call goose down alternative . 3d microfiber is very soft and good for people sensitive to goose down and feather . we currently have best ever special discount for both all season silver antimicrobial comforters till jul.7 . we also sell luxury aloe vera white goose down comforter which is filled with premium grade white goose down and very warm . hope we answer all your questions . feel free to contact us for more questions . we ensure you have a satisfied shopping experience . 
according to the tag , it is 50 % duck down feather and 50 % duck feather . we absolutely love it . : ) 
the color that looks black in the picture is a dark grey , the color that looks grey is a light blue . there are also thin curved lines that are not visible in the picture and they 're a greenish-turquoise . 
it 's grey : light and dark grey . the light grey has a bluish undertones , but it 's definitely grey . 
this is fabric . the only thing i do n't like is the loops are split already . hope this helps 
no 
i use the freedomone+ from co2doctor ( http : co2doctor.com freedomoonespec.htm ) . it works as advertised and was easy to install . we would buy it again . 
i do n't remember the dimensions of the tank . but it is a standard size 20oz tank . as for having any trouble exchanging or getting it filled . there is no problems . i have had the tank for a year now and have gotten it filled 6 times . 
mine had the correct dot markings . i simply exchanged the tank at my local welding shop . 
yes 
yes ! i have the same model . the belt fit perfectly . 
flat belt : i measure an inside circumference of 14.5 '' by 9 16 '' wide by 1 8 '' thickness obtained using a 1 32 '' accurate measure-tape affixed to a flat surface . i carefully marked the inside of belt and rolled it from mark to start again . i have not tried them on my kenmore yet , so i am hoping i bought the correct spares . 
i 'm sorry but i do n't know . you should check online somewhere . i found the belt number on my vacuum cleaner , you could look for it . 
yes 
yes 
10 '' wide 5 1 2 '' high and 4 1 2 '' thick 
i have not found any problem with pressure on the ears . 
yes it is . cold water . 
not that i 'm aware of . the pillow i purchased ( soft version ) is rather firm . my problem with this pillow is it does n't work with a 2005 nissan altima car seat . perhaps it will work with a different car model type . 
i just put my ear right next to the bulb ( incandescent ) as i adjusted the dimmer from off to on and back to off , and did n't hear anything . did the same thing with my ear next to the dimmer unit itself , also heard nothing there . hope that helps ! 
yes . as long as it is a regular incandescent three way bulb ( not cfl or led ) the dimmer will `` see '' it as an ordinary bulb . for example if you have a 50-100-150 three way on the highest setting it will behave exactly the same as a regular 150 watt bulb . 
i looked on the stamping and it says 120vac and 60 hz . normally electrical devices will include different voltages but also i think ( or it used to be that europe was 50 hz ) . do n't know what impact that will have on useage . 
the lamp plugs into the back of the electrical plug - take a closer look at the picture . 
it absolutely turns off . it requires a little extra click as you push it off . i use it all the time . 
not on this model . 
it 's not something you inflate . the cover has a u-shaped piece of memory foam inside that cushions and conforms to your neck . 
i would imagine it should be fine if you tumble dry low . 
it is smaller than what i thought . so i am using it as a regular pillow when i travel , not around my neck 
ther is a thin rubber band on back side 
as far as i know , they are the same except for the slight price difference . i have noticed that sometimes the same product can be listed more than once on amazon with similar , slight price differences ; often , both listings have the same seller ! i usually buy the one with the lowest price . 
this item is shaped like a circle - with a gap ( as shown in amazon photo ) . the outside diameter ( of the circle ) is 12 inches . being soft , it could be squeezed to a width of appx 8 inches ( still 12 inches the other way ) . hope this helps . wayne 
i use a new hand towel to drape over it for my clients . the cover is removable to wash but perhaps his will work ? http : www.amazon.com earthlite-fitted-disposable-headrest-covers dp b004gg4eva ref=pd_sim_hpc_5 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=1j0tmx3t435rh0yrjn1n 
metal zipper : ) 
mine did not have a tag on it . it was just the pillow 
no . it 's a little too stiff for them . go for the one filled with beads , it will fit them better and conform to their head and neck better . 
in my opinion , i would say `` yes '' as long as there was some sort of base to the mattress so as not to sag in between the metal supports . 
yes , i actually have a full bed and it works perfectly . 
from floor to bottom of frame , i got 6 3 4 '' . i hope that was the answer u were looking for ? 
the bottom edge of the frame is about 7 1 2 inches from the floor . it is a nice frame for the price ! 
you can , if you want to , but this bed provides tremendous support . it is the best folding bed we 've ever had . 
no noticeable smell . 
i do n't think so , it looked too thick . my beds have wooden frames but i do n't know about regular steel frames . to me the foldable bed looks too thick to fit under any bed . 
it 's a confortable twin size 
i have a honda crv and this bed fits in there no problem . 
it depends on how tall your mom is . i think it will be ok . 
you do n't want this its smaller than it looks , its ok for a small child but not for an adult . i waist my money on this deal i cant use it 
i would estimate about 35 pounds . i was able to load it into my van by myself . also , i am very satisfied with the bed . 
nope . just put the mattress on the frame and add sheets and pillows . note that this is not a great hotel bed but we have had no complaints . 
listed as 250 lbs which is why i bought it since i weigh 225 lbs . 
they are just slightly attached at one spot , sort of like a hinge . if you are n't careful they come apart before sealing , which is not a big deal . place the coffee or tea in the pod . align the top sheet and seal . easy as can be . there is a little devise that holds the pod and seals the top with heat that makes it easier . i love these ! i can make one cup of my favorite and they are as easy to dispose of as a tea bag . 
yes they can . that is what i use to seal it . i happened to have a small bowl that the lip of the pod lays over the rim . fill with desired coffee , make sure no grounds on lip , flip top over and pass the hot iron over to seal . i have n't had any leakers with this method . i do n't think the bowl is necessary , but it keeps the grounds the seal area and makes a quick firm pass with iron . no contact with the grounds in cup portion . 
yes it does but you do n't have to seal them when you use them . i just put the pod in the coffee maker put the coffee in the pod and fd the pod lid over and close the cover . works fine every time . 
i do n't know . i am unfamiliar with that coffee brewer . these fit the melitta and the senseo brewers and are a `` double '' pod size . that is , when fully filled , they substitute for two regular melitta pods . 
my fianc did and it was just perfect . 
i understand the issue you are having , i happen to have a pod maker myself from about 3 years ago and it is no longer available . if you get these filters you could use this little gadget i searched out for you . you would put the pre-formed filter in this , add your coffee , fold down the flap and iron over the top . it will work very well for you . i sure hope this helps you and if you get a chance , let me know what you decided to do . http : www.ebay.com itm the-coffee-pod-fixture-diy-coffee-pod-maker-for-senseo-easy-pack-pods- 301180687702 ? pt=small_kitchen_appliances_us & hash=item461fc49556 
no , these filters are about 3 inches across but only 1 2 inch deep . they also need the 'perfect pod ' appliance , which is a small heated device that seals the edges . i have used small round filters in the bottom of my espresso 'scoop ' , but do not remember where they came from . 
they are not flat , but the lid that folds over and gets sealed is 2 3 4 inches in diameter . the recessed area has a diameter at the top of 2 1 4 inches , and at the bottom of 2 inches . hope that helps . 
if you can use - off the shelf - coffee pods as carried in your - take your pick big-box store - then yes . you will need a pod maker machine to seal the pods . they have a wide sealing flange that you may need to trim back with scissors for a better fit and operation . i use a bunn mycafe and they are perfect after timing the sealing flange . i will buy more when i need more . 
i have not noticed it-i do get a full 12 oz cup from each one , so perhaps it is more diluted ? 
bottom shelf is about 16.3 '' x 23.5 '' and desk part not including flip up part is about 11 '' x 24 '' 
where the monitor goes is 11 '' high . that shelf is 11 '' from back to front ( does not count the flip down part of shelf , almost 12 '' deep by 23 1 2 '' wide ) . the shelf above is 8 1 4 '' from back to front . so you could put a very large monitor on this shelf when flipped down , but the flip down shelf would not be able to flip up . 
self supporting , that would be fine . 
no 
it 's held in place by wooden dowels . ca n't sit on it , naturally , but you could probably get away with dozing off while you 're working and not break it . 
it would appear you are in luck . the top shelf to the back brace is 56.5. the height to the 2nd to last shelf ( including back brace ) is 45.5 . 
i 'm not sure , but my concern would be that i do n't think the unit would be sturdy enough without all of the shelves in place . 
30 '' 
no . it is 23.5 '' ... . we have a 26 '' tv as well but we mounted it to the wall above the top shelf which allowed us to use the shelf for something else . plus we did n't have to worry about our daughter using the desk and the tv coming down on her head . 
if i understood you right , that is 41.5 
very dark brown 
it 's 10 x 11 
the dimensions are provided in the product details , right on the product 's page . i 'll copy them for you : product dimensions : 47.2 x 54.5 x 11.8 inches ; 86 pounds 
mine is on hardwood . not sure- the base is wide , but the support boards are thin . 
not really ... no . the shelves are not tall enough for the albums to fit upright . of course you could stack albums on there , but i would not want to store my albums on their sides ( and the albums are a little wider than the shelves are deep ) . hope this helps . for what it 's worth , i do n't think the weight would be a problem ... the shelves are very strudy . 
my shelves are packed with thick fat books . no bending . 
hi michael , this item is good quality . it can definitely handle standing as a room divider . i was able to slide it across the floor after assembly and it held tight . hope this helps . 
sure , with proper surface preparation painting would certainly be feasible . 
it would would look great . but you have to have really high ceilings and anchors to hold and stabilize it to the wall and one another . it would look really awesome though . 
it is brown but it is a very dark brown and it has a faux wood grain done with blacks and browns which adds to a darker appearance . the overall affect is a deep dark brown wood but depending on your lighting it may appear to be more black than brown . 
u would have to drill new holes to move the file cabinet , but suoport would n't be an issue . the drawers are 18 '' wide . 
it is manufactured wood and you do have to assemble it . it is not hard to put together and works great . however , they included two of the same piece in the box for the bottom drawer so i had to call and have the company ship the other piece . only complaint was they did not overnight it and it took a week to get . 
yes , bottom drawer holds hanging files . 
yes it is its a great desk for the price 
sorry for the late response . the desk is actually 2ft'6 '' ( 30 inches ) high . the width is 3ft'11 '' ( 47 inches ) . against a wall , the desk comes out a little over 2ft . 
i did ... was a hard work to me cause set up thins is not my strongest . i got it and at the moment run perfectly . 
26.5 inches across and 28 inches from floor to bottom of desk 
sure it 's 26.5 '' wide and 28-3 8 '' high for the interior space . 
no , only quilt 
no . it perfectly fits a twin and is beautiful . 
my daughters came with a sheet set along with the comforter . 
no but amazon sells the sheets as well for 31 dollars . my sister absolutely loved it . so glad i bought . 
no it does not 
the egg boiler is 5 '' high . 
yes , i put mine in the dishwasher regularly without any issue . this works great and super simple to make soft-boiled eggs quickly and conveniently ( without the mess of pans ) . 
you can cook up to four eggs at a time in the big boiley . i believe there is a smaller version that only cooks two . 
if you are talking about the orange rubber cap on the top of the lid - i put it on when i got it and have never removed it . i thought it was for ease of handling or opening the lid when it 's hot.. ? i use my egg cooker at least 4 times a week and it works fine with the cap on ! 
it should be open 
the yolk is enclosed in a thin membrane . if you do n't pierce the membrane before placing the cooker in the microwave , it will explode when the yolk expands as it is heated and breaks the membrane . also , the longer eggs sit in the package , the less centered the yolk will be . if you are using farm fresh eggs , piercing the yolk with the enclosed pin will be less predictable . when i use fresh eggs , i use a hat pin to pierce them just to be on the safe side . store-bought eggs are usually about three weeks old so the yolk is closer to the shell and can be easily pierced according to the directions . 
i punctured the rounded end . placed it with rounded end up and the eggs came out perfectly . 
there appears to be an aluminum or microwave acceptable metal shield on the lid , so far no explosions-just wellmade hardboiled eggs . 
mine is higher than 1000 also , and it seems i always have egg `` exploding '' out the shell pinhole . does n't make for a pretty egg , but other than that , seems fine . 
it clicks closed - i have not had any problems with the lid popping off like my old one . i use this cooker at least 3 -4 times per week . 
i think its cotton 
no , there is no zipper . it has an open slit on the back and covers the pillow completely . it stays on , it is very soft , and very well constructed . 
i washed in normal cycle with other whites , no bleach , then tumbled dry , they fit perfectly after washing and drying . 
sure , you can store in a vertical position . 
there is a simple slide switch on the top underside of the scale that changes the settings from kgs to lbs & vice versa . hopes this info answers your question . 
i tried weighing my cat which is about 10lbs but it would n't weight it . i had to get my weight and then step on the scale with the cat to find his weight 
i do n't know but mine works great 
the charcoal filter is the filter that is for odors-air filter . it used to be that the blower was connected to a pipe that either with through the roof of into the attic . this was changed to use the air ( charcoal ) filter . the grease filter ( s ) is on the bottom of the microwave and is aluminum . these filters can be cleaned by placing on the top shelf of the dishwasher . 
yes , this fits the whirlpool microwave hood gmh5205 . regards , kitchen filters 
you have to tear off the shroud hood to get at it . there are something like 3 or 4 screws holding it together . that 's the hard part , but it is n't too difficult to hold it all with one hand while using a screw driver . slide the old filter out , slide the new one in . put the screws back in and you 're done . i think i did find a manual on the whirlpool web site that had a picture showing the location of the screws . good luck . 
my first one lasted about 5 years but it would probably depend on how much greasy cooking you do . 
yes . http : www.maytag.com - % 5bmmv5208ww % 5d-1101128 mmv5208ww the 8206230a is specified on the maytag website i included in my answer . 
i am not sure how i did it . but my notion is to have the grate on the opposite side of where the air flow comes from , to help retain the charcoal filter inside the frame , and not let it blow out . you should be able to start the fan with the housing off to determine the direction of flow . i do hope that helps , because i may be writing to you soon , as it is close to the time to replace my filter . 
not sure if you are talking about a pine tree . but what i do know the filters we got fit great and work just fine and did not fray . 
i have a different model . the best way to find out if the filter will work for you is to measure the one that is in your microwave . the size of the filter is approx . 5 8 '' thick 5 1 8 x 5 5 8. you will probably have a little play of 1 4 inches as my microwave has . i had the same problem but ordered any way-ordereed 3 from two companies assosiated with amozon they are the right size . hope this helps you . gem 
not sure , as i have a kitchenaid model . 
no idea . i would try calling the manufacturer , or at least comparing the three dimensions of your existing filter . 
it 's really light and great for younger kids ... 
i would say best for up to 3-1 2 feet tall . 
yes , i use them in my kindergarten classroom . 
i think it 's around a minute or so . 
i am not sure , it not mentioned . 
yes it measures in ounces , as well as grams and pounds . this scale has been great for me when i 'm making up burger patties . i hope this helps . 
sorry , it ca n't use ac plug in . 
sorry for the late reply . it 's automatic turn-off . 
it 's 2*aaa batteries ( excluded ) . 
it grinds anything you want to , the only problem is that it shaves off pieces of metal everytime i try to grind from seeds to corn . i would not recommend it at all . do not buy it , is not worth it ... i still have mine , i also called and email the website from were i bought this grinder to see if i can return it but they never answered me back . 
metal 
yes to my knowledge the plates are adjustable . 
it is 5 '' in circumference and 2.5 '' deep . 
yep it 's got a regular c-clamp at the bottom . its about 5 '' in length . 
2 
yes . the plate width is very adjustable , it will grind fom very course to flower . 
if you keep the blades properly adjusted you will probably never have to replace them . 
i d n't think this is stone grund but i havent taken mine out f the bx yet . i believe the surfaces are metal plates ... .but again ... i am not sure ... srry 
made in mexico by estrella 
tap the top and zero should appear . little black tap underneath when depressed changes it from grams to lbs etc . with a container on it you can reset to zero . feel free to contact with questions . 
it reads out the measurements precisely and in it is in decimal . 
yes . 
since a stick of butter in our region of the country measures 4 3 4 '' by 1 1 4 '' , this attractive , sturdy , pretty butter dish adequately holds the butter with room to use a knife to cut off what you need . the bottom is 7 '' by 2 15 16 '' , covered by a top at 6 5 8 '' by 2 1 2 '' . the lower lip of the bottom keeps melted butter from spilling off of it on a warm summer day . a wonderful dish ! 
it is 6-3 8 ' long ( the lid ... the base is a tiny bit longer ) , 2-3 4 ' wide and 2-1 4 '' tall . 
no , it does not . does n't even sort of click into place . would not recommend purchasing this item . 
unfortunately , not . this product is made in china for an american company . 
i cant seem to describe it anymore than - thin strands of jude closely laid . it 's quite good - and is part of the separator . 
72 '' 
17 inches wide each 
4 '' 
i 'm tempted to say wood , but i am not sure . i did not inspect the product thoroughly as it did not fit my needs just by eyeballing it . 
72 x 70.5 x 52 inches . it weights apx.13 pounds this item is absolutely beautiful ! 
dont by this its damaged . its not even second hand . 
yes , it is a brand new sentria 1 which is a little heavier and has 400 rpm slower brush speed ( 2800 vs. 3200 ) than the sentria 2. while the reps claimed a lifetime warranty , they backed off when i read them the 3 year warranty on some parts on the website . my parents had a kirby which has a similar motor belt design ( always a little tight when first put on ) back in the 60 's to 80 's which i used to vacuum their 3200 sq ft house . it too was rather noisy but it did a fine job . i will probably replace my simplicity vacuum with this new one as it is a better vacuum with motor drive ( easier to push and pull despite its weight ) . thanks for asking 
noo . u need transformer . do n't get this item it 's not new . it is used . trust me . get new 1. do not get it from here . ali 
hi dear . if you change the power extantion it will work ! 
you do n't have to buy the extra shampoo . i did n't . there is probably a local store that sells it in your area . 
i bought this kirby sentria 2 because of it 's high quality .i was waited about 2 weeks to get every parts . first part i received and i opened the box i was very shocked ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i order brand new kirby but they sent to me half used half new . also they did not send to me any book to have to install , because it has so many parts . i would say to people never order kirby online . it 's very frustrating and a big disappointment . had i known about this issue , i would n't have purchased this model . 
this is not sold by a kirby vendor , therefore no warranty . 
if buying online , you will never get any warranty , or any rebuild plan . if it were to break , you would have to find a vacuum shop that is willing to fix it and these are not cheap to fix , for a lifetime plan , it will save you more money to buy straight from the manufacturer . look up your local kirby distributor to do this . hope this helped ! 
7 amps 
yes , everything is good 
these are priced individually . i had to buy 6 ... 3 for each side of the couch . 
it is for one pillow only and does not come with a pillow . i used an old pillow that i had to put inside . the fabric is beautiful velvet and it is well made . i am very pleased with mine and it has made a lovely addition to my room . 
contact the seller 
the sofa is 81 '' wide , 35 '' depth , and 36 '' high 
overall dimensions : 82 '' l x 35 '' w x 38 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 22 '' packed dimensions : 38 '' x30 '' x25 '' 
a light to medium tannish color , ,sost chenille type sturdy fabric , ,its nice youll like it , cant beat the price ... 
overall its holding up well . my biggest issue ( other than a pain to put together ) is the bottom cushion slides out due to sitting on it , i push it back in several times a day . 
yes . the back cushions and the bottom cushions can both be removed . 
no ... comes in a few boxes . save your money and buy something else . 
i think the paperwork that comes with the sofa says 200-300 pounds . somewhere in that ball park . that is why mine collapsed when company came for easter . they sent me a new , upgraded , stronger , center support and so far so good . 
removable . you will need to rotate them every few weeks , otherwise they start to look a little lumpy 
no , ours does n't tilt forward , but , it was difficult to put together and no one should jump on it ! 
this product is delivered by ups in boxes unassembled . they would not be able to move any of your current furniture . 
how much moonshine will a still produce ? we often get questions like these : `` how much moonshine will 5 gallons of mash make ? '' and `` how much moonshine will be produced by a 10 gallon still ? '' the answer is simple : it all depends on starting alcohol and final proof . in this article we 'll explain how to determine how much alcohol to expect from a run . for the instant gratification seekers in the crowd , here 's the short answer : a 1 gallon run will yield 3-6 cups of alcohol a 5 gallon run will yield 1-2 gallons of alcohol a 10 gallon run will yield 2-4 gallons of alcohol for the researchers , science nerds , alchemists , and truth seekers , here 's why : starting alcohol starting alcohol can vary significantly , having a big impact on the final yield . starting alcohol is generally expressed as `` alcohol by volume '' or abv and it can vary greatly from one batch of shine to the next . it 's simply the percentage of alcohol in a solution of alcohol wash. for example a 10 gallon wash that contains 1 gallon of pure alcohol will have an abv of 10 % . the higher the starting alcohol , the higher the potential yield . the starting alcohol of a wash is dependent on two things : the amount of fermentable sugar produced by the mash , or added in lieu of making a mash , and the type of yeast used . fermentable sugar fermentable sugar is exactly what it sounds like - the amount of sugar available to be eaten by yeast that can later be turned into alcohol . if there is n't very much sugar then there wo n't be much alcohol . however , too much sugar is wasteful . the amount of sugar needed depends on the recipe , the size of the batch , and the potential alcohol production by the yeast . though , in general , the more fermentable sugar there is in the mash , the higher the potential starting alcohol and the higher the yield . yeast the type of yeast used is very important as well . bread yeast ( the kind that can be purchased at a grocery store ) will produce starting alcohol in the 10 % range , whereas a strong distillers yeast may produce starting alcohol as high as 20 % . this is due to two factors . first , distillers yeast has been bread to withstand higher concentrations of ambient alcohol . where a bread yeast might die off once starting alcohol has reached 10 or 12 % , a distillers yeast will still thrive , and will do so until ambient alcohol has increased to a much higher level ( 20 % or so ) . second , some distillers yeasts are packaged with loads of yeast nutrients i.e . turbo 24 , 48 , etc . this can actually be a bad thing , as the excess nutrients contained in turbo yeasts can cause off flavors in the final product . in short , good yeast will allow for a higher starting alcohol and a greater final yield without producing off flavors . final proof final proof can also have a significant impact on yield . if 10 gallons ( with a starting alcohol of 10 % ) is distilled , the amount of pure alcohol collected will be somewhere in the neighborhood of 1 gallon . however , the collected spirit wo n't be 100 % pure ( 200 proof ) . it usually gets proofed down to somewhere around 100 proof , or 50 % pure alcohol . while the total amount of alcohol collected remains the same , there is now twice as much `` product '' and the `` yield '' is doubled . the higher the final proof , the lower the final yield , the lower the final proof , the higher the final yield . collection efficiency one final note is that all of the alcohol produced during fermentation will not be collected during the run . generally only about 85 or 90 % is collected because it takes too much time and energy to get the last little bit ... and it is n't the good stuff anyway . for example , if there is 1 gallon of pure alcohol in a wash and it is distilled with a collection efficiency of 85 % , then .85 gallons will be collected . summary here are a few examples of yields that one might expect when running 1 , 5 , or 10 gallon batches : a 1 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 2.72 cups . a 1 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 5.44 cups . a 5 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield .85 gallons . a 5 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 1.7 gallons . a 10 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 1.7 gallons . a 10 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 3.4 gallons . 
it 's 16 oz . copper . very durable . it will last a lifetime if you take care of it . 
go to claw hammer stills and they have assembly videos 
there are federal and state laws regulating distillation ... federal law states that it 's legal to own a still of any size , but it 's illegal to distill alcohol without having either a `` distilled spirits permit '' or a `` federal fuel alcohol permit . 
yes go to their website it will help you 
depends on your heat source ... electric will take quite awhile propane will be quicker but make sure you do not have any leaks .. about 2 gallons of finished product 
after the run you use an alcohol hydrometer . before the run you can use different hydrometer to measure specific gravity . 
we use an analog thermometer- we sell a thermometer kit which includes the copper fitting as well as the thermometer . 
its a flat box that should be easily checked in luggage 
not much of one i added on to it 
we are going to get some more in about 2 weeks . 
the top seat height is about 32 inches . the lowest seat height is about 22 inches . it 's a very comfortable and sturdy work stool . well built . 
yes it is like an office chair pull a lever and it will go up or down . the back rest has some adjustment in or out and up and down . 
a lot . it is strong . 
my husband uses the chair all the time and he says the back is removable . 
sorry , but we do not sell them separately . 
i measured very close to 9 and 1 2 inches . it 's a great little carafe ! keeps coffee very hot for several hours . 
yes , the entire body is stainless steel . 
7 inches 
the inside is a plastic thermal substance . the device is fine and thermal , but opening and closing the top is a real piece of work each time . 
no . not at all . it is very heavy and it always took two of us to get the futon back into sitting position . very heavy . but it is very comfortable . 
this mattress is a dud . do n't buy it unless you not only want to waste the $ 130.00 purchase price but $ 50.00 shipping . the vendor does not care if you like it or not . 
yes it should work , i 've just placed my futon on the floor directly . 
the fabric color is black and it is cotton . i would invest in a cover to increase the lifespan . 
10 x 54 x 75 inches 
this works very well on our futon in both the sitting and laying down positions . it takes a couple of days to lay flat once you unpackage it but after that it works good 
yes.. 
yes , it has held up very well for 2 years in a college apartment setting . 
not sure . do n't remember . it 's a great futon , though . it arrives shrink-wrapped , and tales about a day to fully expand . slight smell ( from the plastic , i think ) bit it faded quickly . vet firm 
does not stand up to use well and is hard and uncomfortable to sleep on and lumpy after one year - also the cover is ripped and it is very heavy . i do not recommend this 
it 's 6 ft long ( 72 in ) 54 wide 
it has zippers on it - but i would n't take it off for fear it might not go back on . it is nice mattress . i would rinse it without removing it . 
the interior is solid foam per manufacturer 
it is cotton with layers of dense foam . i sleep like a baby on it . much better than i expected . i bought 9 inch . very happy with this product 
being as honest as i can ; it may be cotton . however it 's very durable . 
i 'm thinking it 's a typo . unless they made the foam from lard . `` strutto '' means `` lard '' in italian . but i ca n't see that being the case . 
very sorry , some of the listings are individual listings not grouped into one listing . if you will let us know what color you are interested in we can send them to you . 
definitely-it folds nicely with very little bunching in the fold . folds back to flat . still very happy with this purchase a year later . 
it is very firm yet still comfortable to sit or sleep on . i recommend it . 
we could n't select a color either . it did n't matter because we also bought a washable cover . the mattress is black and very good quality . 
fort worth , texas 
you can . it has the attachment to the rails that keep the mattress from moving . i 'm 5'2 '' , 104lbs and i can do it . it is n't too hard . the mattress is well worth buying . i would definitely give it 5 stars without hesitation . as a matter of fact i just ordered another one for the futon in my husband 's `` man cave '' basement dungeon . he like the one in the study so he asked to order him one too . 
it is not made for folding but it would . i would n't fold it because of the wear it would have on the foam that is inside it . 
cotton black 
yes , it closes with a zipper . the zipper is somewhat flexible ; if your items push a little further up than the bag allows , the zipper allows for a little bit of room for that . 
the product dimensions are 14.5 x 12 x 6.5 inches 
12 in high,15 in wide 4-5 in deep 
from the floor to the underside of the seat is 14 1 2 '' . add 3 1 2 '' more for the seat for a total of 18 1 2 '' from floor to the seat . an additional 21 1 4 '' from seat to top of chair . 
it 's not a suede , it 's a fabric . we have not had any stains so i really do n't know . 
two chairs arrive in one package . you must attach two legs to the seat cushion and the seat cushion to the back of the chair . be careful not to over-torque the nut bolt . the particle wood will snap if you attach too tight ; and the chair will not be sturdy if you do n't . 
the wood is n't any species that i recognize however it is definitely a softer wood there are no springs just a layer of padding under the fabric . 
no , they are more of a wine color . 
they are a mahogany looking finish . that is a very dark brown . 
i had that happen to me and i had to sent a set of 2 chairs back . they send out a replacement and the new set did n't have that problem . 
thanks for your question ! according to a supplier 's website the overall height of the chair is 40 inches . i hope this helps ! 
seat is 18 '' off the floor . it is 19 '' wide by 17 '' deep . chair back is 39.5 '' high . very comfortable and has been great for us . hope that helps . 
just had thanksgiving with these chairs and they support anywhere from 100 pounds to close to 300 pounds so really sturdy chairs and comfortable . i highly recommend them especially for the price . 
yes 
one filter every three months , depending on how often you use flt5250pt they are expensive 
the filter comes just as shown . that 's how it fits into the machine . it looks like 2 filters but it 's one piece . i hope that helps ! 
about 6 months for me . i run it 24 7 on low to medium and have a fluffy cat . 
maybe this mold changed , but i should have double checked , because i have been planning my soap waiting for the mold to arrive . i used the measurements provided here to begin planning my recipe . upon receiving and measuring , the inside measurements are 10x3x3 and the mold holds 48oz . to measure molds for soapmaking you multiply all 3 dimensions by .40 , equaling 36 ounces for base oils . add in 30 % water and there is another near 11 ounces . this mold holds 48 fluid ounces and makes 3 pounds of soap , uncured . very happy with it though . if you buy this , plan on building a wooden support for it as the center gapes with the pressure of the fluids . 
no cover 
yes , i think you can , but it will be smaller than most loaf molds are . this is not a regular size of cake pan , but smaller . 
32 oz 
the cavity is 3 4 '' deep . i baked brownies and the result , with rising , was 1 '' thick . i love it and will use it again 
yes it does . it works well with the cake pop mixtures and the wilton modeling fondant 
if u pay today , can reach to u beore dec 14 th 
i would say yes because occasionally i have some cheese residue from a previous pizza baking and i can turn this on high and the odor filter immediately removes the burnt smell . it is loud on high however i believe the medium setting should work for your needs . the low setting does n't seem to do the job for me , ( i bought it for dust ) as i do occasionally break out in sneezing and runny nose in the mornings if left on low all night . you may have to replace the carbon odor filter more often if there is a constant exposure . you can gauge your needs by how quickly the carbon filter gets saturated . chain smoking might force you to either move or buy a more expensive air cleaner . i have , in addition to this air cleaner , a $ 900.00 cleaner that has 25 pounds of activated carbon , ( the most of any cleaner i 've seen ) . they are called the 'airpura t600 tobacco smoke air purifiers ' and reviews can be found here : http : www.allergybuyersclub.com airpura-t600-air-purifiers.html ? full=y # customerreviews and for sale here on amazon : http : www.amazon.com airpura-t600-purifier-tobacco-smoke dp b000fkk3dy ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1395082408 & sr=8-1 & keywords=airpura-t600 
also made in china but the air smells fresher in the room that it is placed 
nope , neither one . 
yes , it has a three prong cord . just be sure to order replacement filters with the air cleaner . i 've had multiple problems getting them . 
30 inches high , 8 inches wide and about 11 inches deep . very nice but can be loud when on high 
comes with all of the filters . just need to click everything in place and plug into the wall ! 
hi , thank you for your question . the tower air purifier has a power consumption of 120 v and 59 w as confirmed by the manufacturer itself . 
no , the blue lights stay on . if the lights really bother you , you can put black electrical tape over it . however , beware the glue- it will be hard to wipe off cleanly . 
yes , there is a button that toggles it on and off . i rarely use the ionizer . 
coway protects its customers with a three-year warranty . however , coway 's website does not offer much help . the company email address and phone number are displayed on every page , but the site lacks a dedicated support tab . from the product pages , you can download a new owner 's manual , but you will not be able to find quick help through a faqs section . source : http : air-purifier-review.toptenreviews.com coway-mask2-review.html 
'coway ' is painted on ; it 's not carved or etched or a glued on or stuck on . so it could be scraped off , but may leave scratches as the body is plastic . you could paint over it , but maybe not match the sheen of the overall body , this would have the name be very suttle , yet still slightly visible . electrical tape would be a second method , but would likely collect at the edges debris and you 'd have a piece of tape right in the middle of the unit . it 's overall a beautiful design , but the name does detract . 
i ca n't say for sure , but it stands to reason that this would be the maximum power consumption if for no other reason than a safety issue . i 've had two of these running in my house since july 3 , and have n't noticed a marked increase in my power bill . i leave them on automatic and they run on the low ( very quite ) speed until the sensor detects dust or what ever in the air then they ramp up the speed . depending upon how much dirt is present , they usually do n't stay at med or hi speed very long . the only thing i do n't like about these units is the pretty blue lighted ring that changes from blue to purple to red depending on the amount of dirt present . i use one in the bedroom at night locked on medium speed for the white noise it puts out and i had to rig up a cover over the blue ring because in a dark room it is very bright . 
ionizer runs independently of any fan speed . 
we had the same smell when ours started running , and it went away in a day or so . it 's fairly common for air purifiers to give off the plastic smell for a couple of days . 
i do not have my coway against a wall but even if i did , i do not believe it would cause any stains to form on the wall . the exhaust vents on the rear of the coway point directly towards the ceiling . additionally , the air exiting the coway seems very clean . the coway has several internal filters which i clean as directed in the manual . those filters appear to trap even the smallest particles of dust and the air exiting the machine seems really clean . i do not think there are any dust and dirt particles exiting the machine that would cause stains . 
its never silent though on low its fairly quiet - kind of a nice low windy white noise with only the slightest electrical mechanical sound . the kind of think you can only hear if your in the same room as it . on medium or high though it sounds like a vent fan and is rather loud . 
on the product information , it says that the pre-filter is washable . i just used my hand-held vacuum . it could be washed with a faucet sprayer or hose , if you are careful . 
the biggest difference is the size design of the systems and the cost life expectancy of the replacement filters . the coway ap-1012gh is for 256 sq ft and has a cadr ( clean air delivery rate ) of 165. the carbon odor filter is suppose to be changed every year and the hepa filter every 3 years . the coway ap-1512hh is for 326 sq ft. and has a cadr of 210. the carbon odor filter is suppose to be changed every 6 months and the hepa filter every year . 
yes , there is plastic that would be in contact with the liquid . the cap screws on and is plastic , both on the outside and inside . 
~8.75 inches tall . base has a diameter of 2.5 inches . fits my car 's cup holder fine . 
yes but i would advise against it as there is no way to clean inside of lid and it gets filthy ! 
they do mot ... and even if they did i suggest do not buy them ... . i bought 5 and all of them broke in the very first day of use . 
did n't say nothing about temp . but it was still hot 
i do n't know but i doubt it . this item is very shoddily made and as i wrote in my review , pretty much a waste of money . 
it is quite easy . the lid opens and closes with a flip of the thumb . 
is n't everything made in china ? great insulated cups . poorly designed tops . 
we do n't even use it any longer , but your right it is hard to clean . hope you find a cure . 
the lid has a lever on it , it the lever is up it is open , down it is closed . works fine used this several months and no leak at all . the lid screws on and you use it like any other mobile cup . 
yes you can make either ice cubes or chocolates with these chess pieces 
they 're the size of a standard chess board piece 
they are flat on one side so you need to make two sets and `` glue '' them together with melted chocolate . 
i do n't know if they 're technically chip resistant , but i 've had no problems with chips since i 've been using them . 
dinner plates are fantastic ! largest that i found . approx 11 '' *11 '' . only problem is they can be too big for my kids . smaller plate is sufficient . 
china 
hello , greetings from etechmart , yes , it usually takes 17-28 business days since it is a cross-boarder shipment . but we can really say it takes less or just 17-28 business days . sometimes it takes a little bit longer , sometimes shorter . that 's something we do n't have control of . thank you for your questions . have a nice day ! and enjoy the shopping . james customer service team 
diameter of circle with rollers + - 1 1 2 inches . length + - 2 3 4 inches . 
no . we 've had no issue with rusting and we 've put them to the test . 
i got wide-mouth jars . but do n't waste your money . the shipping cost more than the damn jars themselves . you can get them at ace hardware and target . 
yes , you can use a vacuum-type sealer that sucks all the air out of the jar -- i do it all the time . food saver brand does it very well , as long as the unit is capable of sealing 'cannisters ' . 
from ball canning website , freshpreserving.com : there are two important things to know . first , we recommend using only ball kerr brand lids . they are bpa free , and offer the safest , most reliable results of any lid on the market . the second most important thing you need to know is never use a lid twice . after the first use , the lid will no longer seal effectively , so a fresh lid must be used every time . 
9.25 '' height , 4.5 '' diameter . i hope this helps . 
the lids and rings come in either `` regular '' or `` wide '' sizes . the the amount that the jar can hold is not a factor . 
i am not sure , i do not vacuum seal my jars . 
i 'm not using them for canning because of that reason as well . 
yes 
no , unless freezing dry goods in it like dry rice or dried beans . 
the dimensions of this jar is 9,1 4 inches tall and the mouth is about 3,1 8 inches wide . 
upon opening , my wife and i noticed a slight smell but after we put the sheets on and let it sit for a couple of hours we never noticed it again . 
yes it is . if you go on the manufactures website - http : dreamfoambedding.com it gives a great chart description of each bed . also you can call them direct with questions . that 's what i did 
i currently have mine on a storage foundation from ikea that uses slats . as long as the slats are n't far apart on the platform bed , this mattress should be fine . 
yes . it can . 
i am sure it could . 
good day ! the comfort layer is made from talalay as well . see the manufacturer 's link : http : www.brooklynbedding.com latex-mattresses 10-inch-total-latex-mattress hope this helps ! 
the one we received appeared to have a cover with bamboo fiber in it . overall we are very pleased with the mattress . i would call them to make sure what the cover is now made of . the sales people were very helpful when we ordered . be sure to specify the firmness you want . we asked for the mattress to be a 7 or 8 , with 10 being very soft , and we felt the mattress was harder than that but still very comfortable . ( that could be due to the fact that compared to the rest of the world we are lightweights at 145 and 120 lbs ) good luck 
it 's also natural , just a different way of making it . if wikipedia is right , it 's more natural.http : en.m.wikipedia.org wiki talalay_process # section_1 
i have n't folded mine up yet but when it arrived it was folded . now , it 's not like some 'foldaway ' beds where you just pull on the head and foot ends and the whole thing folds in half . for this bed , the mattress was somehow folded around a different way . but , the bed itself is very lightweight , like a cot , and the mattress itself is n't heavy so the folding is n't physically difficult -- just maybe a little complicated . 
they are pretty exact to 31x75x13 
we use a regular fitted twin sheet and it works fine . however , the mattress is not as thick as a normal mattress , so we just tuck in the excess . also , the mattress has straps that attach to the metal frame , which prevent the sheet from fully being able to fit . but , with all of that said , we 've used it twice so far with company visiting and no one had complained or had any issues with how the sheets fit . 
the mattress is not vacuum sealed but it does have a protective plastic bag so it 's clean . it is not like some of the 'foam ' mattresses that come all compressed where you have to let it uncompress -- it 's already ready to go . i agree with the other reviewer that the box is kind of big but it is not heavy ; the bedroom i wanted the bed for is upstairs and i was able to get the box up the stairs by myself . we 've been very happy with the bed . 
4 '' memory foam 
turn bed upside down fold in legs , place mattress in half on upside down bed , fold bed and latch . place back into storage case . i take the bed out at least once a month and put it away the same each time with no issues . 
18 inches high 
no we do not have any for individual sale . 
it 's generally uncomfortable , i weigh 230.it could be a lot worse though . 
it does . i manage vacation rentals and have purchased a number of these . 
yes . it will . it works on ours and should work on yours . 
yes mine stays that way until company comes over which isnt often 
ya if u want 
it 's memory foam but not very thick . that said , it made all the difference with my sleeper sofa . 
it 's pretty large , but can definitely roll up for storage . yes , smaller kids would be fine sleeping on this on the floor . older children may not be as comfortable . 
you do n't need to wash the cover before using . yes , you can machine wash. i did n't put in the dryer since i was afraid it might shrink . it 's on my sleeper sofa that i think is just a double . 
no , we do not have this item in a queen size . 
hope i can answer your question . my purchase was back in march of 2013 , from sleep revolution , and my topper was a queen size . the dimensions on the full wide from what i read is 54 '' x 72 '' . if you scroll down , i believe that information is listed . from what i gather , looking at the current product , i did not see a queen size listed as a choice . but mine was queen . hope this helps . warmest wishes ... ... 
i think it 's to thin to be comfortable by itself on the springs of a sleeper sofa . i put mine on top of my sleeper mattress and it was wonderful . did n't feel springs at all . but it 's a tight fit to close the sofa . 
no 
i honestly do n't know . i put it on top of the mattress then put on a zippered bedbug cover . sorry could n't help . . . : - ( 
the topper is recessed now in the sofa sleeper . while i have n't measured it , i can tell you the sofa sleeper it rests on is a `` queen '' size . it may be slightly short , but if it were too large , it would n't store well . for my queen size sleeper , it is just right . 
the queen is 58 x 72 , queen wide is 60 x 72. twin wide is 39 x 72 ( which seems like a standard twin to me ) . they do not show the other dimensions . 
you should be able to . i use mine for soap , but it is food grade silicone so chocolate would be ok . 
about 2 1 2 inch in length 
i did more research . the silicone is safe to 400 degrees and can be used for soaps , candles etc . but : 1. the mold is very shallow so soaps would be very fragile 2. molds used for foods should not be used for anything else . so if you want a soap rose a specialty soap mold would likely give a better result . hope this helps . 
yes , that is what the mold is made for that is why it is called a flower fondant mold . very nice molds to make quick beautiful designs with . 
terri , yes they do . my contents have stayed dry and fresh . there is a slight suction sound when the lid is pulled off . i really like mine . take care . 
yes , measuring cups can fit in the openings . 
cream white with a slight hint of rusty orange in the design - well suited for a country french decor 
i do n't know the exact dimensions - look at what they post . the largest holds almost a 5 lb bag of flour . the middle is good sized and so is the small . 
the large one holds a bag of flour . i think the middle holds 3 lbs - i have oatmeal in mine as we do n't use sugar . do n't know about the little one as i have tea bags in it . 
no , not at all . i live in fl and no problems . good luck . 
the rejuvenator simply lies on top of the mattress . there is no need to `` connect '' since it does not move due to the nature of the material . 
no it does n't but you can buy one online or get one at your local walmart . i just put a sheet on it . 
they do make one with gel . in fact , that 's what i thought i was ordering but got this one . i do n't know what keeps the heat away . i ca n't stand to be hot while sleeping or wake up in a sweat , and so far i have n't with this one - 4 days , mind you . i did order the gel one but have n't put it on yet . i 'll do that in a few days . this one is very comfortable , no motion , not flimsy like some other reviewer keeps saying . maybe he got something else , sounds like he bought from another vendor so no telling what he ended up with . 
i am not sure , it appears to be a standard queen . we use it in our camper on a custom mattress and it is about two inches longer and the same width as the camper mattress . we use standard fitted queen sheets on it and it works fine . 
thanks for your interest in this item . i apologize we can not ship this item to singapore . 
dimensions : twin : 37 inches wide x 72 inches long full : 51 inches wide x 72 inches queen : 58 inches wide x 77 inches long king : 76 inches wide x 77 inches long cal king : 70 inches wide x 80 inches long in terms of firmness , its all preference , keep in mind this is memory foam , there is no set firmness , it will cradle you according to your own body weight and size . thank you . 
memory foam layer ( the thinner layer ) up . 
the box was about 2 x 2 x 4 and was vacuum sealed and compressed a bit . 
yes , each bucket comes with a screen to separate the food wastes from the bokashi juice . thanks . 
each plastic bokashi bucket is 5 gal and the stainless steel kitchen compost pail is 0.6 gal . 
this package includes 2 pieces of bokashi buckets , 1 piece of stainless steel kitchen food scrap collection pail , 1 piece of bokashi juice cup , 1 piece of waste food compactor scraper and 1 bag of 2.2lbs bokashi starter . thanks . vermitek 
the size of the compost pail is 1 gal . yes , it is 18 8 gauge stainless steel . 
i 'm sorry i really do n't know what type of wood it is . i can tell you i ordered 2 boxes and absolutely love how they transformed my closet . out of the box i had 1-2 hangers that were n't as smooth but i just made sure not to use them for my silk items . i have had them for about 3 months now and not a single problem . overall they really are a great price and product . 
i would say dark brown . they are closer to the second two pictures than the first . more brown than red . 
no . i believe they are just straight . 
they come with a `` honing rod '' and most reviews of ginsu knives ( all of them ) rust if washed in the dishwasher . i bought this set for my daughter and although it does n't come with the exact colors it shows , appears to be a great set . 
the bread knife is serated only . 
it says , `` assorted colors '' in the title ... i would base it off of that . 
our knives are made of japanese steel that is forged in china . all assembly , packing , and shipping is done in the us . 
these are not made in japan , but are made of japanese steel . 
i find the cover a little scratchy , but is manufactured with high quality material . the dimensions do n't fit my comforter very well , but my comforter is rather old . all in all , i like the duvet cover because of the quality . 
hi , thanks for your question . i 've checked the manufacturer 's website which states that all oversized king comforters are 114 '' x 96 '' in size . i hope this helps ! 
just the comforter cover only . i think you can buy the pillowcases separate . we love this cover its very nice . 
it does n't make any noise unless the heat is on ... .. then you can hear the fan . 
the fireplace comes with the mounting bracket . the fireplace weighs approximately 33 lbs . thanks ! 
yes , they are on the back and shine to the back sides . you can adjust colors . 
the heat blows down from the front , at the top of the glass . the unit is nicely designed and well-thought out . 
it is exactly 33 1 2 inches . 
you can add in blue flames . 
six inches if mounted flush to the wall . 
yes it does come with rocks . you can also purchase other colors of rocks to put in the unit . carlos 
two 
yes , it does shut off when it reaches temp . i am going to see about returning mine , as it started sparking . 
do n't buy it . it broke first time . 
thank you for posting your question . if i understand you correctly you would like to know how much lasko heaters cost . there are many listings for various models of lasko heaters so i am unable to comment on the exact price . i have pulled up all the listings of lasko heaters , here is a direct link for you to look at : 
under details on the amazon product page it states the product measures 42 inches x 16 inches x 0.2 inches . on the company website : http : www.noslipgatorgrip.com it states it is made of polymer psuedo rubber . 
i think this product might be one of the top choices for non-slip , when compared to others . one additional good thing about the gatorgrip , asides from a good grip for the feet , is that it has a slight cushion , in case of a fall . having shower grip bars and or a shower seat would also be good ideas to consider , in addition to this product . 
yes ! we have a textured tub and have been using it for about 3 months with no problems . 
yes , but do not use anything containing ammonia it will dissolve the glue 
baths would probably diminish the life span . i take showers in a bathtub , but water always accumulates in the tub . either way , the peace of mind is worth the cost , even if you have to buy one a year . you want something . i took a hard fall 10 years ago and messed up my rotator cuff . it was not a `` slip and fall '' . it was a `` slam bam he 's up , he 's down '' fall . ouch . . ouch . . ouch . and , best of all , your tattooed husband will bath shower more often : : ) ) 
no . once it is removed , it is ruined . you can not stick it back down again . it is a one time stick . 
yes . but cut it before you take off the contact paper , 
soft & cushiony like a couch ? no . but soft like a thin layer of firm foamy rubbery material that is certainly warmer than fiberglass or porcelain tub ? oh , yeah ! though it would certainly leave a pebbly pattern 'behind ' ... 
i know somebody that removed it from fiberglass - they used a plastic paint scrapper - it took some effort but it did not damage it . may be able to use wd40 or some other adhesive remover to make it easier . i have not tried to remove mine yet and i have a porcelain tub . 
i just spray it with scrubbing bubbles cleaner and take a soft scrub brush to scrub it . 
as near as i can tell using a tape measure , the internal tray where the butter sits is 5.0 '' long x 2.9 '' wide x 1.5 '' deep . the corners of the tray are rounded , and the lid has about 0.4 '' clearance above the tray near the sides . i estimate the largest rectangular stick of butter that will fit , without touching anything but the bottom , is about 4.5 '' x 2.6 '' x 1.8 '' . 
i do n't think so . 
it does n't fit in mine . i had measured the holder and i thought the dish would fit , but because the lid is so tall and the door of the butter holder is angled at the top , the door wo n't close over the dish . i had only measured the depth of the holder at the bottom ; i had n't realized it needed to be just as deep at the top . 
yes ! i run ours through the dishwasher on the top rack all the time . 
i have only used 2 sticks at a time ( 8oz ) it 's a tight squeeze but it can be done . not sure about 16 oz . 
this holds a `` normal '' 1 2 pound stick of butter . this butter dish is very heavy . although it has a lid handle , it can slip out of your hand very easily if you do n't have a good grip on it . 
it comfortably holds 1 stick of butter . but if you really shove it in there , i suppose you could get a lb in . 
i would think online under jewelry displays . but not really sure . 
the dividers are affixed to the drawers and do not move . 
opens real easy . very well made . only thing i would change is to make the holes for your finger to pull a little bigger . i have big hands for a girl and it would just be a little nicer . but no problems . i love my organizer ! 
yes ! this product is that good . and very affordable compared to the more expensive brands . 
you have two drawer with dividers , the 2 inches tall one is divided in half and one of the 1 inch tall divided in thirds . so you have the large drawer with two sections and one of the small ones divided in three sections . you can change the position between the 3 small drawers . 
the dividers are built in and made of acrylic like the organizer . they are not removable . 
no this was not a great product . it just gives a slight impression of the design not an actual lace look . and since it is just one design in a pattern it wont look like a peice of lace it will look like one pattern over and over 
do n't know have n't tried it . used it on fondant and it works great . 
i used my impression mat on buttercream icing . i let the icing harden a little and it did a pretty good job . 
i have only tried it on fondant 
product dimensions length : 78 `` distance from floor to bed base : 64 5 8 `` width : 55 1 2 `` height : 81 1 8 `` mattress length : 74 1 2 `` mattress width : 53 `` 
the bed stands at 5'11 '' - so just under two meters . my daughter 's ceiling is 8 ' , so she has just over two feet of clearance above it , which can be snug . but she loves it anyway . she had a very nice twin size mattress , but it was so thick that the bed 's railings served no purpose . we replaced her mattress with an inexpensive , 6 inch thick mattress and now she can sit up in bed without hitting her head and the railings are several inches higher than the mattress so she feels more secure . by the way , i 've anchored her bed to a 1x6 that is screwed into the wall studs and has ten decorative knobs from which she can hang clothing and necklaces and such . it 's gone a long way to feminize the bed for my pink-loving ten year old ! 
no it does not , but it is an excellent product otherwise . you can buy single mattresses for it . it has metal webbing which will support it well . this is really a wonderful product that i would highly recommend . it came with extra screws and so forth in case you lost one and i did . instructions are very straight forward , very strong , i have a desk under my bed , which i put plastic over the mattress and am using it for storage . i may someday need it as a bed which is why i have the mattress . good luck in whatever decision you make , but the frame is very well made and strong . do n't tighten all the screws until everything is together , that way any adjustments can be made if necessary . even the parts for assembly are numbered . my daughter bought a similar bed , with not experience put it together in one evening . i used to be a contractor with more specialized knowledge of such things . 
look on line with the manufacturer or go to a hardwood store 
same thing happened here only way i figured it out was the picture took a bit longer but it worked 
i do n't know about completely upright , but close . my daughter has this and is a freshman in high school a little over 5 '' and sits up on it to do her homework ! 
you can fit another twin bed on a hollywood frame or a full bed fitting long ways out 
it is a twin bed . just a standard twin , nothing extra fancy . 
there are about 30 metal tubes that stretch from either side and are banded together and bolted to the frame during assembly 
i would n't have a kid over 150lbs on it . it will hold , but excessive movement i would think would compromise its integrity with that much or more weight . 
yes , i believe so . 
2 k cups will fill it up . i like to brew up 1 k cup and freeze it in an ice cube tray . use a couple of those as ice along with some regular ice cubes . maybe 1 2 to 1 2 ratio . drinks wo n't water down . i use the 2nd and or 3rd settings on the b -70 ( it has 5 ) 
yes , we use these type of brew cups to use any of our tea or coffee . however we like to use paper filters inside the cup to keep some sediment out of the cup . 
package says 32oz. -- -one quart 
yes - you can brew coffee and put in fridge for next day . it 's hot or cold . 
i do n't think it 's bpa and its recommended for hand wash only 
no it is n't . it says in very small letters hand wash and do not microwave . i hand wash most everything anyhow so it never was a concern for me . it 's a very nice pitcher . 
yes , this does fit the keurig coffee maker - not sure if i have the 2.0 system as mine was given to me used by a family member . you have to remove the front base from the coffee maker in order for this pitcher to fit under it . then just slide your base back into place . ( if your front base does n't slide away from the coffee maker - then this wo n't work for you . but i think most if not all systems do have a removable base . 
yes , you just have to pull out the `` stand '' that the cup normally sits on . it 's a little taller than a traditional tumbler but holds a whole quart . 
yes - brew your favorite k-cup or vue pack directly into the pitcher over ice to create a delicious , refreshing iced coffee or tea double-walled construction keeps your drink cold bears the keurig brewed seal of approval - the only mark of genuine keurig quality not compatible with the rivo system or keurig mini plus brewers 32 oz . capacity measures 4.7 '' w x 7.0 '' h hand wash only imported 
unfinished , we used a product called emmett 's good stuff to seal the wood . it darkened it a bit but is food grade wood sealer frequently used on butcher block counters 
it rests on a small round very thick oriental carpet and it is very stable . i sometimes use a paper cutter on it without any fear of tipping . 
unsure , very sturdy and heavy duty wood . i got two as bed side tables , solid furniture . pretty light in color . 
yes paint or stain , the table comes unfinished 
the top of this table is at 29 1 2 `` 
my chair sits on an angle in my room and the closest corner of the base is about 12 inches away from the wall . it will recline without hitting the wall at this distance . 
it 's preset position ( not independent ) for both legs & back . as you recline , the legs go up 1st til reach ~80 % then back tilts so that if legs fully up you 're probably about a 10-20 % back recline . then proceeds from there to full back recline . we 've found using a pillow behind helps if want the legs full up . 
the chair does not lay flat . the full recline is about 130 degrees . however between the upright position to that position it can be stopped at any point . 
hello , the seat size is 18 '' width x 21 '' deep . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
hello , this has a back up battery for this recliner . thanks 
yes there is a backup battery . since i have had no problems with the chair , i am sorry to say i have n't even thought about what i would do if it needed service . 
hello , we do apologize , the chair does recline but it does not lay flat . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
hello , the maximum weight capacity is 250 lbs . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
thanks for your question , the model item number can be found in the product description : am-p9320-4172-gg . hope to see you soon ! 
hello , the manufactures website does not state where the material is made . the material is microfiber . 
at approximately 68 '' , the bed will tip at the head board if one sits on the end . so the only way to use this frame on a standard mattress is to attach it to a headboard . i do not recommend this product for this reason , caveat emptor . 
this frame allows you to add any normal head and foot board . so if yours are normal standard twin size they should fit . 
there 's warranty on this one . 
i would assume so , but of course a division with mattresses . i needed these to have twin sized beds for triplets . they had outgrown two mattresses pushed together . one was always sleeping over the division between the mattresses ... not so comfortable ? if you were meaning hooking the frames together to make one big frame for king sized , i do n't know about that as the middle would have no supports ? i really forget how they hooked together to remember if that would work at all . kathy 
the height of the bed frame is fixed ; your default options are to put the wheels on or not . in order to get some extra height , you could try risers ? ( e.g. , a really cheap & easy method would be to cut some 2x4 to put under the frame ( with the wheels removed ) . each one will give you 1.5 '' of extra height . ) 
no . requires support for the matress 
yes 
it is a mystery why their description says `` 75 x 75 x 7 inches '' , since it is entirely incorrect . rounded to the nearest inch , it 's 64 x 39 x 8 inches . it is definitely a twin-sized bed frame . ( it 's actually a little bit shorter than ideal for a twin , but it works . note : it is not for a twin-xl . ) 
yes 
my advise , this is really weak product and useless , i bought it and it broke very fast it could hold only max 1 year old babe ! ! ! ! 
yes , the case comes with 12 built-in slots to hold the starter disks upright , but there is room to fit additional disks bewteen the slots ( however , as these extra disks are not held in place , they tend to bump into the other disks , potentially scratching them ) . the extra disk sets do not come with a storage case ; i wish that oxo would make an optional larger storage case available with at least 30 slots to hold the 12 starter disks plus any additional seasonal sets they release ( there are currently 12 additional disks available for spring and fall , with potentially more to come ) 
i 've tried it with my cheese straw recipe and it worked well , although i used it to make cheese crackers . 
it 's plastic but it seems to be pretty sturdy . i use mine pretty often and always wash it in the dishwasher . it still looks new . 
i do n't think the press would work without using one of the design plates . without one of them , i think you 'd just be forcing out a huge cylinder of dough , if anything . i 've seen other presses that have 'plain ' plates . as far as making things easier , that 's not what i think of when i use this press . i 've been mostly underwhelmed with its usefulness and performance . my old mirro and newer marcato atlas are far superior to this piece of flimsy , plastic junk from oxo . 
no , but more importantly , i advise against buying this product -- the ratcheting mechanism has failed after a few batches , and it is unusable . some combination of poor design and poor manufacturing . 
per my review , this press has design flaw and stopped working on any dough after 1st batch of cookies 
no , i can tell you with good authority that there is no cookie press that will do that . the dough for any cookie press has to be perfectly smooth so it will squeeze through the little different shape plates that form the cookies . nuts , raisins , chocolate chips will totally block it and you will scream and throw it against the wall ! 
no , i do n't believe this device will work for stuffing pasta or deviled eggs . you need piping tips for those , and a continuous feed ... this has neither . it is really designed to deliver one cookie ( through a die cut disc ) at a time . try a wilton piping back instead . 
i do n't think so . there is no attachment for that . 
the plunger should not move up without pressing the gray button . maybe it 's stuck ? ? 
it is stainless steel . 
i do n't own a dishwasher ( although i 'm married to one , & lt ; grin & gt ; ) . seriously , i do n't see why you ca n't put the base in a dishwasher if it 's safe to do so with the lid . the base is all metal . i would probably be careful to only use the top rack for the lid , though . 
yes . 
i did n't know they were out . i ordered mine a few weeks ago . i have four of the midnight blue in stock . roxanne 
dont think it will fit . 
yes , there is place but you have to open the anti spill valve . 
yes 
yep 
it 's 7 - 1 4 '' high . 
yes it should be fine , but maybe test it out with just water in it first . the button creates a pretty good seal and not easy to accidently push . 
it is stainless steel . 
i do n't own a dishwasher ( although i 'm married to one , & lt ; grin & gt ; ) . seriously , i do n't see why you ca n't put the base in a dishwasher if it 's safe to do so with the lid . the base is all metal . i would probably be careful to only use the top rack for the lid , though . 
yes . 
i did n't know they were out . i ordered mine a few weeks ago . i have four of the midnight blue in stock . roxanne 
dont think it will fit . 
yes , there is place but you have to open the anti spill valve . 
yes 
yep 
it 's 7 - 1 4 '' high . 
yes it should be fine , but maybe test it out with just water in it first . the button creates a pretty good seal and not easy to accidently push . 
about 2 inches high same size as a k-cup 
no 
this is just a refill filter for the reusable filters . it goes right inside those . ca n't use this without one . 
yes , worked for me ... i will say it 's rather messy compared to the kcups . 
these are only extra filter baskets that fit inside the filter holder and lid . 
yes if you have the filter housing for the reusable filter basket . they will not fit in the standard k-cup holder . 
when this happen to me i replaced them with these from amazon . i dump out the grinds then rinse them very well after each use . this seems to help at least in my case . i have found that if you let the grinds sit in the filter until the next day it is much harder to get the filter clean . 
yes they will fit , but are not good quality . also you will need a `` my k-cup '' reusable filter holder and lid to use these . these are only filter baskets that fit inside the `` my k-cup '' . 
actually steve , i stopped using these . they did not work well without creating a mess . i found a different model at bed , bath , and beyond that has a lid that i use now . no mess . 
hello serephia , the ultrastream is made of several approved plastic parts but are all very durable ; we travel with them all the time doing various demos . just flush it out and turn the diverter to the `` off '' position , wrap or pad it and it travels easily . call if need more information . 970-485-5955 . 
i can not weigh in about the future existence of the company but i consider it as a good buy . i like it very much . the filtered water taste good and feel `` smooth '' . it needs zero maintenance until you need to replace the filter . 
the replacement cartridges are easily exchanged . for a family of four drinking two liters of water each per day , the cartridge should last one year . you will see the cost here on amazon of $ 199 . to change them the top spout pulls off along with the top cover and the cartridge easily screws off and the new one screws back on . the ease and simplicity of the ultrastream is also what makes it so affordable . please let us know if you have more questions and thank you for your interest . 
alkaway has a unique 8 step filtration process works - from filtering bacteria , fluoride and heavy metals , to alkalizing , ionizing , and hydrogenating your kitchen water . check http : www.alkaway.com for all of the benefits of alkaline water . it is amazing . 
thank you for asking linda ; the ph can be adjusted to a range between 8.5 and 10. please feel free to call : 970-485-5955 or visit us at waterforhealthusa.com thank you for your interest . bert middleton 
16 '' x 16 '' it is a square rather than the rectangle shape pictured . 
satin . i like my tray a lot . i have it on a square footstool . it looks nice 
it is a sturdy tray but because of the black color it 's hard to say ... my guess would be wood or a very heavy plastic . it does not feel or look cheap . i have had many compliments on it . i have it sitting on a large ottoman ( coffee table ) in my family room and everyone uses it to set their coffee on . i would definitely purchase it again . 
16 inches x 16 inches 
made in china or malaysia . i have already peeled the label , so sorry , could not remember . 
16 1 2 exterior dimensions square 15 1 4 inside 2 inch high side . i like it ! 
sorry , katrina , i bought this as gift and had it sent straight on , so do not have the product to check . ruth 
forged in china . holds edge very well . for the price , it is almost as good as my shun . 
hi , the handle is in triangular share with round edge . thanks . 
if you have to ask , then , as a general rule , it is not . it would be plastered all over the place if it was . 
do n't know country of origin but as a damascus blade , perhaps , japan . it is very similar with the shun 8 inch chef knife , which i also own . it 's slightly shorter than a shun and lighter . the blade is sharp ; remember to hone blade edge prior to cutting . i wanted to try a chef knife approx 40 % less than a shun . for the price wonderful knife . also try a zhen vg-10 or 3-ply knives . 
the stones that come with it suck . but yes the edge pro stones work great 
yes you can adjust the angle . once adjusted it is fixed . words ... : - ) there are marked lines for the standard angles , but any angle within the range is possible . they sent a sharpie type pen with it to mark the blade edge . then you move the stone across the edge adjusting the angle so the ink comes off evenly . that matches the angle of the knife to the sharpener and you work through the stones til it is a polished edge . 
edge pro stones , they work great ! edgepro.com 
they work best with water . 
to be exact not sure . however it is designed to take edge pro sized stones . the holder is also spring loaded so i imagine there is just a bit of flexibility there as well regarding stone length . 
its a nylon bag with velcro flaps . it 's not a high quality but it totally gets the job done . the color of mine bag was camo . 
yes , it 's black and made from a heavier guage tyvek like material . it is styled like a gym bag . 
hi , we are sorry that germany is n't in our supported shipping country . 
yes , i sharpen my pocket knives and outdoor knives on it ! get a set of edge pro stones though 
yes , it will take any edge pro compatible stone . if your knives are in decent condition and you just want to bring them back from ok to real sharp then the included stones will suffice . if you intend to do anything more intense than that you should pick up some additional stones sooner rather than later . google around and you will find lots of alternative sources for stones for edge pro . 
do not buy this . it 's garbage . in fact , i 'm going to attempt to return mine to amazon . i ca n't even believe they a sell such a horrible product : ( 
46 '' tall x 77 '' wide x 41 '' deep + 3.5 '' for the ladder 
this thing is junk . i returned mine , it started to crack as i was putting it together . do not buy ! it 's not real solid wood . 
not sure what you mean . if you 're asking if you can move the ladder from the 3 drawer dresser and attach it to the two drawer dresser side , the answer is no . the two ends can be changed depending on where you want the front of the bed and the ladder to face but that 's it . sorry , i hope that was helpful . btw , my 7 year old loves her bed . i 'm just not that crazy about it . it 's not as sturdy as i would like a bed to be and the edges on the top of the bed are kind of sharp . have to be very careful getting on and off the bed . 
i have the 6 inch foam ones n they are great ! the rail is super high except where the sides come down for getting in and out 
i just assembled it last week . it is 77 1 4 from edge to edge . 
the exact dimensions are 76.5 '' l x 40.5 '' w x 15.75 '' h 
yes , you can configure it however you need . i actually have 2 of these in one room , facing each other with an aisle in the middle - so the ladder and single drawer are on the right for one , and the left for the other . 
it is connected to the bed . it is all sold together . : ) my 5 year old has this bed and loves it ! 
the middle dresser is sold separately . 
i have no idea about dimensions . i was contacted by delivery folk as i ordered it via amazon prime , we set up a time and they came and took it off the truck . it was wrapped up in plastic and it was easy to put together . 
this sectional has a nice shine to it but is not overly shined like cheap plastic . it has a nice shine like it has been polished with leather cleaner . the color is definitely more beige than white . it 's like a cream more so than an eggshell white . i love this sectional and it has been my favorite purchase i have made for my home so far ! 
this is not a sleeper sofa . 
the left hand side 
no it is not ... sorry 
it 's in the product details . product dimensions : 70.5 x 114.5 x 34.5 inches ; 189 pounds 
it is about 90 % assembled , the glass shelf has to be unpacked and the pins placed before the shelf can be installed . we added a second glass shelf . also there is the electrical cable and plug to arrange . the final set up is to adjust the feet to stabilize the cabinet . we have 2 of them and have been very satisfied . 
hello , according to the product description , the dimensions are 47.25 w ( 120 cm ) x 14 d ( 36 cm ) x 33 h ( 84 cm ) . the dimensions found under product details refer to shipping dimensions , and may include packaging . i hope this helps ! 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions of the cabinet are 33 '' high x 47.25 '' wide x 14 '' deep . the other dimensions would be the shipping dimensions . hope this helps 
the information provided on amazon was provided by either amazon or another seller . the information is incorrect . the information on the howard miller site is correct . we have requested amazon update the dimensions and it appears this has been done . thank you for bringing this to our attention . 
yes but regularly oiling hides marks and it can be sanded 
hi edward , this will ship within 2 business days . thanks for asking . 
this is approx 14 x 14 x 2. we can make any custom size you 'd like , so please let us know if there 's a different size you 're looking for . best , joe armani armani fine woodworking 
hi lisa , i was n't aware of these questions until now , my apologies . we 'll be answering all future questions within 1 day . we ship many butcher blocks to austraila and would be happy to do this for you via priority mail through the postal service . thanks , joe armani armani fine woodworking 
yes , we can make any custom size you 'd like . we make this design all the way up to 48 x 72 countertops 
yes , we would be happy to make this size for you . please contact us through our storefront on amazon . thank you . 
we 're happy to make any custom size you 'd like . please contact us through our storefront on amazon . thank you . 
the short ones are 11in and long ones 23.5in 
i would say it 's normal not gloss . 
about 12 inches . 
yes , the unit can be placed either way around . 
no , in white . 
the shelve is sturdy , not flimsy at all . i use mine to display vases and books . and it 's very stable . 
11.5 '' deep 
yes , and i have considered using it as a divider myself . it is easy to assemble and a good quality item . 
it is about 5 ft 8 inches in height and around 4 ft in width . overall is it an amazing piece of furniture - you will not regret it ! 
no , they do not . thanks . 
i think they are lead free . what grade , i do n't remember . the manufacturer should be able to tell you as i believe they told me 
8 oz . 
hi , the cups are 5 3 4 '' tall and 2 1 2 '' wide . they hold 8oz of liquid . thanks 
no , they are the same on the inside and outside , my kids love them and i do n't worry that they will break ! 
yes , absolutely . 
about 3 3 4 inches tall by 2 1 2 inches in diameter 
i love this little machine , but it is small . i have done napkins and small tablecloths . i think sheets would be difficult . 
it works great ! it 's also a nice small size to store anywhere.. hope this helps 
instructions only say household use only ! 
no 
on shirts it does and very good but on pants it takes a little while to get the line hope this helps man 
yes but you can only do half the pant leg at a time . i think it 's great but could see how others could find it annoying 
it gets pretty hot . you have to be careful with more delicate fabrics , but this is a very nice steamer . as far as using it without steam , i really do n't think so . 
the ironing pad is 20 '' x 8 '' just like the description . the handle is 3 '' longer , and the back hinge is 6 '' longer . works great . 
it uses standard amount of wattage standard wall plug 
i think it would give you enough pressure . this is a great little machine . i threw away my iron ! hoe this helps ! 
cotton . they shrunk a little after i washed them . they still fit the full mattress but it 's tough getting them on and they do n't `` hug '' the corners . 
no ! bed skirt is not included with the comforter set . i hope this helps . thanks ! michelle 
yes ! there are soccer balls on the comforter . hope that this helps with your decision . thank you . michelle 
not at all . it barely fit a regular comfortable mattress . its looks good though once its all put together . it did n't come with the bed skirt like i thought either . 
55 % cotton and 45 % polyester . 
no..it definitely can not . we have it on a double bed and it barely fits that . it is a cute pattern , so we make it work but definitely not for a queen ... good luck.. 
no it is for a full or twin . 
no they are 55 % cotton , also in case your not aware ( i was n't ) it does n't come with the bed ruffle : ( 
it 's not oversized . it 's like a standard queen . great pillow though . i love it . 
yes . treat it just as you would any standard pillow . 
i think 'oversize ' in the description is 'over ' stated . this pillow fits in a standard protector and pillow case . 
i have a teal blue but there may be a darker navy but too . the teal blue is really nice . i have purchased 10 of these towels over the last year ( 4 for my kids ) ( 6 for nieces and nephews ) . there is no bleeding at all and i even have black ones and have had no problems . plus my kids call them their `` cozy '' towels = ) hope this helps . 
i think if you contact the vender he she will let you know . i just used names 
shipping is $ 3 on all additional towels . thank you for your interest ! 
hi there ! thanks for your interest in out towels ! we ship within 7 days of order date and use 2 -3. day shipping . the 17th would be the last day to order to receive them by the 27th . we can usually ship faster : ) you can contact us directly to inquire of our current shipping times . info @ theadorablestudio.com 
yes ! for the 2014 holiday season we are guaranteeing all towels will be there by the 24th of december if orders are placed and your towel customization is sent to us by december 12th ! 
hi joan ! here are the towel and fabric options we offer . after placing an order you will receive an email from adorable studio or feel free to contact us directly if we can help further ! 1. towel color blue , red , apple green , pink , raspberry , orange , purple , plum , yellow , gray , chocolate , teal , white 2. fabric choice for the name blue chevron , polka dot or gingham check red polka dot or check apple green chevron , polka dot or gingham check pink chevron , polka dot or gingham check purple chevron , polka dot , gingham check yellow chevron , polka dot or gingham check gray chevron , polka dot or check chocolate chevron , or check teal chevron , polka dot or gingham check rainbow chevron or polka dot black chevron , polka dot , check or houndstooth check 
to let us know the personalization information you can send us a direct message or reply to our message . we will contact you after purchase for customization information . 
hi marsha ! thanks for your interest in our adorable personalized towel . the width of the towel will only allow for 10 letters . the words can be stacked in 3 lines . there is an up-charge of $ 5 , payable directly to the seller for more than 20 characters . since your request is only 17 characters , you will not be charged any additional amount . please let us know if we can give you any further information about this or feel free to send us a direct message to discuss your order . all the best ! trixie ~ owner the adorable studio 
yes . there is a 10 letter max per towel . we are open to special requests . please direct message the seller for more information . thank you ! 
yes ! numbers are available . design it as you would like ! 
this nacho cheese dispenser does not come with the cheese product , and would be a seperate purchase . please let us know if we may be of more service . 
they offer no support whatsoever 
depends how much cheese is placed . our kid parties can go 2-3 days . 
hello lavon oneill . we appreciate you inquiry . our price for the nacho cheese dispenser is the lowest price available on amazon . we pride ourselve 's on being the lowest priced item backed by an excellent customer sevice experience . please let us know if we may be of more service to you . regards , dealsplus1 
shelves are removable , but not adjustable . only 2 shown because that is what we put when we take the picture . there is one more glass shelves which you would put in between the 2 glass shelves shown . 
hi , this item we have black finish is the darkest color and mahogany is between cherry and walnut finish . 
kind of a dark espresso 
hi , we ship by ups ground they go by weights and dimensions . even we pack together the shipping rate goes up . thank you ! 
outside 20 '' h x 16 '' w x 4 1 4 '' d. interior 18 '' h x 14 1 4 '' w x 3 '' d . 
the cabinet has two glass shelves . my wife has it hanging in the bathroom to display some of her perfume collection . 
hi , yes we do have it in black finish for this item . thank you ! 
sorry , no 
hi , this item ship to canada is $ 71.30 for the shipping fees ship by us-mail international priority take 6-15 business days 
it does n't appear greyish to me ... 
the shelves are 3 inches wide . we did not install one shelve so we could place 4 wine glasses on the bottom shelve . that left two more shelves approximately 4 inches apart . 
no , there are fixed slots for the shelves . 
at this time we only have it in black finish 
probably it is pretty sturdy . you could probably set it on a table against a wall . 
yes 
no it 's just the blender . i have been using a ninja blender for 2 years . i like to make smoothies and burned through multiple blenders but this one is almost impossible to burn up . it works great ! 
not to sure but i kind of doubt it . is it ninja brand cups ? the blade that this blender comes with is awesome and is pretty essential to breaking down the product so i wo n't recommend using another cup and blade anyways . 
press down on the handle . 
hi . this is also stainless steel on the inside . thank you and have a great day ! 
i do n't think that is what they are for . they are drinking glasses . 
3 1 4 inches 
no , the cups unfortunately did n't state . the cups upon initial use would impart a metallic aluminum taste in the mouth which diminished after about 4-5 rounds of washing in hot water . on occasion they would also cause a mild electrical sensation as though you 'd bit into a bit of tin . 
not that i know of but it 's an excellent idea and the tops seem like they could accommodate a lid . the outside of the rim measures 3 1 4 inches across and the lip width is 1 8 in . 
i think they would get stuck . i do n't stack mine . 
inside diameter at the top of the cup is approx 2 7 8 inches 
dear luisa , the maxam 4pc double wall 13oz stainless steel tumbler set can be stack with each other . thank you and we look forward to serve you soon . 
dear customer , these items are imported from china . thanks for the attention mactexa 
the set of 4 weighs 1.93 lbs 
it 's entirely burgundy with light beige strips . very nice set . well worth the money ! 
it 's is a wine color but i washe it twice and was already coming apart was not worth it 
what i can tell you is that it fits my king size bed and it is a good fit ! 
yes the measurements are correct . the cotton in the comforter seems to bunch up that 's the only down fall . i love it but i 'm sure my next comforter will be a little more expensive 
it easily fits on our king size bed , however we do n't have a box spring . with a box spring i do n't think the sides would be covered w the comforter . 
mostly red with white . it 's pretty ! 
i have a victorio food strainer 250 and the motor has really saved my husband 's shoulder because we process a lot of tomatoes , berries , and grapes . i am sure it fits all models although the instructions do not say what it will fit and what it wo n't . but the parts are a standard size and an electric drill motor can even be hooked up to it although i do n't recommend that because it does n't work as well as the victorio motor . 
most certianly 
i wish i could help you with this but i have the same problem . 
this listing is for the motor that goes on the vkp250 sauce maker . the screen that does come on the sauce maker is called the standard screen . it does tomato and apple sauce very well . 
no 
we do n't ship internationally either , but if you look past the bullet points on this listing there are other sellers that you can get this from . in there , there is a seller that shows international shipping rates available and they may ship to you . 
no 
no that would be better made in a blender or food processor . this product motor is used with the food strainer for fruits and vegetable to make sauces and purees . 
they are sold separate . motor is $ 54 and strainer is $ 51 
`` espresso '' is more fitting than cherry . its a very deep , dark brown . 
i just measured ours as 30 ' high ( tall ) . 25 1 2 ' wide ( left to right ) . 10 ' deep . we love ours . hope this helps . 
sorry but i do n't remember the particulars regarding its size . but i do remember that it was too small for our use . 
china 
47 '' wide , 31 '' high , and 11 1 2 deep 
sue : my table is all the same color . 
either the long portion of the legs or the short portion has the screw , the other end has the socket , and you screw the two together with the shelf in between . 
the back is not finished . it has a elegant look from the front and very spacious . hope this helps 
i am not sure if it had a weight rating , but i imagine it would safely hold up to 50lbs . the flat screen should be just fine . 
yes . it works great no sticking . 
16 inches 
no . 
bottom shelf is about 4 inches from floor and about 22 inches between bottom shelf and bottom edge of the top 
the dimensions are 47w x 11d x 31h . its a simple piece , but i really like it . 
the top measures out to approx 15 '' wide , 47 '' long , 30 '' tall . 
yes , but it 's pretty easy . it 's also sturdy unlike most furniture that needs assembling . 
i never received the table . i waited months . not sure what happened . 
if there is enough volume of gas it will be up to 325,000 btu . but in order to get this high of btu you have to have a meter that has that capability . as it turned out , my gas meter was only able to provide about 250,000 btu and with the small line i had feeding it there was not enough volume of gas to pull enough air to make a clean flame . so , until i get a larger meter and run at least a 1 '' gas line i can not use this burner . good luck ... 
3 4 '' npt female 
i do n't use one with my homes natural gas . you would probably need one if you 're using propane 
i would n't use indoors unless i had an industrial sized kitchen hood with plenty of ventilation . 
the 23 tip burner is 9 '' in diameter and the 32 tip burner is 10 '' in diameter 
have you got it installed yet ? depends on how thick the metal is on the pot or pan . for my application i went 7 inches and only opening the gas half way . 
pretty loud as well . these are really meant for natural gas unless you get an adapter . 
i am using a gas ball valve for each burner . i believe but am not positive that my house gas service is the same . i ca n't answer what i 'm achieving btu wise but can finish a 31 gallon batch of homebrew in the same time it took to do a 10 gallon batch , and have btus that do n't get used . 
no unfortunately we do not offer free shipping on this item . 
https : www.cspost.com view.php ? side=coolfinds & item=8693 & zipcode= this website says they are microwave and dishwasher safe . 
i had a hard time finding this answer myself . mine have been washed in the dishwasher and survived just fine . i searched for bamboo dishes in general and found that the concern seems to be the potential for growth of mold , whether in dishwasher or if left to soak in the sink . to my mind it seemed that the dishwasher would battle that issue but i saw nothing about that . i also wondered about microwave use . two of my plates were warped when delivered to me so i decided to try . they survived the microwave too . again i have no idea about food safety or longevity of the plates but they did n't show any sign of damage . 
sorry i do n't know about dishwasher . i returned immediately as did not like them . 
yes , i keep all my 15ml and taller roller balls in this box . i love it ! 
yes 
i also have the same question but it seems the seller does not want to answer our questions . sad . 
i got two pillow cases and two throw pillows also 
i would not buy this . the truth is , it is machine washable . i washed it on a gentle cycle and put in dryer . bunched up terribly . 
approximately 101 '' wide and 86 '' long 
i have ordered two similar dispensers from amazon . this one came well packed in a box and arrived just fine . the earlier one was equally well packed and arrived in a million pieces . amazon replaced it no problem . there are a lot of things besides packaging that will affect how it arrives . 
the lid does not have a gasket . however i have not found that to be an issue - i do n't move it after i fill it . hope that helps 
a little over a gallon . maybe a pint more to the top 
china 
my jar came with the spigot 
about one gallon of liquid . 
6 '' 
approx . 11 '' in height w o lid . 12.8 '' w lid . 
they do ! 
you can fit into a luggage . the only things that come out in pieces are the cupcake holders . hope that helps 
yes but it 's hard to get the cupcakes in and out without messing up the frosting . 
yes , it does spin . 
this item was such a disappointment . it only holds tiny , tiny little mini cupcakes and even they are hard to get in and take out . 
i measured the base . the width is 9.75 inches . the length ( thickness ) is 5.5 inches . 
its about a pound or pound and a half . 
janice , the hose assembly comes with the 2 prongs for 120vac on the hose connector . taped to the handle is an adapter module that replaces this with the extension cord that plugs into a standard 120vac outlet . it will work with the old style or new style . regards , ken 
yes it is what you need . it works great . easy to install . 
our system was installed same year , yes it works very well . make sure your plug is compatible though . 
yes 
sorry , i do not know . we have the beam system along with ehe beam wall sockets ... good luck 
yes 
the canister which collects the debris is usually mounted in the garage somewhere . with mine you unlatch , twist off , remove and carefully dump the debris in an oversized bag . i.e . creates a big dust cloud when dumped . if you mean how to clean the hoses mounted in the walls ... . since all the debris is carried to the canister it probably does not matter . any hand held part or attachment could be cleaned in a sink with soap and water ( do not submerge any electrical parts or cords though ! ) . good luck . 
this is the real thing . mine works great . 
yes . that is the style i have . this unit works great for less $ ! i contacted the # on the website with the same concern and he called me back asap ! 
the cover is an option . 
only if it is a small dog . it is air filled and will pop a hole . not good for dog bed . just buy a dog bed at the same price . 
they are inflatable so they will pop eventually if not sat on carefully . so it 's worth it if you do n't have and kids flopping on them . 
air filled very comfortable but quickly got a hole . i would buy bean filled next time because they last longer . i also like the way the beans conform to your body . 
no warranty . i know that it will lose air ( slowly ) . i will not recommend this bean less chair . 
it 's like a bean bag chair but no beans in it you will have to buy an air pump and pump it the electric pump cost at least $ 17 for a simple basic one and you have to keep the pump because it depends on your use you will have to continue putting air in it 
it 's about a 3-1 2 foot diameter . 
no , it does n't have ... 
very . my husband is 6'2 '' and 210 lbs . the chair snuggles him 
it 's all plastic , so yea 
yeah 
yes 
unfortunately only one . 
one sham per package 
it is for one sham . i purchased two for my queen size bed . they are of a beautiful sateen cotton - very nicely made . 
yes , i think so . the shelf measures 2 3 8 '' width on the inside of the rack . 
the spice rack is 12 1 2 '' wide ; 8 3 4 '' tall ; and 2 '' deep ( front to back ) 
technically , yes . however , the rack is fairly thin , so it would be a question of how much weight you would put on it . 
no it is not 3 inches deep . it measures more like 2 & 3 8 deep for unit and for a bottle to sit on 'shelf ' is more like 2 1 4 inches between front and back curving sides of each shelf . hope this helps . 
hobby lobby or michael 's would most likely sell them . 
i would call amazon to see what they can do to help you . if you bought it from a private seller , try contacting them ( i think there 's a way to message them in `` your orders '' ) . 
i did n't pay much attention to this since i had n't planned to hang it but it did come with mounting hardware so i imagine its definitely able to be wall mounted . 
the spice rack itself is 8.5 '' - it is amazing and looks so nice on my counter top ! 
the top shelf is perfect for larger bottles . i have a variety of sizes and managed to fit them all . the middle shelf would work for smaller jars . best spice rack i 've had . 
8 1 4 inches , measured from the bottom of the foot to the top edge . 
we got the product with rubber pads attached . 
it 's not huge . i 'd say about 10 pieces 
the height is 12 '' total ; the bottom basket is 10 '' across and 3 '' deep ; the top basket is 81 2 '' by approx . 2 3 4 '' deep . 
the stand is 11 inches high overall . the baskets are 9 inches in diameter . 
i do n't think so . doing so would probably cause the basket to tip too far forward once any kind of weight is placed in it . 
top basket is 8.5 in , bottom is 10.5 in , and it takes up 11.5 inches overall . 
top basket is 8-1 2 '' ; bottom basket is 10-1 2 : '' the height is 13 '' to the top of the handle . 
steel ... excellent product ... i simply love the design and space saving value . 
mine does have clear plastic around each of the feet . it does n't scratch my granite countertops . i'am very happy with it . 
short answer : 18 - 21 jars , depending on size of jar . long answer : each shelf holds 6 to 7 jars depending on the size of the jar . my shelf is holding 20 spice jars right now . ( all different brands and sizes of jar . ) i tested , and you can definitely fit 7 trader joe 's spice size jars on one shelf . they are about 1-1 2 '' at their widest . more than one jar wider than 1-3 4 '' and only 6 will fit per shelf . each shelf has an interior length of about 12-1 2 '' and an interior width of about 2-1 4 '' . note : the height of the shelf , with the spices in it , is 16 '' . it does not fit under my overhead cabinets , or inside the cabinets ( because of shelf height ) . i 've got it sitting on the counter where there is nothing overhead . it could also be mounted on a wall , but it is quite heavy fully loaded ( 7-1 2 lbs ) , so you 'd need to mount it to wall studs , or a wood wall ( not dry wall ) . 
yes , it is more than sturdy enough to hold nail polish bottles . however , it has a tendency to tip over , as it is very light weight . would be more effective storing polish bottles if the rack was mounted on the wall . it works very well in the kitchen , too , to hold spice bottles . 
overall dimensions : 13.25 '' h x 13 '' w x 2.75 '' d 
there is 5.125 inches between shelves . so , yes . 
the rack can fit two essie nail polish jars side by side . i use it for nail polish 
yes 
it doest come with pre drilled holes but u can be created and make it work 
yes these would fit . 
they should . the shelves are 2.5 '' wide and the space is just over 5 '' between shelves . 
yes 
i had to return this spice rack because it would not fit my containers . they were just shy of 5 1 2 inches tall . hope this helps . 
approx . 2 1 4 '' x 12 3 4 '' . 
i have a small apartment and mounting would n't work . it 's not mounted and it 's fine . stability is not an issue , but i could use two . it only fits about 15 spice jars . if i cooked more , i 'd get another . 
maybe 6-8 , depending on the size ? i only have one large garlic salt and three of the tiny size mccormick containers . i uploaded a picture of my spice rack filled up for reference . it should appear in the customer image gallery shortly . 
i just tried one to check , it fits perfectly . really neat idea ! 
i think it could . 
2.25 '' wide for all shelves and 5 '' tall for middle and lower shelf 
it will work ... but you have to not care about your tea bags sitting straight , they will sit at an able . 
the standard size containers fit just fine . the larger ones i have to put on the top shelf . they 're a little wider in circumerfence as well so they fit a little tighter . 
close to 13 '' h , 13 '' w , 1.5 `` d 
find a way to keep your fingers from slipping and turn the side with the line or two lines counter clockwise about 1 2 inch . that does it . 
i actually do n't recommend it . i suppose you could put a receiver on a pet 's collar somehow . i bought mine to put on my husband 's cane . it seems that every time he loses his cane and goes to use it , the batteries are dead . and when it does work , it does n't have much range , nor is it very loud , so it does n't really help . 
i do n't know . i threw this gizmo out some time ago . 
apply a little pressure when turning 
might be cheaper to buy the whole thing again , but as i said they are crap , so u might want to save your money . 
the entire back of the unit slides about 1 8 inch , then lifts up . press down on the back and slide toward the bottom ( toward the slit on the end ) . 
i bought a mini 4 screwdriver set packaged like a fountain pen that i carry in my purse . when i replace the battery at walmart , i have to use it to open my items , because they do not want to be held liable . 
it runs on button batteries , with no cords or adapters . 
it does n't require anything special to work . just put in the batteries and press the button on the `` finder '' to make the keytag beep . 
it was not easy . hold the bottom part with one hand and turn the top counter clockwise . it took a while , but finally worked . 
hello mark , i am not sure but in using this product it did not have the heft other filters have . it was a bit flimsy and you may want to use two together for better results . at one time i had bought a case of good pre-filters on ebay but have yet to find that brand again , tho i have not made a a thourough search as yet . hope this helps.. : ) 
i ordered quantity 1 and received two packages , each containing one 16 x 48 '' filter , 0.31 '' thick . 
i have been buying these for over 2 years . my last order i noticed a change in thickness . looking at these into a light you can see that the thickness is inconsistent , much like those cheap fiberglass furnace filters . you do n't mention the application you want to use these for . i tape these to my furnace pleated merv 8 filters and you can tell that the air is much cleaner and odorless . for my application they are perfect . the thickness on my last order was 1 8th and theses do not diminish air flow . i hope all this helps ... . 
no just a plastic bag i put the extra in a large zip lock bag and it stayed good 
i do n't know . i 've never seen this kind of filter for a microwave 
the filter is about 1 4 '' thick . 
about 8 inches wide . just an fyi , it does not spin and is pretty flimsy . 
no , it does not . it has a black felt velveteen material on the bottom . i am able to fairly easily `` twirl '' it from the top on my granite countertops but you have to turn the entire thing . 
it 's about 10 inches tall and holds 35 kcups . i love mine : ) 
not really . the button works two ways - you can `` pulse '' it with a quick press , or press a little deeper and it 'll lock in the `` on '' position . 
no , just go to end where the button is and slide the door open . 
i have used it with almond milk with the same results . 
the wand is not detachable . the handle is made of plastic . but the good sturdy kind of plastic . i 've only had the kuissential frother for about a month and it 's still going strong . i actually brought it with me on a vacation with friends . my friends thought i was funny that i brought it , but then could n't believe how perfect the cappuccinos and latte 's came out . they all went out and ordered one . also , i think this is a great stocking stuffer idea . it really is one of my favorite purchases this year ! 
if the mug is rather short , then yes . the revolutions are intense , so deeper `` tube '' glasses or deeper mugs are ideal . begin low ( toughing ) the apparatus to the bottom of the cup , then raise slowly ( monitoring ) . as you move the frother up down - you will create more and more froth . the unit is outstanding ( and not just for coffee - i 've moved into mix cocktails as well ) . i 'm thing about buying about 20 of these things as next years christmas gifts ... .. 
honestly , i would n't consider these two items as interchangeable at all . the blender would be for soups or chunky things that need to be made smooth . this is for creating foam out of already smooth liquids ... mainly milk into foam , ect ... i 'd never consider using it to make fresh tomatoes into marinara sauce just like id never use a blender stick to make a latte . just my opinion , but it works wonderfully ! 
yes it does . i warm 2percent milk ( half cup or so ) in a 2 cup pyrex container in microwave . then immerse kuissential in the milk and turn on . makes nice froth for cappuccino . great little machine ! 
it 's pretty easy to press , and you do n't have to hold it down . just click it on and off . 
4 '' 
i have the jug type frother , as well . i like the slickfroth much better . with the slickfroth , i heat the milk in the microwave for about 30 seconds , then the slickfroth for about 15 seconds . still , it 's much faster than the jug frother , which takes about 2 minutes . one more note , i also have an aerolatte portable ( similar to kuissential 's ) whisk type frother ; i like the slickfroth the best ! 
underneath - measurement inside legs : 21 '' w x 18.5h x 10.5 '' d 
33 '' tall and 25 '' wide and 12 '' deep 
solid wood . its a very nice piece of furniture . bottoms of drawers are somewhat thin so i would n't put anything too heavy in them . i love it for an entry table for keys , leashes and mail . 
yes it would be sturdy enough , however you would need to be very careful about spills as it does not have a sealed finish and would probably stain fairly easily . 
matte grey , very light , i love it ! 
the top 3 drawers are 5 1 4 wide x 5 1 4 deep and 9 1 4 long . the bottom drawers are : left & right drawers on the bottom are 3 3 4w x 3 3 4deep & 9 1 4 long ; the middle bottom drawer is 8 3 4w x 3 3 4 deep & 9 1 4 long . hope this helps . 
karen . i hate to say this but i hate to return this piece of furniture because it was so poorly built . i would say that if you could get it put together you would not be happy with staining it . it 's a nice rustic green and i think if you tried to stain it it would end up almost black . you would be better off painting it i would think . good luck ! 
sure . finish is rough so be careful with drinks , use a coaster . 
top drawers are 6 x 6 inches . smaller bottom drawers are 4.5 x 4.inches . bottom middle is 9 x 4 . 
just scroll down on the page and all details are there . 
it does not swivel . i am not sure if it can hold a 60 '' tv . mine is holding a rather hefty 55 '' and it works perfectly . if the bracket width actually needs to be wider for the 60 '' then it probably wo n't work , but if its the same as mine but rather 'weight ' is the deciding factor then i 'm sure your 60 '' weighs less than my 55 '' insignia . 
the height is very good i liked look beautiful . 
i have a 55 inch vizio smart lcd tv and it is perfect . 65 might be pushing it . there would be enough room , but depends on the weight of it . 
the table has 3 shelves . the overall width is 54 inches , overall height to top of table is 21.5 inches , overall depth is 17 inches the bottom tier is 17deep x 49.5wide with 8 inches headspace . the middle tier is 49.5 wide x 15 deep x 8 inches headspace , the top tier is 54 wide by 13 deep 
no it does not . it 's just flat on the back . 
it is possible to adjust the height , but very little . i ca n't measure by how much since my tv is on it now . but you would adjust it my attaching the mounting bracket to the tv via lower or higher holes . overall it would be plus or minus a few inches tops . 
i would hesitate to order this from amazon . i do n't know how large the cubes are , mainly because the wood was so damaged when it arrived ( it had obviously been returned by a previous customer ) i did n't even take it out of the box . i opened the box to find a huge hole in the first piece of wood and immediately returned it . if you have a costco in your area ( or can order online ) i would recommend checking there first . i bought mine after returning this and love it . it even comes with cubes so you do n't have to worry about finding a size that fits ! 
i would n't trust it with that much weight . i do n't remember the spec loads but they are less than you might think , especially on the side . 
yes , all sides 
i have a bunch of old lp 's in mine , they fit just fine . 
i would say it is more black than brown . it 's labelled as espresso ( brown-black ? ) though . 
15.5 x 31.5 x 60 inches 
15.5 inches x 31.5 inches x 60inches 
it 's more black than espresso . 
height : 16.6 inches length : 3 feet 6 inches width : 18.4 inches weight : 49.28lbs 
i use coasters . otherwise it bubbles up . but it 's pretty sturdy 
yes it does match 
it 's a dark chocolate almost black . 
it is partical board with veneer coating for a nicer look . it is more sturdy then much else in the price range . 
it was moderately difficult it takes about an hour . 
i am trying to get an answer to this myself ? i ordered the end tables in cherry black ... if i purchase the coffee table , want 2 be assured it too comes in same colour . 
i have not had this problem . 
this coffee table is 41 inches long , 18.5 inches wide and about 17 inches tall . good size and plenty of room for all your stuff ! 
yes this is espresso ( black ) the dark cherry is slightly lighter with a red tinge . 
yes . i have my 50 inch television on it right now . 
i think this tv mount is too small for a 60 '' . it barely fit our 42 '' .there is only 6 '' between shelves . 
i used it for a 33 '' flat screen tv ... i presume if there are universal mounting holes on the back of the 55 '' tv it would work but you have to check the maximum weight rating from the seller ; the bracket must be installed on beams ( i used lag bolts which may have been overcompensating , but it is very secure ) . my advice is to contact the seller for the max weight recommendation . 
there is enough room on the top shelf for the sound bar , i 'm not sure about the center channel speaker . the bottom shelf will hold your cable box . 
all components shown come as separate pieces , so if you have a means to install the shelves without the mount , you do n't need the mount , but the shelves do have guide holes on the bottom of the shelves for screwing into the mount arms . hope this helps . 
yes should not be a problem . 
the color is espresso , but it is so dark that it can be mistaken for black . 
hello . according to the detail page the size measurements of this item are 15.8 x 18.9 x 25 inches . i hope this helps ! 
19 '' width 25 '' height 16 '' depth . love this . 
hi sherry sorry it took so long for me to respond but i called the manufacturer and their customer service person called his plant . he has advised me the drink blender is bpa free . i realize the importance of your question as i am also aggressively working to remove bpa items from my home . i hope this helps . thanks anna 
mine is 400 watts , and i think that 's what my box said , too . 
yes 
yes it will crush ice but you have to be careful with it . it will easily burn out the motor as i found out with my first cuzen . do n't know that i would recommend it for that purpose only on a daily basis . 
i do n't know ; my house it 's 110v 
that 's the downside . there do n't seem to be extra parts . i 'd contact the company . 
-i do n't know . we literally just started using it recently . so far it 's been good to us . i did a quick ebay google search after reading your question . looks like you can buy someone else 's for the price parts may cost you . i did not even think about this when purchasing due to the price . i guess i will find out soon ... 
hi nicholas , great question ! i had a customer that asked the same question and i reached out to the manufacturer for an answer . the models we have is stock are in fact bpa free according to their customer service team . i am not certain if all of them are . if you currently own one you can call them and provide the upc number , if you are interested in purchasing one the models we list are bpa free . let me know if you need further assistance . good luck ! 
the bottom of the box says : made in china . distributed by telasia inc. , laval , ouebec canada h7s 2g2 . tel : 877-895-9995. and the distributor for cuizen in the us is in corona , california . tel : 855-878-4110.there are no recycling symbols or numbers on any of the plastic parts , and nothing in print to tell us if it is bpa free or not . 
make one it should be easy 
the simple answer is yes . at its standard length , the rod bows way out into the room . put in between walls closer together , it would be even farther into the room . the good news is that you can mount the brackets and try the rod in them . if it does n't work ( protrudes too far out into the room ) , you can cut it off using a hack saw . unless you are a math wiz and can calculate how far you want it to extend into the room , i suggest cutting the rod in 1-11 2 inch increments . and them trying the rod in the brackets . it is an easy job . go for it . 
i 'm not certain what you mean by how wide . do you mean the length or the thickness or the height of thee bar ? the height is about one inch , the thickness about 1 4 inch and the length is variable according to the curvature but the length of the average bathtub when installed . hope that helps . 
no 
i would say , maybe 4-5 '' gained from a flat shower curtain rod . there is a lot more room in there after you put one in . i am happy with this . 
yes its really eaze to work whit it ... 
my span was less than 5 ft , the instructions show how to cut the rod and maintain the proper arc . i did that and cut off the amount i needed it worked . 
in my experience , no ionizer can fully eliminate that kind of smoke ( i am also extremely sensitive to it ) . however , if the smoke smell is very fresh , it might help quite a bit to clear it up and prevent it from becoming permanent , although it may not fully take care of it . if you are trying to remove the odor from an item or a piece of furniture that has had long-term exposure , it will give only minor relief , although it can help a little under those circumstances . depending on what you are trying to air out , you might benefit more fully from a full-sized ionizer , although this personal unit comes in handy in areas where you need it to be very portable , and or you are unable to connect to ac power . ( i like having both , according to the needs and circumstances of the moment . ) 
not for use outdoors 
size : 2.5 in . high x 1.5 in . wide x .85 in . deep 
the warranty card that comes with it states that it is good for 90 days , if you return the card within 10 days of purchase . unfortunately this seems to be about standard on personal ionizers , which caused me to back out on the prospective purchase for several years before i finally got one . still , the lifespan in general seems to not be dependent on the warranty length . i have had personal experience with 4 or 5 of them ( due to me being the one of my friends who actually buys stuff on the internet ) , and the oldest two have seen frequent use for about a year and a half . a third was accidentally doused in water after about a year , and did not survive the encounter . ( ionizers are very moisture sensitive . ) the other two are working fine at about six months now . it does seem like i had read that the seller i bought them from on amazon ( green tech environmental or green giraffe ) would double the manufacturer 's warranty , but i can no longer find a record of that , so it might have been temporary . i have not had cause to try and cash in on a warranty , so i can not say how it would perform . 
about 3 months . 
absolutely 
here is a link to the faa publication regarding the use of battery-powered devices on commercial flights : http : www.faa.gov about office_org headquarters_offices ash ash_programs hazmat passenger_info media faa_airline_passengers_and_batteries.pdf . as you can see , there is absolutely no prohibition to the lithium battery ( cr123 ) that the minimate gt ships with . as many of our minimate gt owners have switched over to a rechargeable battery system , we wanted to point out that the faa article also permits the use of rechargeable lithium ion batteries . of course , individual airlines may establish their own , more prohibitive policies if they wish . we have been selling this product for approximately 3 years and have encountered only 2-3 reports of individual airline prohibitions -- all of which have been on united airline flights . we are confident that this product meets the faa standards based on us dot regulations ( 49 cfr , sec . 175.10 ) . thank you very much for your feedback . most gratefully , customer service team the green giraffe 
no , it is a lithium battery . 
the height of the unit i have is 25 1 8 inches . 
its less than 47 '' straight across . 
my tv is larger than that and it fits perfectly . nothing `` hangs '' over the side . 
the leaded glass just looks really nice on this unit . we have our cable box inside the glass which works great . very happy with the look and price of this console . 
the oak and leaded glass corner tv stand is made of solid wood . the assembly is a breeze and it looks beautiful . 
no . have not had any problems . 
there is an opening in the back for cords . otherwise it is fully enclosed . 
i have this console and the one i have measures 25-inches high . steve 
i ordered the leick riley hollliday 47 in . stand . it measures 46 inches wide . thanks , steve 
push in on the corner of the door and it pops open . it is a great looking piece of furniture . we are loving ours . m 
no adjusting lever that i see . it has to set on an even floor and the readings are digital and it states your weight in an audible clear voice . i like it and have had no trouble with it . 
300 lbs . 
yes 
yes , there is a button on the back so you can set it for the measurement you want . 
no memory function . sorry 
it only takes a few seconds once on the scale . it seems it does n't start calculating weight until it can detect that there is no longer a change a weight distribution as you move from floor to scale ( i experimented a little for this question ) . i hope this helps . 
no 
330 lbs 
13 in wide 11 3 4 in long 
yes on the bottom of the scale is an optional button 
lowest point is 14 inches . tallest point is 19 inches 
it is a great quality . i am very happy with it . my 4 year old can jump on it and my 210 lb . husband can sit and relax on it . i definitely recommend . 
i have no idea ... never paid attention to stuff like that 
hey robin ... not quite sure about your question , but from what i gather , the chaise i got is a light sage to almost lime green , definitely not the aqua family of green in milan as pictured . hope this helps ... 
32 '' high , 26.5 wide and about 61 '' long 
about 17 inches 
we received these chairs over a year ago and i no longer have the packing information . i look on the bottom of one of the chairs and there is no weight capacity listed . these chairs are sturdy and very much like the folding chairs you might find in a church building or a school . 
yes . 
mine holds at least 200 lbs . with no visible strain on the chair . actually , i responded to this question in part to recommend the chairs because i 've never sat in a more comfortable folding chair . i think anyone would be pleased with this surprisingly sturdy set . 
about sixteen and one-half inches from floor to the side of the chair seat . 
37.5 x 18.5 x 3.5. these are great chairs ( and table ) . 
not sure , did n't keep it as it was n't very good quality ! ! 
they are flat .it is a good buy 
yes it is . 
it is just open drawers , but my wife loves hers . very sturdy and very expensive looking 
hi alan , these are quite lightweight , not the heavy type at all . the backs of the handles show the reverse 'press ' of the front , which diminishes the looks a bit , in my opinion . i hope this helps - 
it 's 18 0 , so will tend to discolor and rust a bit . get 18 10 stainless for the best rust resistance 
it does feel slightly heavy when held . does n't feel or look like plastic . 
this flatware is fairly wide , pleasant in appearance and is decent for the price . it could be a little heavier ( for my taste ) but it works ! 
they were a gift , so i never viewed them in person , as i had them delivered directly to recipient . 
no , it 's made in china . 
a few got spots on them after the very first wash. but the rest of them are fine and i 've been washing them for months . so it 's hit or miss . 
yes . these are n't flimsy in any way . 
far too light for practical use . i actually pulled mine out of the drawer and gave them to my granddaughter to make wind chimes and play with in her tea sets . 
i do n't recall . i can attest to the fact that they are great quality silverware ! they are a nice thickness and weight , and they do well as everyday silverware . hope this helps ! 
truthfully 15 inches would probably be tight . both the lid for the coffer and water are top loading . i believe cuisinart makes a front loader for the coffee but once again the water is top loading . 
very easy . the part where the coffee ends up has a little handle on it that you can lift the entire unit out and just dump . it almost looks like a little bucket so it 's very easy to dump any leftover coffee and rinse it out . 
do n't just rinse , use either a coffee maker cleaner , or as we do , run a cycle with white vinager and water ( no filter ) . it cleans the scale and oil build up . 
what i noticed on mine is that there is a spring loaded lip on back of the machine that is meant to divert leaks of water from the join on the lead to the drip area . this water is to be routed back but instead leaks to where the warmers are and when full leaks out of the machine 
this is an awesome machine . it brews very hot . just make sure you leave your keep hot setting on for however long you will be wanting coffee . i have mine set for 2 hrs which is generally how long it takes us to finish the pot . 
ok , i have the fix . the problem is the lever under the diverter does not get pushed back far enough . the protrusion on the rear of the reservoir only pushes to the horizontal , which lets the water from condensation drip backwards , underneath . i got a teeny screwdriver ( a paper clip might work ) got it red hot and pressed it into the lever several times until it burned a hole through it . next i got a teensy screw and screwed it into the hole , leaving 1 4 '' sticking out . now when you place the reservoir into the coffee pot it will push the lever back an extra 1 4 '' which levers the water diverter down more at an angle so the water can run down it properly . i still get a few drips down in the heating element but that 's better than the fill up i used to get.. ( original answer ) the only way to get the water out is tip the whole thing into the sink . ours fills up and will leak onto the counter after just a few says if we do n't do this . the problem is a poor design in the diverter that is supposed to send the condensation back into the carafe , but does n't . 
if it is new i would return it . 
no you do n't use a carafe with this coffee maker you just push that rectangle button with your coffee cup or travel mug and fill it up that way , the coffee stays hot inside the machine for up to 4 hours , the coffee does n't scorch or get burnt , there is a hot plate inside , the coffee brews into a bucket and dispenses from that push button , if you want to take the bucket out and fill a carafe for company you could do that ! i use coffee cups ! 
mine did the same thing . looks like they have a design flaw . i went with cuisinart . 
because it is leaking . i had the same problem and called hamilton beach and they are sending me a new unit . had a choice of whether to wait until the end of the month when they will have a new improved one of the same model or a different model . i chose to go for a different model . all i had to pay is $ 13.00 for shipping . 
the orange plastic tab on the side is slid to one side or the other ( i do n't have the thing right in front of me at work ) but the plastic tab on the side of the picture , you slide it 
aw , sorry to read that mary . without being there , i would not really know what the solution is . 
i have no idea . i returned this juicer because it was very flimsy . i needed a sturdier one . 
i have no idea . i returned that juicer ! 
the top is 1.25 '' and the bottom is 1 '' 
i use a chart i found on online , but it is in inches . perhaps you can convert them to mm ? stopper size bottom diameter ( inches ) top diameter ( inches ) avg . diameter ( inches ) # 2 5 8 3 4 11 16 # 3 11 16 7 8 13 16 # 5.5 15 16 1-1 16 1 # 6 7 8 1-1 4 1-1 8 # 6.5 1 1-1 2 1-1 4 # 7 1-3 16 1-7 16 1-5 16 # 7.5 1-1 4 1-1 2 1-3 8 # 8 1-5 16 1-9 16 1-7 16 # 8.5 1-7 16 1-11 16 1-9 16 # 9.5 1-1 2 1-3 4 1-5 8 # 10 1-11 16 1-15 16 1-13 16 # 10.5 1-13 16 2-1 16 1-15 16 # 11 1-15 16 2-3 16 2-1 16 # 11.5 2 2-1 2 2-1 4 # 00 stopper fits and plugs the airlock hole in a drilled stopper so it can be used as a solid stopper # 2 stopper fits standard wine bottle opening # 6 stopper fits wine making and beer brewing industry and 1 gallon jugs # 6.5 stopper fits standard 6 gallon glass carboys # 7 stopper fits standard 3 , 5 , and 6.5 gallon glass carboys # 10 stopper fits standard 3 , 5 , and 6 gallon plastic carboys # 11 stopper fits demi johns ( 14.25 gallon glass carboys ) # 11.5 stopper fits most oak barrels 
it is a little bigger than 5 8 inch an a little smaller than 1 cm in diameter , maybe 8 10 of 1 centimeter . i use them to fit an airlock for making vinegar . i have different sizes # 6 , 7 , and 11 and the center holes are all the same size . there is a little give so it will stretch a little if you need to jam something into the hole . 
i am not 100 % i think it should . i 've only used them on 1gal jugs . 
i love these stoppers for bottles like gallon milk or wine jugs , or large juice bottles . seems to me you could drill using any drill or cutter whose diameter does n't exceed the big end of the stopper . however i fear the thin hole edge might damage the stopper with use . instead , for veggies i would use mason jar fermentation lids available here on amazon . these stoppers can be used with them if need be , but those lids often come as complete kits . 
i use carlo rossi jugs and these are actually a bit too large ; i have to shave them a bit so they do n't pop out . you could either go with a # 7 and shave it down or fit one at a local big box hardware store . 
it is a rubber stopper with a hole through the center . as long as the lid you are using has a hole that the stopper can fit into without going all the way through i would imagine it would work . 
the top bottom radius sizes just mean that the stopper is wider at the top than at the bottom ( it has a bevel ) . i use mine in 1-gallon glass jugs that i brew beer in and they work great . 
yes 
the organizer is about 1 foot high , 10 '' deep and 5 '' wide . 
10 x 5 x 11 inches 
i have had 8oz 10oz & 12oz placed in it 
it 's two separate pieces 
i know i bought this thing weeks ago but it is for my new office which i plan to move into saturday . i will save your request and get back to you come monday or tuesday . hang on ! 
3 1 8 inches 
i liked very much and i would recommend the purchase of this product . 
12 x 12 
i do n't know for sure but they 're about the size of the carton that cherry tomatoes come in at the store so maybe 15 ? these are the same size as those green plastic containers strawberries used to come in . one apple fits into it . 
this pack contains baskets of a single size -- 4 '' x4 '' . the seller may offer larger baskets through another listing , but with this item , you only get the one size ( holds about a pint of wild blueberries , if i recall correctly ) . good luck ! 
they are about 3 or 4 inches tall . size of a standard strawberry basket from the grocery store . 
just 10 . 
no they are paper pulp ... like those non-styrofoam egg cartons are made out of . they are very sturdy and great looking . 
hi ! these are pints ... 
slightly muddy , but still pretty turquoise . 
each order is ten 
it can hold 78oz 
no , the lid does not close off the spout , however , it is not a very large opening . 
i think it 's about 80 oz 
the time it takes depends a great deal on the room temp as well as the thickness of what you 're thawing . maybe this will help some to know that in my 73 degree house it takes about an hr to 1 1 2 hrs for me to thaw a one pound package of ground beef . depending on the shape ( block or rectangle ) it may take less than that to thaw . thick boneless chicken breasts removed from the styrofoam tray but covered in plastic wrap , takes a couple of hours to thaw for me . naturally the thicker the frozen food package the longer it takes to thaw but still cuts the thawing time at least in half . faster and safer than thawing food left on the countertop for hours and hours . 
no , hot water is not needed . i just put the thawing plate on the counter and place the meat on it . after some time , depending on what i am thawing , i turn the meat over . amazing how the plate works but it really does . 
it does n't matter , it does n't work . 1.5 hours to thaw a thin 7 oz chicken breast . 
it is 12 x 6 
you absolutely can make it crunchy . in fact , we made it too crunchy the last time ( if there is such a thing ) . as for cleaning , we give it a good soak and scrub it clean . it says you can put it in the dishwasher , but it is n't necessarily recommended . 
long as it 's not an induction style cook surface . then you would need a metal diffuser between the bowl and stove . 
no . it comes with a trivet . 
yes . it 's a good size for a rice , veg and protein meal . 
yes , yes . i use it on the electric cooktop myself , of course at the beginning on low and when it starts to heat and cook on higher , but this is something you have to do with all stone or clay pots . it`s great . i don`t want to miss it . i have three of them . see also the : kyoto maple 9-3 4-inch donabe japanese hot pot and the kotobuki 190-803 earthenware rice cooker , matte black . they are the best things i ever had in my kitchen . best wishes adriana 
you do n't need a lid when you heat the stone bowl on the stove . 
it is glazed so it 's not the same texture as terra cotta pot would be . i got the large bowls and they are a good good to larger sized portion for a hungry adult . do n't have them handy now or it would provide actual capacity . i would guess 3 cups . 
i am sure they have . i use the bcd soon tofu starter . in that case 5 oz . of water are put into the bowl , and it is slowly heated per bowl instruction . once the water is to boiling , the sauce is added , and then other ingredients of your choice . the temperature can be raised to whatever you desire as long as there is a warmup period . for this recipe i then add the very soft tofu , and let the mix really heat up . the final is to break the egg into the soup and let it cook . then it can be served . so everything can be cooked in the bowl if you start with something in it and start the heating low . i have not done any dolsot bibimbap in it yet . they give simple directions about lightly oiling the bowl and heating it properly . it is great for the soon toful 
no 
only one ... but well worth it . i bought two and wish i 'd bought four . high quality dolsots ! i went to korea in march and these things are as good as what i saw there at some restaurants ! 
its 6 racks that can hold 72 bottles . lightweight and easy to assemble , but a bit shoddy on quality . we glued ours together with gorilla glue . 
yes it does , but not the magnum size 
each of the tiers stands 6 '' tall . i have 6 tiers , which stands 33.25 '' tall , given that you lose some of the height where the pieces interconnect . 
depends on the situation . definitely stackable but i 'd probably strap these to the wall if i doubled down . strapping similar to a water heater would work and would n't cost much . drink more save less ? ? ? ? just sayin ( i mean kidding ) . definitely ok to stack but if the value of the wine is high a little strapping would go a long ways . 
we do not have additional shelves available to add to this item , but we do have a 120 bottle wine rack . i have attached a link to the listing for this item here . http : www.amazon.com gp product b00aki2kw8 
the side pieces have grooves into which the longitudinal pieces are fit . it 's kind of like lincoln logs , no fasteners or tools used . 
the first time , just grind a cup of rice and discard it . wash the grinder with soap and water well after that and use for your regular use . it should be fine then . if it still persists , write to the vendor . 
no it does not tilt . 
this is converted to 110 colts us and has a us power plug 
yes i think so , its for 1 year 
i am not sure if this will work with chocolate . and the machine gets hot if it runs for too long or is worked too hard . the tasks i use it for are done in 20 min 
yes there is a kneading attachment that is included ... we use it for that purpose also and it comes out well 
if you put enough water , it does n't heat up for 2 hours .. 
ultra dura+ is not made to grind meat . we do not know anyone who has used it for meat . 
it depends on the amount of rice and water added . but its pretty good speed . 
two to 3 times , you will get that smell . its not an issue and it is due to new coils inside grinder . 
actually the hole is not there to let steam escape , but rather to let air in . you 've probably had the lid of a pan ( or slow cooker ) get `` stuck '' after you heat the food , then let the pan cool with the lid on . the lid gets stuck because a partial vacuum forms in the pan as it cools . when there 's a hole in the lid , a partial vacuum ca n't form because the hole let 's a small amount of air in . because the air pressure is the same on each side of the lid , it wo n't get stuck . 
4-6 people . i can fix a 3lb roast in it easily . the stew i fixed a couple weeks ago fed 6 . 
the handle , lid knob and feet on bottom are plastic ... i 've had no problem with with too hot to handle or melting . the stoneware , glass lid and metal outside skin all get very hot on high , but we use weekly and have never had a bad burn . hope this helps some . john 
it is oval shaped ... outside length is about 11 1 2 '' , inside length is about 8 1 2 '' ... outside width is about 8 1 2 '' , inside width is about 7 '' ... outside pot height with lid is about 9 '' ... inside depth is about 5 '' . i hope this helps . 
oval 
nope ... 
the inside of the pot is 4 inches high from bottom to top of cooking area . the oval is 8 1 4 inches long and 6 1 2 inches wide . measurements are taken from the top of oval , not including the lid area . 
no 
no , not automatically . there are `` high '' , `` low '' , and `` keep warm '' settings , but they must be changed manually . 
yes , box indicates : made in china 
48 inches wide by 20 inches deep 
29 1 2 '' from floor to the bottom . the panel is another 1 2 '' , so it 's a total 30 '' to the surface . 
i had the same situation . email me at fishimoment @ yahoo.com and i will email them to you . the company took 10 days to email them to me . 
27 3 4 inches 
no its designed to be on the right unless you want to be creative and make some holes in it 
left hand size of desk ( pictured : where monitor is sitting ) front to back is 47 1 2 '' long and 19 5 8 '' deep . opposit angel right hand side of desk ( as pictured ) is 47 1 2 '' long ( from end of desk back to wall ) : depth is 19 1 2 '' . hope this helps . i have a laptop , a monitor , a printer , a small desk lamp , and a small letter file on the desk top ; not to mention all the paperwork & # 128194 ; 
47.5 '' length 20 '' width 30 '' high ( to desktop ) 60 '' high ( to top of storage space ) 
i 'm sure it could . there are weight restrictions for certain parts of the desk . so a lot would depend on the size and weight of the tv . 
20 inch should do just fine 
no ! oh good heavens , no , especially not the middle . i tempt the gods of every religion , including ones that have n't been thought of yet , by merely having my monitor and many sundry small items on it on a regular basis . a person who knows nothing about woodworking could probably get completely high , like denver , colorado high , chug a fifth of good whiskey , eat a large amount of magic mushrooms , and then bash themselves in the face with a hot iron until they actually saw not just stars and birds and pink elephants and dancing mushrooms ... and they would still put together a more sturdy desk than this thing . it 's good for nothing , do not do it ! 
it 's definitely a towel . it is large enough to use as a wrap , so that may be why it has `` bathrobe '' in the description . i was n't sure what to expect when i ordered it , but it 's now my favorite ( of 6 to 8 large beach towels ) to take to the beach or to the y when i swim . 
yes , i use this for my hot yoga classes and it works wonderfully . i ca n't stand the feeling of microfiber so this alternate is ideal . 
hi there , we sell this product as turkishlux and we are selling a 100 % cotton product . we believe the listing to have a typo , likely due to copy paste error by the creator . you will see the 100 % cotton information on the towel itself as well . 
no i have not tried it . i was just disappointed in its thickness using this on the beach , however if you want a very lightweight towel this would fit the bill . i do n't intend to reorder it but it was a good one for my family to transport to a foreign destination as it took up little luggage space . 
aqua . very pretty 
home distillers pretty much all work the same way , just the mechanism setup is different . i could n't find a home distiller with `` 2 phase heating process , '' i did find the term in industrial distilling 
usage is = wattage 800 watts , current draw ( 120v ) 6.9 amps , this is like having 8 - 100 watt light bulbs on . or running a small air conditioner - window unit . the actual cost varies to what it cost in your neighborhood for a kwh ( kilo watt hour ) typically it might be 8 cents -- so running the unit for three hours to make a batch - would cost 24 cents per batch 
in the bottom of the boiling chamber . you have to clean the boiling chamber because it will leave deposits . makes you feel good that all that crud is not going into your body . 
yes , i have used vinegar for cleaning chamber crud . i pour a gallon of vinegar into the chamber and let it sit overnight . next day , pour vinegar back in gallon jug to reuse again . works like a charm . i 've used the same gallon for maybe 5 cleanings and it still works well . 
it is the latest version and either made in '13 or '14 . keep in mind the warranty starts when you purchase the machine , not when it is made . 
the installtion is not difficult at all . in fact the only thing you need to do is take out the packaging and plug in the power cord into the outlet . here 's the link and hope it will help . http : youtu.be e-0hwvbevdq 
covers the distiller itself . not filters , filter cup or jar . if there is an issue you can contact the manufacturer support line . 
the only thing you need is the filter replaced in every 3 months and use vinegar to clean the boiling chamber in a week or so if you are a heavy user like i am . it 's designed as a counter top or plug and play . just find an even surface and a power outlet , plug it in and that 's it . i found that the best cleaner for the boiling chamber is vinegar . it is environmentally friendly also . fill it up with it , let it sit for 2 days and rinse it a few times . also if your water is heavy with calcium you may need some extra hand cleaning just to help to wipe off the already softened scale . 
hello : when you say corrosion , what do you mean ? corrosion is usually rust and flaking away due to the rust . therefore , corrosion is different from coloration . are you having coloration or corrosion ? depending on what type of water you are putting into the device , there may be different impurities and minerals in it . as the water evaporates , the minerals are left behind and may cause coloration because of the minerals . because water evaporates from the top , the top of the container will be the hottest because water sits in the bottom . the hottest heat at the top of the container may `` bake '' the impurities onto the sides of the container causing coloration and not corrosion . i noticed some coloration which went away . i use purified water in my device to make it purer and to restructure the water and erase any residual signatures via the evaporation . hope this helps . keep using it and you may notice it go away . also , make sure you are filling it to below the water line and not above it . 
it 's made out of stainless steel . that is far as i know . 
only in a microwave oven . wrap a damp paper towel around tortillas . heat for about 30 seconds . 
inside diameter is 9 '' . inside depth is 2 1 4 `` . 
10 in . outside , 9 in . inside , good for pancakes too 
before i purchased this press , i did a lot of research . i checked out the metal ones , and even the heavy self headed presses one would find in the food service industry . this is the one that was recommended by cook 's illustrated and the one i purchased . the build is very sturdy , the wood is nice , in color and finish , and the metal parts like the hinges are brass , so you can leave it out like a small piece of furniture . we have made many tortilla shells , corn and wheat flour , using this press . the best way to use this press is to take plastic film wrap , like saran wrap , and place it on the top and bottom wood platens to keep the tortilla dough from contacting and sticking to the wood . you just need to exert modest pressure . once you remove the shell , place it in a lightly oiled pan , i use cast iron , and cook it until there are brown spots on each side ( after turning the shell ) . the shells you make using this are so much better than what you buy in the store , there is really a difference in taste and texture . my favorite is a 50 50 mix of wheat and corn flour . 
absolutely . after mixing the flour with the wet ingredients it should rest if possible for 15 min approx . this allows the flour to absorb all the moisture and that makes it less sticky to press . i use heavy plastic ( cut from freezer baggies ) on both sides and just peel off and toss on hot cast iron flat pan . every dough i have tried comes out great . 
yes , work a great 
maximum tortilla size is 7 3 4 inches on mine , and the top is a star pattern created by six diamond shaped mesquite inlays glued to a respectable 1 1 2 inch block of solid mesquite . 
order one and return if it is bad . in my experience , the press is great . 
cooks illustrated said it had an `` ample 8-inch pressing surface . '' and that because of its weight , 12 pounds , pressing was effortless . 
i do n't know . try contacting the manufacturer . 
minimal heat ( not warm to touch ) . since this system is all enclosed , i doubt you could reroute the heat ... 
desiccant systems generally heat the desiccant to dry it out . cool air then travels over the desiccant picking up the heat and dropping off some moisture . this one works that way ; so will clearly operate at 30 degrees . we live in the humid south , and run it on high all the time . it keeps our 12 x 15 bedroom significantly warmer than expected even with the air conditioner running . 
hi ! thank you for your inquiry . this dehumidifier can remove up to 12 pints of moisture a day if set to high ; 7 pints on medium and 4.5 pints on low . the tank capacity is 8.45 pints . if you have any additional questions or concerns , please let us know ! 
i really like this dehumidifier and have it in a semi-basement music studio . it is really quiet . i turn off the unit when i am using the room and i only put it on when it is damp . i think the smell could be too much for a family room unless you only ran the unit when you were not in the room . sometimes it has a smell and sometimes it does n't . i ca n't really figure out why . i wonder if it were run more continuously if the smell would go away . 
yes , very quiet . but it puts out heat , to regenerate the desiccant , so its use is limited in hot , humid weather , eg not for a bedroom . i 'm satisfied with mine . 
hi , unfortunately i do n't know . i returned the dehumidifier after purchasing it because of the terrible smell it gave off . 
it has three small leds that are lit when it is running- it puts out less light than any of my nightlights and less than the `` on '' light on my small stereo . i doubt it would bother you but you can always put some tape over them . 
this machine is very quiet compared to the traditional design for dehumidifiers . not silent , but quiet . 8.45 pints according to the manufacturer . have n't measured it myself . 
mine makes that sound as well . seems to be a normal part of operation . 
i do n't know re . rh but i have about 15 by 30ft . room and it work great in controlling humidity . runs pretty quite also . good quality and stylish design . 
that is very coincidental , we have a 2yr and a 5yr old as well that we bought this set for and it works great and they love it ... 
no , this is made of pressed wood . good for smaller kids under 3. it is pretty small 
great question ... i absolutely love it ... if u find some let me know @ thomas g odrain 
product dimensions : 23.5 x 23.5 x 17.5 inches ; 17.5 pounds 
hand sanitizer works great 
maybe 10-15 lbs 
yes a magic eraser will get anything off the table its got a really great hard clear coating very durable . 
sorry , i missed this question until now . i could not tell you anyway ; it was given as a gift and i do n't have it in my home . take care 
i have ~ $ 600 worth of locomotives in mine . i hung it level and very secure to the wall . nothing moves when i open the front panel to put in more locomotives . it is safe for use when secured tightly to the wall . hope this info helps you . they are great display cases . 
the dimensions are length 38 inches , height 18 inches , 1 3 4 depth , but add another 1 2 inch for the front window . there are six shelves on the unit , all shelves measure 2 1 2 inches between shelves . i have one case with rolling stock in it , most cars fit , double stack intermodels do not fit . the other unit has my norfolk southern heritage units in it . they all fit without any problems . height wise that is , there is n't enough space in it to fit all 30 units . 
not this one . 
dimensions : 18 '' h x 38 '' w x 2.3 '' d weight ( net ) : 15 lbs interior depth : 1 5 8 '' shelf height : 2.5 '' 
37 '' x 19 1 2 '' x 2 3 8 '' 
to the best of my knowledge , they can not be washed . we 've had ours for about 6 mos. , and are about to consider changing . if your do n't have a real serious dust problem , i 'd say 6-7 months would be about the life of this filter . 
i have 3 dogs and totally understand the dusty , believe me ! : ) i have two of these and have had them about 3-4 months now . i can definitely tell some difference in how much dust there is . granted , i still have dust , just less of it . just to see how well they were working , i checked my filters a few days ago ( remember , i have only had these 3-4 months ) and they were jam packed full of dust and were in need of changing . i have new filters on the way ! i will be changing them way more frequently then they suggest , that 's for sure . now , i 'm thinking that maybe if you do n't currently use a purifier , that maybe that because of all the yucky stuff in the air that it 's pulling out for the first time , maybe the first filters should be changed much sooner , and maybe after the initial air cleaning you can go longer between filter changes . at least that 's what i am hoping . we 'll see . i hope this helps with your question ! : ) 
no not that i remember . could have maybe been some sterilizer left over from manufacturing ? hopefully one time event . 
no auto setting . 
no , unfortunately not ... ..it would be nice though ! : ) 
yes it does . 
i think it does well on odors , but my alen 350 does better . this is quieter tho , so i prefer it for my bedroom . have n't tried it on car fumes . 
no~ require one machine which can change 220v into 110v . 
this would be great in the bathroom how ever it would be ideal in a medium to large room . mine works great in a 1515 room . humidity should n't be a problem 
no 
a little . but its good for one cup of coffee . 
yes , the glass is detachable from the metal . 
i 'm sorry i honestly do not know but it less than $ 8 i think just getting the new one is as easy : ) 
no due to iron parts . 
have n't tried that , but we use them in our retail shop and never have had one break . so i just yanked on one as if it was filled with something heavy and it 's still holding ! they 've been great for us ! look good . function well . and great low price ! sometimes if we 're concerned cuz we put something super heavy in one , we suggest the customer carry it in their arms like a baby . hope that helps and happy selling ! ! 
i 'm almost positive it 's twisted . i do n't have them at home to look and be sure . 
it is 4 1 2 inches by 8 inches . perfect for books and smaller purchases . 
no 
okay here are the exact measurements : top to bottom 10 inches side to side 8 inches bottom of bag depth 4 1 2 inches so interior of bag is 4 1 2 across by 8 wide by 10 high ? i hope that makes sense . btw we love these bags very sturdy high quality ! 
bottom of bag reads `` made with 100 % post consumer recycled paper '' and `` usa materials , assembled in mexico '' -- does not have duro name printed on bottom . 
yes you do fill with water . i received a booklet of instructions . 
i was just using my dish tonight ( love it , by the way ) . i guess you could put a glass bowl in . i just tried putting in my second largest pyrex stacking bowl and it fit with room to spare . the half inch of extra space might impact the heating ability , though . the largest pyrex bowl was too big . 
yes it is deep enough to handle toothpicked food . : - ) 
yes , i suppose you could when serving a small group . the removable dish is not very heavy gauge stainless steel . 
sorry , i gave it as a gift . it is a keep warm thing not a cooker . 
yes you do . 
12 '' across 
no 
100w 
i have not put it in the oven but i would think it would be ok. it is a pretty light weight stainless steel . 
sure . we even include a pair of free wall mounting brackets with the unit . 
yes . select one 9000 btu indoor unit for the bedroom and a 12000 btu indoor unit for the sun room . on a dual system for best matching . 
line length is 50 ' max . warranty and all tech details accessible at www.highseer.com under information library tab . 
16 seer is the efficiency for this model . efficiency is same as any single 16 seer unit . actually all that depends on how you utilize them , your climate , and a thousand other factors . 
208-230v , 1 phase , 60 hertz ( 2 hot lines ) . 11.4 amp mca , 15 amp max breaker . 
requires a 220v circuit with max of 20 amps 
everything is available in stock . 
one year if installed by an hvac technician . no warantee if done by yourself . it will cost you as much to install as the unit itself ! the lines ***must ! ! ! ! **** be leack checked and evacuated ( $ 160.00 ) for propper functioning . if not , the unit wont last you a month ! ... you can take that to the bank . i installed it myself ( new construction ) . with the money i saves on install , i can purchase another one if it were to break down . 
all manuals are available at www.highseer.com - click the indormation library button . 
no but is much easier . for condensate drain , worst case situation you would have to install a condensate drain pump that can be install along the line to pump the condensate water out 
are you asking about the total weight of this cockpit or just the seat ( apart from the rest of the framework ) . the total weight of this cockpit is around 120 lbs . the seat itself probably weighs around 30 lbs or so . hope this helps . 
no 
volair sim does not include any gaming hardware computer only seat and frame for monitors controllers . 
this does n't include any flight controls and accessories , i 'm not sure if you could mount your precision cirrus ii on the volair sim . 
there is a pretty good range of adjustability as the entire cockpit `` stretches '' and also obviously the seat slides forward and aft . we generally specify the range to be from 48 '' to 80 '' in height with some adjustments to the avionics table . 
up to 30 '' ( must be vesa compatible - 4-bolt patten on back ) . you enable a setting in the graphics card configuration that `` spreads '' the desktop onto the 3 monitors and corrects for the bezel width . 
i keep the sim in a small bedroom in the basement 8 x 10 feet , the unit itself only needs 5x5 .hope that helps . 
that 's correct . the side arms are removable . 
i do n't know . i doubt it but you would need to make contact with volair sim directly ... . 
hello , obviously the distance will vary as you slide the seat forward aft but the average distance is 32 '' ( seat in middle position ) . 
hello yes it is charred on the inside , and no it did not ocome with jam on it . i also have 1 that i got personalized with my name on it . i poured in some clear vodka and let it set for about 5 months and it was great . had a lite oak flavor . the barrel also come with a cleaning keep just in case you wanted to store it away . 
yes it does , i 'd go for a darker toast or char though 
hello lauren b. thanks for your interest . i am blue ridge mountain spirits . do not get me confused please with the others . my barrels are top quality as i hope you read . there is a additional cost for engraving . you would have to contact me directly because i ca n't offer it on the amazon ad . plus , i want to be sure that i can get your engraving on and make it look great . if it will not look good , i will not take the order . engraving is anywhere from $ 19.99 to $ 24.99 . i can be contacted here in georgia at 404.8227512. thanks , papa rudy 
they are raw because if they are varnished i can not do engraving or artwork . i do varnish them for a small upcharge . if that is what you need you will have to contact me before ordering . 404.8227512 thank you for your interest . papa rudy 
yes 
john , call me at 4048227512 here in georgia . i am in a building with bad reception . thanks , papa rudy 
i 'm sorry . there is no option on the sale page . that 's because many times what the customer wants engraved will not fit on the barrel head . if you call me at 404.8227512 here in georgia , i can explain and possibly help you . thanks -- -papa rudy 
hello mommyd & g . it can be engraved but there will be an additional charge . also please note that the barrel size limits the amount and type of engraving . i can either list a barrel with engraving which would be an additional $ 19.99 or i can take your order via the phone . i need , however , to know what you want engraved . it obviously involves some customizing and time . thanks for your inquiry and let me know if you want me to call . thanks , papa rudy 
yes it is ! 
yes , the barrel is re-useable . i am on my 3rd batch right now . the first was scotch and came out ok. the second batch , in the same barrel , was tequila and it came out great . third batch is also tequila . 
yes . but you would have to contact me before you order . i need to see if what you want can be done . in georgia-404.8227512 
thanks for your interest . barrels are hand made so sizes may vary slightly . usually around 6.5 '' long , 5 , 5.5 '' wide at the belly and the head is about 6 '' across . again these are approximations . the stsnd adds about 1* when the barrel is on it . thanks for your inquiry and you may want to check out the `` special '' 2 liter barrel with crown royal logo i just listed . papa rudu 
i not 100 % positive , but i think not . when i rinsed mine out , what little debris came out seemed not to be black , but the same color as the outside . 
yes . dark toast . the company is in ky but it is made in mexico and so not excellent on quality- but does it hold my booze nicely ? yes . it quickly turned it amber and has a decent taste . that will change with use . 
yes it dose dispense through the spigot on the front . 
i meant no char at all . barrel adds no flavor . 
mine sure did n't ! 
standard package is with 3 x 12000 btu indoor units . you can customize . 
it is a heat pump . 
no . you could use a 4 zone and attach 2 x 018 plus one 12k unit to it max , total 3 units , leave 4th circuit empty . 
you should n't need either a plumber or electrician . a qualified hvac service technician will be able to install it and get the system working fine . 
mix and match total = 36000 
i do n't understand the question . from what i understand the triple units are only configured one way.this probably does n't answer your question but it is the best i can do . 
i do n't have the exact measurements tonight but its about 30 w x 24 h x 12 deep and canot be any closer than about 15 inches from wall at rear and sides and make sure you have plenty of room in front too . these are only rough measurements , call distributor `` parker davis '' in florida for more accurate measurements . 
hi , it 's been a while since i bought this so i do n't have the original paperwork that may possibly answer this question . however , i will say that i always use the spray-on waterproofing before i do a 2-5 day camping trip . have n't had an issue yet doing this to combat the fl summer rains . 
i do n't know ... it looks like a sunglass shami 
i bought 2 but none of my sleeping bags fit . my large colmen sleeping bags do n't fit . it only went half way in before it was full . http : www.amazon.com coleman-sabine-large-cold-weather-sleeping dp b003640kd4 ref=sr_1_24 ? s=sporting-goods & ie=utf8 & qid=1364786881 & sr=1-24 & keywords=sleeping+bag looks lit it would fit my children 's sleeping bags . maybe a adult mummy bag . 
i have never had a problem with the water temperature changing . although i would n't classify it as `` cold '' , it certainly stays very comfortable . i 've never tried it for lower back pain . 
i do n't know , my sister let me use her pillow at first but could n't find her funnel so my husband just filled it using a measuring cup , worked great . i loved the pillow so i ordered my own . maybe you can get ahold of the company and they can send one to you ? 
the original directions i read said once a year , however i am sure one could change the water more often if so inclined . 
yes , i have washed all of our chiroflow pillows and does n't hurt them at all . 
pillow fits perfectly in a queen pillow case . 
yes 
what i notice about this one versus mu first original they did note in the details . this one has a nicer thicker cover that is much better and i ca n't feel the ccld water transfer thru like the old one did . if my arm hand wanted to be under the old pillow it was too cold to be comfortable . the bottom side was n't as thick . says they added a thermal protection and even though i did n't know it because i was deyeind i had to have that pillow again i realize now that it 's so much better . i like the quality upgrades . both those items were only two issues i remember with my old one . not issues to prevent me from buying the standard if that was only option . best help for my neck and back ! i love the new upgrades ! ! ! ! ! 
i had never smelled any plastic odor . love my pillow . finally a full night 's sleep ! 
i would imagine the static between the husks and the plastic pouch would make that very difficult and messy . remember that the trick with this pillow is to be dense enough to support your head in a way that it is aligned with your spine ( specially for side-sleepers ) . that usually requires adding or removing water , then trying it and observing the alignment of your spine . 
michelle , the pillow actually changes in density or loft . if someone prefers only minimal support they use the lower recommended amount of water to fill the inner pouch . if they prefer a bit more support , as did i , they would use more water . the more water , the firmer the pillow gets and this added volume of water gives it a bit more loft or height . picture a zip-lock baggie : with no or little water it will be flat . with water added it will fill the bag and be `` higher '' . the interesting thing is that the pillow conforms to your head and neck . if someone is petite and with a normal build the less firm filling range may be enough . if someone is larger or has broader shoulders or requires a bit more support they just add a bit more water . the pillow cradles the neck . i love it . and still no pain ! 
hopefully you read my review . i can not say anything about the led 's since this unit was delivered defective from the seller and even though professionally installed , it has not run at all and the manufacturer will not honor the warranty . must advise you to not purchase this unit or deal with either of the main sellers , hiseer or parke-davis . repeat , there is no service on the warranty . you will be on your own . 
1 year full parts , 3 years compressor . pls see details at highseer.com ( select information library button ) . 
sure . that is ok. max difference should be less than 15 feet . 
this was installed by my son at his house . i believe it came pre-charged with refrigerant . you 'll either need professional installation or at least be reasonably familiar with these systems . i advise against trying it yourself without a reasonable level of `` know-how '' . 
we have n't used it in the summer enough to know if it will defrost on it 's own . the first unit we had leaked and frosted up and did n't work well at all . this new unit did n't come until fall so we will find out how well it handles our hot summers ( 100+ ) . however , we have been very impressed with how well it has heated throughout our winter . our lowest outdoor temperatures this winter have been in the single digits for a week at a time - warming into the upper teens , yet we were still able to keep the office heated to 68-70. it did n't raise the temperature as fast at these low outdoor temps , but once it got up to temperature , it still maintained them . my husband kept the office set for 59 overnight , turned it up to 70 at 6:00am and it was in the mid 60 's by 8:00 when he went up to work . at current temperatures ( around 30-35 ) it is warming the office in less than an hour up to 70. the office is in our garage , the walls are insulated and has new efficient windows . the office is 12x12 . i hope this is helpful . 
our defrost comes on when we turn it on and then comes on when needed 
no . freight only . goes on a palette . 
why above a window ? mount it on any wall , preferable an external wall . 7-8 ' above floor level . and to of the unit to stay 5-6 '' below the ceiling . 
i only have the main inverter so do n't know . not very happy with it . only cools main area 
both are just different designs of the same product 
yes ! it said you could in the instructions and i have done it ! i love these lids ! 
oven safe up to 500 degrees ! 
columbus ohio 
yes they are oven proof to 400 or 450 , ca n't remember for sure which . also dishwasher and microwave safe . made out of the same stuff as silicone baking pans . 
480 f. i put mine in the dishwasher but have not used them in the oven . 
it does not have freon ( r22 ) in it . it is pre-charged with pureon ( r410a ) . as of 2012 you can not buy units that are charged with freon - they ship them with dry nitrogen and this has to be removed and charged with freon . 
it will work at any temp , but , since it is a heat pump , it transfers enough heat to keep a moderately large room warm , unless you are cold blooded then you will need to add another source : electric base board.. it gets down to below zero here and i have mine in a 10 x 30 room that has a bath and it will maintain a 70 degree temp . also , in the winter , the outside unit runs all the time to transfer heat , but the inside unit does not run all the time , only when the outside unit as accumulated heat in the system , so you will see a bump in your electric bill . as a summer air conditioner , you ca n't beat it . for a single room that has no ducted air handling system , this is still cheaper than adding a separate hvac system . for more information on how heat pumps work , perform a search on the internet . then you will understand why heat pumps have difficulty in real cold outside temps . 
i believe its for de-humidification . drying the air . 
yes . however , the line sets we provide are made of standard refrigeration copper tubes that every installer carry in their service kits . they can easily extend and resize them based on your exact length requirements at the job site and this will probably be cheaper . 
in considering the size ac unit you need , the first thing to look at is the climatic region of the country in which you will use the system . if you are on the same latitude as burlington nc our summer design is approx . 92 deg . f. so it is considered middle of the road for the design of most units . we actually have a high humidity issue occasionally . the next thing to consider is the amount of radiant energy the room is exposed to , which you could call the solar ( sun ) exposure , first the total of perimeter walls in square footage and then the amount of glazing ( window ) square feet , as well as the r value rating of the windows . next is the ceiling height , because with the mini-split units they are installed within 12 inches of the ceiling . to help you get a more practical overview . all these things will help you determine if you can stay with the basic manufacturers room size rating or have to get a little larger unit . watch this video to help you get a better understanding of unit selection : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=fyhcc0dedwa . good luck . dcw 
the unit must remain upright in order to function . you can move it only if you disconnect the lines and disassemble the unit . someone very familiar with a c units will need to do this . the lines must be re-evacuated and a partial charge added to the unit after it is set up again . basically these units should be considered permanent once installed . it will cost $ 300 plus to have it moved . 
no , we were told that it should be fine by our heating and cooling installer . however , if it is a a lit of the fins , it can affect air flow . i would check with your installer to be safe . 
you want 20 amp breaker 12 gauge wire 
highseer.com online marketing division of parker davis hvac international , inc. 2260 nw 102nd place , doral , forida 33172 u.s.a . 
it 's my understanding that any local a c company person can work on this system . as for ordering parts , you can order direct from pioneer . so far , this has been a very efficient and cost effective unit . 
this unit requires a 15 amp , 240v breaker ( join two 15 amp 120v breaker slots to make one 15 amp 240v ) . excellent brand and unit . 
not a feature of this model . 
inverter has a variable speed compressor . regular has a standard compressor . 
yes . 
yes it is very quiet . 
have not received as yet , but be warned , i received a notice of acknowledgement and it was completely wrong . i called immediately to correct and was not able to since i was informed it had already shipped . when i received a copy of the billing statement it had shipped the following day with no correction . called credit card company to refuse the order and they had already been billed ... with a double billing . i will pursue further and in the meantime will tell the local tv consumer 's advocate about the shabby operation of this company . i ordered only 1 with the offer with second one free at $ 19.99 plus s h and taxes ... billed for 2 plus 4 more and s h was outrageous ! beware 
i throw it in my he washer with bleach . that works the best . an he washer has no agitator . i would think a washer with an agitator would still work , but it might set it off balance . 
there 's spray cleaners with bleach . a few spritzes , rinse and you 're set . ( the wash machine does n't cut it ! ) 
what are you kidding me ? really 
it is 17 x 29 x 1 2 . 
i 'd say it is 14 x 30 inches 
it says 29.5 '' x 17.25 '' on the lower right area of the 1st picture 
30x17 
do n't know i just fill my tub part way with a cup of bleach and hot water and i have n't had any problems with it and now hair stuck in it . 
using ammonia is a good way to washing the rug . 
many issues . 36k here is an inverter model . also it is much more expensive to build to be able to reach to that capacity in a limited space . main reason is the economies of scale rule . consider buying 2 sets of 018 models instead . 
no wired thermostats available for this unit . yes , there is an auto mode which will switch over between heat and cool modes as needed . 
you can install a small piece of dark window tinting film behind the lens to reduce the light passing through . although the leds are quite dim . 
sorry , incorrect photo was inserted by amazon . the actual seer rating is 14.5 see the table attached ( one of the pictures ) for more details . 
you have the right adapter . but your hose is wrong . you should have 1 4 '' sae female end at your hose . 
it is 5 16 '' sae ... like most newer r410a systems . if you have 1 4 inch gauge set , you need an adapter . 
5 16 '' sae . older hoses are 1 4 '' , but you can use with an adapter . 
lines have brass flare connectors . btus is rated with 16 ' line set . drop is very insignificant when extended . unit comes precharged ( entirely charges to outdoor unit as shipped ) . 
this model is a single split model . one 36000 btu outdoor unit is matched with one 36000 btu indoor unit . this is not a multi zone system . they are available through our other listings . everything for installation is included . these are very sophisticated systems and require professional installation . 
because auto mode can also do cooling and the fan needs to run in cooling mode always . best option is to select the heat mode in heating season . 
margaret - the cabinet is 35 '' wide x 30 '' tall and 11 3 4 '' deep on the shelves . the top has an overhang , which makes it 13 '' deep . it has a nice solid look and feel to it . be careful putting the screws in to anchor the top . one of the screws came through the top on mine and we had to back it out , leaving a rough spot on the top surface . 
absolutely . they are sturdy enough for me to sit on ( 135 lbs . ) . 
yes , the sides are flush . would look great two together . the actual width is 35 1 4 '' . 
this 2 shelf bookcase is particle board with a cherry veneer as you would expect for the price . i noticed no formaldehyde smell but likely formaldehyde has been used in the particle board . otherwise a good low cost product the final appearance of which depends upon your execution of the assembly instructions . 
it 's that thin cardboardy stuff that you unfold and nail to the back . it does match the wood finish . 
the particle board seems study , but i have n't been able to assemble it by myself . 
yes . it is very sturdy , not to mention good looking . 
item weight 43 pounds product dimensions 13.2 x 35.3 x 29.9 inches item model number 414238 assembled height 29.88 inches assembled length 13.25 inches weight 48.4 pounds 
414238 
i would not use these for that purpose . i do n't think they could support that kind of weight . 
the product dimensions are given on the amazon web page . i measure them as 13 3 8 '' d x 35 5 16 '' w x 30 '' h . 
well , it 's not a solid wood panel . it is sort of a pressboard . however , it looks great and i have n't had any problem with it . 
bottom shelf has 13.25 '' clearance - top shelf 10 '' 
i have not used them for storage bins but i see no reason why you could not put cubed ones on each shelf 
35 inches wide , 13 inches deep , by 30 inches high . i bought 2 and they assembled well . the shelf is a bit tricky , but all in all the unit looks good . 
hi ! i have bought 5 pieces in this color stain and i love it ! it 's about medium with darker accents . i 'm not sure if i would mix this exact style of stain with any other because it is unique . it is easy to assemble and great quality though . i hope this helps ... 
you could , but i would n't be surprised to find that they make a taller bookcase ... probably a better look ... 
i have n't found any problem . they 're very sturdy . actual weight i would n't know , but for the price it 's a very well built bookcase . 
at that price it 's not real wood . it 's some sort of composition board covered with a hard wood-grain plastic , similar to formica . it 's a lot better than particle board covered with vinyl like you might get at walmart . the shelf seems very rigid , so i do n't expect it to sag like plywood or particle board . 
yes , i believe a standard size 3 ring binder would fit on either shelf . i have standard size binders that are cookbooks on each shelf and they fit without a problem . the shelves each have about 11.5 '' clearance = ) 
hello . the dimensions are : w : 47.520 '' x d : 19.449 '' x h : 71.496 '' 
the left side is 68.75 inches high and 26.25 inches wide from bottom of unit to fixed shelf . fixed shelf is 12.25 inches high . the rt side has 2 drawers that measure 20.25 wide and 9 inches high . it is 49 . 75 inches from drawer to top . there is one shelf that is adjustable . hope this helps . it is a cry nice unit . 
100+lbs 
nope - the back is made of that cheesy cardboard like paper stuff that comes folded ... . you nail it in with about three thousand inch long nails . 
there is model 414273 in cinnamon cherry . 
no , i 'm sorry . 
think about a normal size door , it 's a little shorter and a little wider than a door . the exact measurement are 20 '' deep x 47.5 '' wide x 71.5 '' tall it 's enough for a guy as they do n't have as much as girls do , at least most of the guys . hope it helped . 
yes 
26 inches . 
hello . it needs full assembly and comes with step by step instructions made in the usa . 
hey katie , i have this coffee table & love it ! the panels are almost 100 % flat & even . the wood is fairly smooth -- not sanded down & lacquered , but a bit more rustic & natural . hope that helps . 
yes , if sanded first . 
dimensions : 32.3 '' w x 32.3 '' d x 14.6 '' h 
do n't waste your money they are cheap pieces of hong kong crap 
i do n't have the actual dimensions but man its perfect and accurate . its just a lil bit bigger than a regular zippo . great buy 
yes but sumtimes they give u batteries that seem like they 've been used or dead so buy you 're own . 
4 oz . or 1 2 cup ! i love mine , keeps spices i use frequently attached to vertical part of stove ! 
the diameter is 2 3 8 inches and depth is 2 inches . 
they have a snug seal but not a groove for twisting . so , you do twist shimmy the top off , but it 's smooth on the top and bottom . i hope that makes sense ! 
they are 2 and 1 8 '' tall 
there 's no dedicated spot to label , but you can easily put labels or use a sharpie on the lid or side of the canister , depending on where you want to read the contents 
we just write the product name on the top with a sharpie , and if you have creative handwriting you can do whatever on the top its a blank canvas . the labels they give with names of spices are not worth buying . hope this helps 
the colors pictured are the ones included - orange , purple , dark red , green , silver , blue 
we went camping this weekend and the tins were on my stove hood the whole time . spices were fresh when opened . seem to be airtight . i love 'em . 
the title is correct - it is a 6-tin set . sorry for the confusion ! we will have amazon update the listing right away . thanks ! 
no 
it 's reassuringly heavy and sturdy - weighing in at 11.5 lbs 
yes 
we do not make peanut butter . if i were you i would google that question . do n't forget to put the name of this food processer . 
it 's 3 4 hp . 
i really do not know because i bought a bread maker for that . i do know that it has a lot of power . professionals use this machine . you can 'googol ' this question . that is what my husband does before we buy anything . he looks at the reviews . 
yes . 
if you mean free as in if you can remove the bowl , answer is yes you can . if you mean free as in if it is not held tight when mixing will in uses , answer is no it is held tight while you are mixing something . i hope that this is the answer you were looking for . 
13.25 '' x 9.5 '' x 7.5 '' 
the mini glo blows out more heat the the mini mate . thats basically the only difference . size is about the same . thank you and merry christmas 
my girlfriend has one and heats her living room with it ... she did not notice much increase in her electric bill . so i got one for our bedroom and did not notice any jump in our electric bill . it is also relaxing on nights or grey days when you want the 'flame ' lights on but no heat . 
if u are referring to covering of plug . yes that was placed to protect the unit during shipment . if you need more info attach a photo of piece . 
hav had no problems . we use it in our rv . love it ! 
no 
i did not receive one so i do n't think so 
estimated 1.33 a day 
the fan is not that forceful blowing out heat . it does however pack a punch and heats a large master bedroom without a problem at all . i have two fireplaces and they virtually hear the upstairs . my heating costs have dropped bout 20 percent since purchasing them . 
is this run on electricity or is it off a led battery 
yes but poor . the foodsaver bags are much better 
yes , until it wo n't seal . 
those are the ones that work with the machine pump . 
i think there is some confusion in the previous 2 answers - they must have been thinking of a different product ( the quart bags ) . according to the reviews , these do not work with the hand pump . based on the picture this looks correct , because these bags do not have the hole that the pump connects to . you can see the difference if you compare the picture of these with the picture of the quart-sized vacuum bags . 
no , 13 bags . 
the roll is 8 inches wide by 20 feet long . 
yes , we do . we rinse them out and put them in with the regular plastic bag bin . ie . plastic bags form walmart , kmart , etc . 
not certain what you mean by `` customize '' but on my food saver machine i have 2 buttons - one button is a heat and the other button is for the vacuum function -- what you do is cut off a bit over what you want the bag size to be - say if you want a 12 inch long bag i would cut it at about 13 inches - you use only the heat button to seal one end of the cut off section and then you place the item you want to vacuum seal inside the bag you have just created then you put the other end ( still open ) in the machine and hit the vacuum button - this will vacuum out the air and then the heat button will seal the edge . after a bit of use i can just `` eye '' how much i need for the product i want to vacuum seal in the product . 
hi i 've used other vacuum bags when i wanted to rewrap cheeses and meats that i received from friends with different machines . i assume that would apply to the bags you 're asking about . vacuum and heat seal worked good on other bags . i hope that helps . 
i do ! ! most of the time it works , sometimes i redo the edges , but for the most part ok. you have to cut some off , i just put small portions in the used bags . 
the sealer unit measures : 15 3 8 '' long x 6 1 8 '' wide x 3 '' high from counter top . it works great , the trick is , if your going to be doing a lot of sealing at one time to let the heating elements cool down after 3 seals . fan it with a check book cover or the like . hope this helps ? 
the voltage setting of this very good sealer is 115 to 125 vac , the standard in the usa ! i hope this helps you ! thanks ! randy b . 
i have to agree - i have n't found any containers that use this hose fitting and therefore have not used this attachment yet . 
only 110 
had the same problem initially . now i press down on the left side first until i hear the click , then press down the right sound until it clicks ... ..have n't had any problems since i learned that trick ! 
in my experience , any vacuum sealer bag will work . 
probably , because it does n't work very good at all ! ! 
yes , you can . 
yes . i sit on the lower bunk until my daughter falls asleep 
this bed has been great for my girls who are 4 , 5 and 7 years old . since i have a problem with the girls jumping on their beds , i was n't happy with the amount of slats ( thought there should have been more ) so i cut a piece of ply board for the top and bottom bunks . the stairs are extremely sturdy and the rails are more than high enough to keep the girls from falling out . 
whatever is standard ... 
no 
no 
you will need 3 twin mattresses for the trundle mattress the one on the bottom you do n't need to get an extremely thick or plush mattress because the space between the lower bed and that is fairly close . hope that helps 
i believe 4 '' is max height if i remember correctly . 
for safety , we do n't recommend more than 200 lbs for the top and 275 lbs . for the bottom . 
yes , the trundle is included . the stairs do not have drawers that pull out , they have doors that come down to open for storage , and they have magnetic locks to hold it shut . 
the bunkie boards are not included . 
yes , there is a filter but this is a unreliable kettle . i bought 5 months ago . when it worked it is okay , not the best . it started leaking and i have to ship it back for a refuns 
probably not that small of an amount . there is a minimum fill line in the window on the side of the pot . i would guess it would take 12 to 16 ounces to safely operate . 
china made & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; i stop use this kettle after few month ( water still smelling like plastic ) ... i recommend search for stainless steel kettle ... 
no the heating element is not exposed . read the reviews about the kettle and investigate well before you buy it . mine broke during the warranty period and was leaking water . i sent it back . 
btw , there are fill markings inside kettle . do n't overfill past the max mark . it boils over impressively if you do ( and that is how i found the fill markings inside the kettle ) . alternatively , you could just read the instructions ... as i had not . 
yes ! it 's made in china , i 've had it for over 6months now and i love it 
none , bottom is smooth stainless steel 
i remember it being somewhat relative and representative to the water inside of it . if boiling , it was extremely hot on the outside . if it was luke warm , it was comfortable to touch . 
it is kind of noisy , yes . not incredibly disruptive , but definitely louder than boiling water on the stove . 
nope - electric . the base plugs in to an outlet and the kettle itself can be removed from the base unit once the water has been heated . hope that helps ! 
it 's 8 '' high by 6 '' wide at the base . the handle adds about 2 more inches to the overall width , so 8 '' wide at the handle . 
it will keep boiling for a bit if you keep the lid closed ; it cools down to a good temp for white tea after a couple minutes . when i fill to the min fill line i get two cups of tea , so it might be about five if you fill to max . 
yes that is a light , and it only stays on when the switch is set to on . 
1000watts 120volts . 60 hz . 
i am not sure why they say not to use under the age of 3. i have this fitted sheet for my daughter , she is 3. they are kind of slick , not really satin but they are not like cotton sheets . i do not see why you could not use them for younger children . i love them and she does too . if you order the pillow cases i have noticed that they come off the pillows really easy because they are so slick . that might be the only concern that i would see . 
the pockets are deep . we have a 12 '' mattress and it fits perfectly . 
yes , it 's just sheets and two pillow cases . 
no . there 's only one minnie mouse on the comforter . i 'm not happy with this set . it 's not very kid friendly . sheets too soft , slips off the bed a lot . the rest of the is just bows . 
yes ! the more you wash and dry ... the softer they get ! 
they are as warm as any other towel 
these towels are not a traditional towel , they are made of finely spun cotton and are more similar to a bed sheet , as in a woven material , then a cotton loop traditional towel . i 've actually started using these towels over my regular bath towels because they are just so soft after only a few washes and dry super fast so they do n't get smelly like a bath towel does . 
they should be 100 % cotton 
absolutely , i use it as a towel , chair cover when grandkids are here , wrap when sitting outside on cooler nights , blanket at the beach . whatever you can think of 
its the size of a small beach town for one person . i would n't picnic on it unless both people plan on sitting , not laying down . 
turkey 
i wash mine in cold water and hang over the shower door to dry . it dries super fast . 
yoga is the only thing i have n't used this towel for ... . yet ... but i would , and know that the comfort and versatility of it will be useful to you . this towel has replaced many things for me ; i can use it for just about anything . good luck to you ! 
they are made in turkey . 
according to the package that i received , they are 100 % cotton . 
i do n't see why not , since they are 100 % cotton -- but i am a clothesline user , so i ca n't speak from experience . 
hi , shipping is free for all of my items . regards 
though it is long and wide enough to fit me ( i 'm 5'4 ) , it is fairly thin and very smooth . on a floor you can expect it to move around quite a bit . ideally , i think it should be used as a pool towel or a throw blanket . it 's very pretty and i enjoy it a lot ! but i do n't think i would recommend it for yoga as much as meditation . i hope this helps : ) 
arlenette , i do n't know if they are made of real turkish cotton , but if you 're asking if the material is absorbent ( as the wonderful old dish towels made of turkish cotton , that used to be available , were ) , the answer is yes . these towels are very nicely absorbent , much as the old turkish cotton dish towels used to be , before synthetic dishtowels became the norm . 
dimensions for angel loveseat : overall dimension : 60 '' l x 35 '' w x 38 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 21 '' 
yes it took less than a hour 
they are wood blocks that screw into the base of it . 
yes , it is firm , yet very comfortable . if assembled according to directions it is a very sturdy and attractive piece of furniture . enjoy ! 
yes , they are upholstered on both sides and can be reversed . 
came in two boxes i believe each box weighed about 40 lbs 
bob , i noticed that amazon.com has this love seat at $ 329.00 which is considerably less than myself . they are in violation of the map policy from sofab , the manufacturer , and i do not have any control on what other sellers sell this love seat for . i do know that sofab will have amazon correct the pricing due this breach in pricing or revoke their privilege as a seller . 
its a glossy set of directions . check the box , it sticks to the side ! i spent a frustrated twenty minutes before the boyfriend found it ! 
i would n't dry it . allow it to air dry or dry on no heat . mine was a very snug fit to the point it almost looked like it was n't going to fit . i would be afraid it would shrink . also , because i did n't get to see it before it was put together , my husband mentioned it had some sort of liner for the inside and that may be some sort of `` protector '' for the cushion inside . washing it may ruin it . idk . it may be easier to get carpet or fabric cleaner and scrub with bristle brush ? 
i believe 350lbs ... very solid construction..made of solid wood frame and is very sturdy when sitting on it . great little couch . 
2.5 quarts . i just measured it . 
i got these as a gift for my daughter . i could ask her if you really want to know but i would not buy them ! they are so thin that when you hold them to wash or mix they dent in . sure the dent often comes out when you release the pressure but i found them unsuitable . 
i am traveling , and will be home next week . i can measure the bowls for you then , but my best guess is that the largest is about 10 '' across , and 8 '' deep . they next , and i use the smallest one for whipping two egg whites for my meringues . the smallest one is 8 '' across and 6 '' deep . 
finished heel is about 4.5 '' . 
just a heel mode 
no it does n't . have styrofoam platform 
there was paper work and the styrofoam drying platform but no heel mold was included in my package 
7year warranty on the motor & a 1year warranty on everything else , if you register the product you get a 2 year warranty . this blender works great , it even will blend an avocado seed , just cut it in half first . and make sure you do n't turn it on while its empty , just use common sense . read the pamphlet first , it 's a powerful blender . good luck . highly recommend it . 
makes great peanut butter . my kids prefer it over skippy ... ... which they loved . 
yes 
yes if you use frozen ingredients . it is more like soft serve . they have great videos on youtube on all the features . 
in my experience , yes ! i add flax seed and frozen fruit to my greens ( spinach , kale and chard ) so it is a thick smoothie , but it blends it up great . 
the closest thing i have made to that is a frozen fruit smoothie and the ice incorporated well . 
mine did . its really a great unit ! you wont be disappointed . just be aware it stands a bit taller than a vitamix blender when fully assembled . 
do n't buy dash . mine caught fire in the kitchen after three months . others had the same experience and the seller would n't back the product . 
according to my sound meter , 80db at 10 ft. it takes 54 sec to do a smoothie . do you want a good smoothie or a quite blender ? 
anything you put in while it is blending cooking will be blended to liquid ... you have to add cut veggies after it is hot ... there is a recipe booklet that tells you how to make different soups 
the height for canisters are as followed starting from tallest and ending with the shortest 12 '' ,9 '' ,7 '' ,5 '' . 
yes 
quite a lot , i usually buy the small boxes ( 5-ish servings ) and i 've never filled it . it could easily hold one of the larger bags of noodles . i had a tight squeeze getting a box of lasagna noodles in but the whole box fit . hope this help ! 
the actual inner opening size is 3 1 16 inches . 
i do n't believe so ! i bought them for a gf for a bday present n she said she loves hers ! n has n't said anything bout rust ! 
mine fit a 1 '' thick shelf . i do n't think they will slide onto 1 1 2 '' without digging in . they work great . 
the divider itself ( once it 's on the shelf ) stands 8 inches tall and 8 inches deep ( from front to back ) so if your shelf is 12 inches deep they probably work quite well . i wanted the divide piles of clothes on a shelf that was closer to 16.5 inches deep and they did n't work as well for the deeper shelf . 
i think that 's a fairly standard thickness . should be fine : ) 
i used them on a 1 inch shelf i 'm afraid it will not work but they are great dividers 
i would say no . the bracket on the bottom is made to slide onto a wooden shelf . 
it 's pretty loose on my shelf , which is about an inch . 
my shelf is about an inch but it 's a loose fit . you might need to add tape or something to hold it . 
marilyn , sorry i ca n't answer as i bought the shelf for my daugher in law in california and left it there . i think it is about 8 inches wide deep if i remember correctly . it is just a heavy wire structure that makes a division on an existing shelf . i do remember that it was n't as deep or tall as i had hoped , so a little disappointed but it did the trick of dividing the space for storage . 
glass is 22 in wide 9.5 in deep the top surface of my glass is 3.125 in above the desk and the glass is 3 8 in thick . the height can be varied somewhat by rotating the legs but i 'm happy with the current height . legs are 1 in diameter and spaced on center 19.75 in and 7.25 
i have 2 of these , and i can confirm that the width ( depth ) is 9.5 '' . 
the inside width between the legs is 18 3 4 '' so your keyboard wo n't fit , but there is a 27 '' version of this shelf that should work just fine for you . here 's the link : http : www.amazon.com monoprice-109435-27-5-inch-9-5-inch-desktop dp b00ajhcrci ref=cm_cr_pr_sims_t 178-1345040-2633023 
that width would be exactly 19.5 inches ! much room for huge laptop . 
yes . i do n't know exactly what an imac weighs , but the unit is very solidly built . i 'd guess its working capacity is somewhere above 50 pounds . you 've got four solid steel cylinders supporting a sheet of 7 16 '' glass . 
yes , it is ! you 'll find it quite simple , even for `` a klutz '' . you will like it . good luck . 
i have it on a glass desk and have no problems with it . you can easily attach felt pads or flat rubber plastic pads to them if you are concerned , which would help with it moving around due to getting bumped . 
i bet the 1.9 '' refers to the shipping height ; that is , the height of the disassembled unit . the actual height is 3.25 '' to 3.75 '' , considering the half inch adjustment in each leg . the clearance under the glass shelf is 2.875 '' to 3.375 '' , again depending on the adjustment of the legs . 
there is just a little over 2 1 2 inches of clearance . almost 2 3 4. you will be fine and i really like this stand . 
the glass is of good quality and thick . yes , weighs 9lbs . but it is far worth it . very nice piece . i will buy another soon . 
it 's for adults . 
the color is black . 
the dimensions of the shipping box for the castlecreek rocking chair , walnut finish are 51 x 8.75 x 27.5 . 
large 11 3 4 '' , med 9 1 2 '' , small 7 3 4 '' - excellent pans and value 
no 
yes that 's the type of stove top i have 
found this info on ebay . `` made in the usa . eco friendly ceramic coating , no ptfe chemicals . completely nonstick . makes natural tasting foods . healthy cooking . environment friendly . '' 
bien 
they were bought as a gift . sorry i cant say . 
the challboard is flexible and bends to fit any surface . i love it ! 
prob not . it 's more of a bendy magnetic surface . the pen that comes with it is more of a paint pen 
hi stephanie k. - the entire black mat is the magnet . one side sticks to the fridge , or metal surface , the other side is chalboard like to write on with the chalk pens . very strong magnet - stays put ! it 's the best menu planner , grocery list , reminder list , etc . highly recommend ! 
12 inches by 16 inches . it can be used `` tall '' or `` wide '' you can also cut it with a knife or scissors to change the size . 
no , i keep the pen in a drawer by the fridge 
based on what 's on the bottom of the unit , it 's 475. seriously , i would n't purchase this product . 
i 'd suggest calling the customer help line . a friend of mine told me last time that she was able to get a replacement only at a shipping rate . good luck ! 
does not work for indian pickles or dishes 
i do n't have a problem with the buttons on my blender . they work just fine . 
manual says : gasket ( part # y-951-33 ) 
yes 
it fits a queen sleeper sofa mattress , which is much thinner than a regular mattress . it will not fit a regular queen size bed mattress . 
dear bluestarsolo , yes you can . it 's very thin ... no padding . it 's not a mattrass pad . 
water proof casing , nylon like materials 
yes they do . i 've tried several of each , my dogs seem to like the home made ( or made by scratch ) better . after using the griddle a few times i 've found it 's easier to pour the treat mixture on a cookie sheet and bake in the oven . then i cut it into 1 '' x1 '' pcs . good luck & have fun & # 128062 ; 
depends on the size of the cookie . we used small cutters and made about 10 - 15 at a time . i think it took about 15 mins . to bake them . 
plenty of recipes on the internet ... . dogs love then all ! 
yes it does have recipes . 
yes , if you cook them long enough and air dry them . my dog loved them - but she is a lab and will eat anything . maybe chewy is a more accurate description . ann 
yes . i have made cheesecake , carrot cake , and chocolate cake in these and never had a leak . the only thing is that it takes a little longer to clean out the tiny grooves . 
i would use a bamboo skewer and run it along the rim . if you ca n't do that , i would let it dry out then tap the pan against a cutting board . any dried batter would fall off . be careful not to bang it too hard or you would misshapen the pan . soaking method could work but all it does is soften the batter and makes it sticky and harder to get out . try it and see if this works . if not , the days might be numbered for your pan . 
yes , the bottoms are removeable . they work just like normal sized springform pans . perfect for making smaller cheesecakes . 
according to the packaging , china . 
i also made cheesecakes in mine . i have a recipe that fills a 9 '' pan . using 1 4 of the ingredients gave me enough to make 2 of this size . 
my pans are 4 '' in diameter , by 1-3 4 '' tall 
for me i used a recipe for a 10 '' mold . and i distributed it in the three 4 '' ones . 
yes , they are 
yes 
around 25min or so . i have done a test and bake for a few different recipes and i have found that my bake time for these little guys is reduced by half . so 25min should do the trick . 
hi , this is an evaporative cooler ; it has a built in circulating fan and pump . it cools by blowing room air over pads that evaporate the water into the air thus cooling the pads and the air flowing over them . the higher the humidity the less effective the unit is . it 's better than nothing but i probably would n't buy it again . regards , merle 
sorry , but no . these will increase the humidity through the evaporation of the water used in cooling . useful only in dry conditions . 
works just as advertised 
perhaps you can go with this model . http : www.mistingfans.com store port-a-cool-cyclone-2000-unit.html 
i have no idea . but i 've been running 2 since the first part of june and the electric bill has gone down a little over the winter bill . hope that helps . de lorme 
yes ! when 1st using give it a few minutes to get started . watch water fill line . use distilled water . when not in use try to move or cover from the elements . i live in az . works well here . 
nothing , the kuulaire is a swamp cooler , it 's just portable . 
china 
the cooler does have honeycombed pads . although the manual says they should last for 3 years mine got moldy and i am having a hard time finding a replacement . the kuulaire site points to another kuulaire company that just sells replacement evaporative media , but they do n't have the right size for the packa43 . i 'm still looking for a replacement . 
it 's radioactive and glows in the dark 
i 've had them about a month and we use them daily ... have n't had any chips yet and it does n't seem like they will , they are pretty heavy duty and much nicer than i even thought they would be . 
yes 
made in china 
yes is good safe 
yes , i love them ! 
thanks , the design is raised . 
this set is dishwasher and microwave safe . 
i do n't think so . the lids do n't lock and the handle is only decorative . they are only for storage or decorative purposes . if you put hats or accessories in them and put them in the car ok , but nothing else . 
the largest box , without the top , is 13-1 2 inches in diameter and 7-3 4 inches high with the top . 
this question was answered earlier by me . hope it helps . 
very tall , about 3 1 2 - 4 feet . i stacked them and tied a pink ribbon all around and gave as a gift for a shower - it was quite impressive at the table ! 
not really . i can get a fedora style hat in the next to large but none of my `` kentucky derby '' style hats will fit . the large one will hold a cowboy style hat . 
yes ! the cake mix or muffin mix will expand and fill the top half . the holes in the top are for overflow . any of your favorites will work ! 
no , you do not bake with sticks in the small holes . the holes are for testing the pops to see if they are done . you simply stick a toothpick in the hole and if it comes out clean , then your pops are done . 
i do not know ... i thought that bpa was in plastics ... sometimes companies will list this since it seems to be the new buzz word ... really should refer to the company to answer this question.. 
not sure but i used the molds for peppermint bark instead of cracking the bark into pieces . 
they are tiny ... ... . they may even be smaller than those really small pretzel sticks . the silicone pan is n't the greatest i 've used either , to be honest ... .. you will have to trim the sides of the balls because it goes all over and there are no instructions that come with the pan , so you have to guesstimate on how much batter to use . i was not impressed at all - sorry ... ... 
350f 
i would say not 
yes it wo n't burn : ) i put mine on a baking pan 
1 1 2 '' -- fun product ! next am going to buy the 'cat ' version . 
i do not know , sorry 
60x80 if it is too large you can trim it down with scissors . 
you could fold it . i think it would be better to roll it . might leave a permanent crease if you fold it . it does not come with a zipper pack . it is nice , but i do n't believe it is quite 2 '' 
i 'm sorry , i really do n't know , but i can assure you it is most comfortable . 
yes they do , easily i might add . the topper leaves about 1 inch around the entire mattress so we do not have to use 'special ' extra-deep pocket sheets . 
it was a gift for an aunt so i have no idea . 
yes it can be folded , it fits a full size mattress 
bought it as a gift , but it think soft , cloth side up . 
no because it has a clothe cover on it . better th order the size you need unless you do n't care about the cloth cover . it 's very comfortable . 
i believe it would fit . it 's thin . 
i was not aware of any odor at any time , not even when it first came out of the package . 
hi , the topper does get warm , but not as warm as the regular memory foam . it helps with pressure points from a mattress that is too firm , but i do n't know about the morning aches and pains . 
it fits on a twin bed exactly - so if the couch seat is as wide as a twin then it should be fine . 
no . it will fit the width , but not the length of twin xl mattress . it will be a few inches short . 
yes ! and quite nice . i have n't taken it off yet , but have opened it . probably some hassle involved in getting it on after you take it off . 
sorry , i have no idea . 
no i think it would be to thin for that 
nothing to worry about . its not actually a gooey gel , its a gel infused memory foam . i 'm not a scientist but my understanding is the gel is mixed with the foam when its made ( i assume ) and the final product is a foam with cooling properties that the gel brings to it . bottom line no goo , no mess , no leak . 
i think i remember reading that it is green , but as a precaution , i opened and laid it out in the sunshine for 6 hours . there is absolutely no odor . i worked in the flooring industry for 30 years and am very familiar with the odor of carpet pad , which is a petroleum based product . also , the cover is bamboo . i am thrilled with the product . 
i think you could fold it in half and roll it ; however i did not try it . 
i believe it was rolled . 
about 16 '' x 13 '' x 24 '' . 
it 's made in china . 
i 'm not quite sure what you mean by adjustable bed frame , but if you 're planning to put this on a bed that `` bends '' ( like a hospital bed or something similar ) , i imagine that it would probably be fine . it is n't rigid so i think it would flex move with the positions ; and it 's heavy enough that it should n't just slide off . that being said , i have mine on a regular mattress ( and regular bed frame ) so i ca n't say for sure . hope that helps ! 
never had it out in the cold , but i do n't think it will harden . 
sorry , not seller . 
thanks for your question ! according to this sellers shipping information they only ship to the continental states of the u.s. ( http : www.amazon.com gp aag details ref=aag_m_fi ? marketplaceid=atvpdkikx0der & iscba= & seller=a3lrdqcj73a2h4 & isamazonfulfilled= & asin= & orderid= # rates ) as a general rule , the quickest way to find out if an item will ship to your address is to add it to your cart . if the item wo n't ship to your address you 'll receive notification as soon as you try to place it in your cart . i 'd recommend adding this item to your cart to be absolutely certain whether or not this will ship to you . do n't worry , you are n't committing to a purchase by doing this . you can always delete the item from your cart if you do n't want to proceed with the purchase . i hope this helps ! 
the rack will hold the 1.5 liter size bottle . i have put a few on the shelves . but i would not put very many as i do not believes the shelves will hold that much weight . 
i do n't know . my husband put it together when i was n't home . it should say in the specs section . 
do you mean fatter as in traditional syrah bottles or large format bottles ? 
it 's a very light beige . had it for a while ... ..not very comfortable . feel like i 'm sliding off all the time 
here are all the current dimensions i have on this chair . please let me know if you need additional information . overall dimensions : 34 '' l x 35 '' w x 36.5 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 22 '' packed dimensions : 33 '' x 30 '' x 18 '' 
yes . 
it also comes in chocolate . 
no , the chair comes in one box and needs to be assembled . there is a video to aid in assembly on the sofab site . please let us know if we can help in any other way . 
it 's a polyester blend . 
here are all the dimensions i have for that chair . dimensions for coco chair : overall dimensions : 34 '' l x 35 '' w x 36.5 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 22 '' packed dimensions : 33 '' x 30 '' x 18 '' 
1.no 2.only from under neath . 
no , its not for canning 
no . 
good question , but i do n't know the answer , it is not mentioned in the user manual , i have been using this type of pressure cook for over 3 years , very safe , no incident ever occured to me . 
korean 
yes brenda , browning feature is available . just use the stainless steel pot and turn on manually . it works like a regular electric stove but if the temperature gets too high , the sensor will turn off the heater and you have to wait a few minutes and turn on the heater again . this is a great electric pressure cooker ! ! 
the extra tank is included in the box , if you want to more , contact the seller . 
it means how long the cooker needs to get to operating pressure . the cooking time is 99 min max . 
yes 
i do n't really know what classifies `` commercial grade '' but these are comparable to the food saver brand bags . hope that helps . 
these do n't specify where they 're made but usually products made in the usa will boldly list that fact . i see the weston commercial rolls also sold here on amazon have labels that do say they 're made in china . that makes me assume these are also made in china . 
yes , i bought them to use with foodsaver . 
it works for foodsaver and it will worl for ziplock as well 
they will work just fine with a seal a meal . 
i guess they could be reused , depending on what was stored in them , you could cut them open and reseal them . i use them mainly to freeze meat . therefore , you would not want to reuse them . i do n't think i would reuse them at all because of bacteria from foods . also they are great quality bags . 
no idea . think i got free shipping with amazon prime ' been awhile back . 
yep- as the others have said , 1 1 4 inches . my method of measuring was to lay something flat over the pie dish so that it covered half of the opening , and then i stood a ruler up on end in the dish and measured how far it was from the bottom of the dish up to the bottom of the flat object . it was exactly 1 1 4 inches . 
the `` 6 '' is to rim to rim and the bottom is almost `` 5 '' . love these pie dishes . 
yes , it 's about half . perfect for 2 people 
yes they are 
it is 1 '' deep . perfect for making a pie or quiche for 2 people . 
90 days after purchase 
thanks for your question ! you can return most new , unopened items sold and fulfilled by amazon.com within 30 days of delivery for a full refund . items should be returned in their original product packaging . more information about returns can be found on our help pages : 
it does , it will switch between the current humidity in the room and the desired humidity . i also have a small $ 10 humidity monitor , and the humidifier and the monitor can vary from 0-10 % . so i am not sure which one is the most accurate . also can depent on where you place the monitor . hope this helps ... cheers 
the width they give is just the width of the desk itself so with the bookshelf included it 's twice the width . the bookshelf and desk are not connected 
the two structures are totally separate so you can put the shelves on the other side of the desk or the other side of the room . i just wish i could get more of the book shelves to add to this . 
yes 
if you are only putting the monitor on it sure but not the monitor and the tower . you would need to reinforce the shelve with `` l '' brackets under each shelf - that 's what i did because i have a lot of books on them and my wireless printer . it 's pretty study though , more than i expected it to be . 
the bottom shelf is just under 14 '' deep but sticks out about 15 '' as it is not up against the wall like the top shelves . the desk shelf sits out about 18 '' from the wall . 
it 's 29.5 '' from the floor to the top of the desk . we do not use it as a desk so i can not speak to how study it is with constant use . 
no . you can not adjust them . 
that was my impression , and i really like this desk , but i need to know the exact dimensions before i buy a product -- i have limited space . 
two . 
look at the item description . 
pillow cases that fit european sized pillows ... 26x26 ... not the standard american pillows 
no , it stops pretty much where it is on the picture . 
i only comes with the three smaller pillows and then with a set of larger silver cases and a set of the larger purple and silver ( match the spread ) . you would have to buy 4 of the larger to fit . this is a beautiful set and very well made . i am very pleased with it . 
i believe i have put it both ways on bottom right left 
no to both . 
it is embroidered . there is texture . the comforter has a snug feeling . you would n't want to get out of bed . 
it will take 5 to 8 business days depending on your location . 
the tags on the set i purchased say china . the set is comfortable and warm . 
it is nice for both summer and winter , but i like it warmer in summer and i use a blanket over it in winter . not heavy though . 
no internal gasket and it does leak after a few uses . i bought the plastic version of it , much better . 
have n't seen any , but really good question . all i have found in the rustic is regular mouth . 
they are made from the same metal a normal mason jar lid is made from just have a rustic finish on them 
yes , they will fit any regular mouth mason jar . 
regular not wide mouth . : ) 
i am not sure but i think that in the us 
i think it should fit . 
yeah i do n't see why not . they wo n't seal like a normal mason jar lid but should be just fine to put on strait out of the oven 
whilst technically this is a machine designed for home use , it shares the same technology and systems as jura commercial machines . you may wish to consider and compare the giga 5 with the jura xj9 professional at $ 3,599 which like all the commercial machines has a larger ( 135oz ) water tank and bean chamber . the giga 5 is perfectly adequate in our opinion for around 1000 cups a month . 
the milk cooler is a separate product packaged in a separate box . however , that said , many merchants are selling the giga 5 as a bundle with cup warmer and milk cooler . you need to check with the seller . the giga 5 base product ships in one box that only includes the machine , welcome pack and the 20oz stainless steel milk container . 
mine is 110 live in usa great machine 
unfortunately we do not ship overseas . sorry for any inconvenience . 
for me , absolutely . yes , it is very expensive , and yes , you can probably get by with a less expensive model by giving up some features , but what sold me is the dual hopper system , so i can mix regular and decaf in 25 % increments depending on the time of day , and of all the machines i have used , this by far makes the hottest coffee cappuccino lattes i have had to date . 
the jura giga 5 comes with a 2-year warranty if ordered from an authorized jura-capresso dealer . 
no . the milk cooler is a separate product packaged in a separate box . however , that said , many merchants are selling the giga 5 as a bundle with cup warmer and milk cooler . you need to check with the seller . the giga 5 base product ships in one box that only includes the machine , welcome pack and the 20oz stainless steel milk container . 
clearyl blue ... ..and if bought online check prices . i have found they can vary widely . 
they do come two to a package . i have found them to be exceptionally good . 
yes - i believe they help keep the filter in place . provide pressure so it fits completely 
no ! you need 2 filters side by side to fill the space in the hw f300a . order part # honeywell 203369 f50f f300 prefilter - 2 pack 
mine came two per pkg . 
the container does taper down , so the dimensions of the trunk itself are 40.6 x 19.7 x 19.7 inches with the bottom inside dimensions being approximately 36 '' l x 14.25 '' w . 
i 'm guessing no . not in the trunk and possibly not in the back seat . i 'm away from home and ca n't measure the unit for you , but this info should be on the web site . i 'm not at all sure what your door opening is . all i can say for sure is that we 're very happy with the unit . 
yes , i actually own it . i have not used a padlock on it , but it does have mating holes on the lid and in the bin ( right beside the end latch ) for using a padlock . i suspect it probably would n't take much to cut through the plastic there though . 
we have n't done so ... but , they look like it would work . 
we only have one and have n't tried stacking another on top , but i do n't think there would be a problem . the flat top is big enough to support the feet of the upper one . they would not be interlocked , and the upper would just be sitting on the lower , but as long as the floor is level , should n't be a problem . but they are big and hold a lot of stuff and get heavy fast . i probably would n't want to them more than two or three high ; and three-high would take two people to lift the upper one . 
depends on what you wanting it for ... i would n't count on it to be 100 % water tight , and it is in no way even remotely `` bear proof '' . it 's decent general purpose light-duty tote with wheels . 
dont know yet - have not had it out in the weather yet . 
yes , all the parts come off to clean . 
i can send you a copy . please give me your email . thanks , susan 
what does it look like ? 
i do wash them in the dishwasher , not sure what 's recommended . it is loud . i 'm not the biggest fan . the strainer comes loose and then the entire unit shakes and sounds like it 's going to fall apart . i do not recommend this juicer . 
i have mine ... just got to work and i will scan and post shortly . 
so far i have juiced apples , lemons , celery , carrots , ginger root , kale , spinach , red peppers and everything has juiced really well . i hope that helps ! 
i do n't have one but my co-worker does and he says it 's super easy to clean . he swears by it and uses it at least twice a day . 
yes they should work fine . very nice-i gave these to my mom as a gift and she loves them . they wash up very nicely . 
i use shout advanced and let it sit on there for hours or overnight . works well . yes , it 's a chemical ... but in this case- i think it 's worth it ! got red melted dye candle wax out of a vintage white table cloth ! 
they are 100 % cotton and will soften when you wash them . i bought them for use with my great-grandmother 's china and i love their performance . hope this will help you ? 
yarn can be made from any number of fibers . this particular yarn is made from 100 % cotton , not a blend . the product description is misleading . i can take a picture of the tag that states 100 % cotton if you would like and share it as a customer photo . 
no 
the are fairly square but they are not flour sack fabric - more like sheeting . they are awful . my real flour sack towels do n't stay square either but i am okay with that . i want them because they are lint free for the most part and so absorbent . these were the worst internet purchase i have ever made . i hope this helps . 
yes , they would be fine . 
the towels i received were completely white . 
sorry , i have no idea . they were nice towels , just too small for me and not cotton . 
these are pretty thick . i ca n't imagine straining liquid through them . they are like a stiffer , starched-like material . 
they have some coating on them that makes them gold . it came of in the dishwasher . so in my opinion , no . i would go with stainless or plastic . 
i think they would work fine . 
i think it would although i 've used it only for essential oils . the stem seems large enough for powder to pass through easily , if the powder is dry and not clumpy . 
i do n't think they are true copper , but they are some sort of colored metal . i do n't know if they are steel or not - they feel like stainless that could have been copper plated . hope this helps ! 
yes the stem is just a bit over 1 8 '' in diameter and about 5 8 `` long 
nope , but not sure what they are made out of 
yes , size , but a syringe would work a whole lot better . they would probably make a mess . these are more for liquids . 
they appear to be real copper . i could n't scratch them to reveal anything else . 
they are all the same size , at least the ones i received were . the stem diameter is about 3mm so they should fit a tabasco sized bottle . 
they are very small . i make custom perfume and put it in little tiny bottles that hang around your neck on a string . the funnels will fit into the tiny little holes on the mouth of the bottles . bottles about the size of a nickle , hole in bottle about the size of a pencil lead just above the shapened lead into the wooden part ... look at the size of the `` o '' on your keyboard..hope that helps . love terry 
i ca n't say for sure but i think so . it 's smaller than expected but good quality and very pretty if the light hits it right 
i would call them in the medium green and turquoise teal family of colors . definitely not blue . i have turquoise decor and it fits in perfectly . i 'm not sure about the teal turquoise difference but they seem more the same . 
no they are very light weight 
you can modify however the brackets are welded and fixed to the picture . you should be able to install a wire between the brackets and hang it just like a picture 
varying shades of turquoise , white , dark grey on a silver background . with gallery lighting , all colors are deeper , plus the lighting brings out perriwinkle and a very light green . all colors you see similar to a carribean ocean wave . the gallery lighting is very important in bringing this artwork 's full color spectrum to life . 
i can make it in the larger size . contact me at the link below and i can send a link to the new listing . thanks , miles 
currently , pieces ship about 2 1 2 weeks after they are ordered . 
you may want to contact the seller on this . it looks like you should be able to but i think that you had better check to be sure . sorry i do n't have a definitive answer for you . 
they are 24 inches high by 15 inches wide 
there is only the silver , blue and green . the other shades are from shadows or objects in the room . 
i exclusively make rice milk with this machine as my 2 year old is allergic to dairy , soy , coconut almond all tree nuts . i have used both white and brown rice , usually the brown for the health benefit . machine works like a charm and comes with instructions . just add about 3 4 cup dry rice- no need to soak , add water , and press the `` porridge '' button and voila you have rice milk . season and sweeten ti taste . rice milk does tend to thicken so i add water periodically to thin it back out . 
valerie already answered the question well . i just want to add some comments about filter-less . the first two generations of soy milk makers were with filters . it sounds a good idea , but the customer experience was not positive , and that is why we developed the filter-less technology . the main problem with the filter is that the filter would get clogged after weeks of use even with good cleaning after each use . soy milk is sticky and can clog the filter . once this happens , it is difficult to unclog it . this were an issue for many customers . another problem is that it is difficult to add the ingredients into the filter and then install the thing to the machine . most of people who have used both types , definitely like the new filter-less design . however , function of the fitler-less machines depending on the design . soayjoy g4 filter-less design is superior that it resulted in excellent grinding of the ingredient without adding many bumps inside of the container that makes cleaning difficult . 
i suppose you could soak your almonds , blend in a v.m . , and strain . this option was less expensive for me vs. buying a v.m . , it is stainless steel , has multiple settings , it cooks , and cleans very easily . if you have a v.m . you do n't need this to blend almonds , or make soup . but , use a fine mesh strain and a rubber spatula to get all the milk from your batch . after you do that , use a nut milk bag if you need the milk to be extra smooth . i find i never need to use my nut milk bag any more after using the fine strainer . nut milk bag is a lot of work and you never get all the milk out . again , if you have a vita mix , you do n't need this maker . but do invest in a good strainer with a handle , and a rubber spatula . milk tip , use almond extract instead of vanilla when making almond milk , its awesome ! 
yes ! and it tastes amazing ! about two measures ( it comes with a measuring cup ) of almonds , water and ca . 15 minutes in the machine . best almond milk ever . i love it . 
yes ! i have made it many times . use large shred coconut , & unsweetened . i buy it in bulk . i fill a large ( 6 cup canning jar ) jar half full with lightly packed with coconut , and up to the 6 cup line with water . let soak over night . then in the morning i pour the mix into the machine , make sure the water is to the fill line , and run the soaked bean setting . and then strain with the provided strainer . you can sweeten if you like , add vanilla , or what ever you want . i use the coconut , or almond meal for cooking and baking after . also , you can experiment with combos of coconut and other nuts . and the amount of nuts or coconut you use is up to you . i have had lots of success with it just playing around with raw versions , or using almond extract . its a really great kitchen tool over all . my oldest son cant drink dairy , and the amount of money i have saved on making my own milks has more than payed for this machine . we have not made soup with it like they say you can , but i am sure that would be easy to do . hope that helps ! 
the whole cycle is about 7 minutes . 
yes , especially when you buy the soybeans in bulk , you save quite a bit . i make soy milk and tofu regularly . it ends up costing me less than a dollar per gallon of soy milk . 
the soyajoy g4 is definitely worth buying just for making almond milk . that is all i have made in it so far . i know all the ingredients in my 'milk ' , it is quick and easy , and it tastes great . 
no information was provided . the web side is www.soymilkmaker.com 
also , the soyapower has more functions 8 vs 5. though depending on your needs , you may not need all 8 functions . i use my soyajoy for soymilk mostly but sometimes use it for soups and almond milk . i also find the stainless steel pitcher to have a cleaner look . for more detailed comparison check their website for the comparison table found in features and functions section of either product . hint also compare prices . hope that helps . 
70 inch round 
yes ... i believe so ! 
diameter 19 '' height 25 '' 
no , it is 19 3 4 inches round 
twenty five inches tall ... ... ... ... . 
the top is 20 '' and it stands 25 '' . 
70 '' round fits perfectly . 
a 70 inch round works fine . 
19 and a half inches in diameter and 2 feet tall . 
19 3 4 '' diameter 
it is a soft yellow 
hi , i bought this set , the pot is 10 oz and the cup holds 5 oz , hope this helps ! 
hi it is microwafe safe but i am not sure about the ounces 
yes , it does . it 's a good water-proof barrier . it works as well as a plastic liner but is definitely an `` upgrade '' because it drapes nicer and you can machine wash it . i recommend it for anyone who has purchased one of the hookless shower curtains . 
i have n't had a problem yet , but i also have been washing it every other week to keep it clean ; also try leaving the curtain open at each end of your tub shower to let air flow through , otherwise the curtain remains damp all day . 
yes . mine initially came with the plastic liner but i have found i like the fabric one much better . 
yes it is . and i bought the liner and i was a bit stressed but not it fit like a glove . have a nice day 
when i purchased my liners they snapped into the shower curtain ( one piece open top and solid bottom ) with snaps to put the liner in . bed bath beyond has them and i think amazon does , too . 
the liner is on the inside it snaps in place . the liner is placed inside the tub and the curtain goes on the outside of the tub . 
no 
snap in . 
? ? ? 
i had both inside and was corrected by a few people . the liner is inside the tub , the curtain hangs outside . 
yes its awesome ! 
it includes the grommet and about 1 '' above it . hope this helps . 
yes , that is what we use and i had now problem installing it . 
try ordering the fabric liner separately . this curtain comes with the thin peva liner . 
the curtain comes with a liner attached . the top is free of a liner so that it is sheer , but the bottom where the heavier fabric is has a liner attached . 
totally washable . the liner can be snapped out and washed separately . i love this shower curtain . ... .and so easy to hang ... .none of those tricky hooks ! 
yes , search for here on amazon b00alrsxva or http : www.amazon.com hookless-snap-in-fabric-shower-curtains dp b00alrsxva ref=sr_1_3 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1386984882 & sr=8-3 & keywords=hookless+fabric+shower+curtain i saw this item at bedbath & beyond and thought the fabric liners were great . the ones there for $ 40 came with the fabric liner . i thought the one here would come with the fabric liner too , but it did n't ... . 
i 've never seen a drop of water get thru the mesh , however no part of the shower stream really is wide enough to hit that high up on the curtain . the mesh is pretty fine so unless you 're spraying water directly at it i doubt any would go through . magnets or weights would have been a nice addition to this curtain , but the curtain hangs alright without them , sometimes i have to shake it a bit to get it to hang perfectly straight down , but that 's not an issue for me personally . on its own it sticks fairly well to the shower wall and tub , especially if you get some moisture behind it to make a seal . 
if you scroll down on the page of the shower curtain it has all details pertaining product dimensions . for you convenience i copied and paste it . product dimensions : 71 x 0.2 x 74 inches ; 2.2 pounds 
see other responses as they are accurate . the curtain is attractive , 74 '' in length . i love mine ! 
physically measured at 14.5 '' to elastic . should be adequate for 12 '' deep mattress . 
no , especially if the sheet fits the bed . they are good sheets . 
i guess this will depend on how old your grandma is ! no pilling whatsoever ; but they are not especially `` smooth '' . they soften up after several washes . i 'm very satisfied with the feel ... i just wish they were a bit thicker . 
you will be in great shape with this sheet . i believe it accomdates up to 20 inches depth . i have a normal size mattress and it hangs way down . 
it 's not on the package but i have a 3 '' feather bed on top of my mattress and the fitted sheet fits with more than enough room . 
yes 
says it was made in china . they are good sheets for the money . they washed well and have not pilled . the color stays bright . the size on the fitted sheet and flat sheet are generous . i would highly recommend these sheets . i plan on buying more.. 
these sheets have very deep pockets . i have a dual sided pillow top mattress and it could be thicker and still have plenty of room . deepest pockets i 've every seen . 
the label only indicates , 100 % cotton , china ! 
19.1 x 12.6 x 37.5 inches 
yes , almost black 
yes i believe it can . i assembled one a few weeks ago . 
i can fit champagne glasses and they do not touch the bottom , not at home to messure it , i know i can put 3 wine glasses per row . if this does n't help i can messure it once i 'm back 
5 `` h , 16.5 w , 10.5 d 
yes , i actually put a wine holder on top of mine 
no . but it is relatively easy to put together . it gives you one l shaped tool that you use for most of the assembly . i think i may have used a screwdriver only for the knob . 
it 's wood . 
it 's roughly around 9 inches tall and a foot across length wise . 
yes 
the wholes are large enough to hold up to a standard champagne bottle . it will not fit magnum bottles or larger . 
yes , the glass rack is in the open section . it has 4 rows that each hold 2 red wine glasses comfortably . depth of the cabinet is perfect as well . i have enough room for my wine tray and corkscrews beneath the glasses . i get a lot of compliments on this piece . it does not look like something you assemble at home . it will take some time . this is not a quick build and some of the angles are tricky but the end result is very pleasing and useful ! i hope you enjoy the piece ! 
it comes unassembled but was not difficult to put together 
sorry , not at this time 
yes it is definitely sturdy enough . i currently just have a decanter on top , but could easily hold several liquor bottles . 
19 1 4 '' wide , 12 1 2 '' deep , 37 1 2 '' tall 
37.75 x 19 x 12.5 
greed 
no it does n't . the magic bullet is a smaller version of the nutribullet . 
nutribullet customer service at 1-855-346-8874 has verified that the extractor blade and cup for the nutribullet 600 is interchangeable with with nutribullet bl450 900 watt pro . 
no 
each cup has a `` max fill '' line . the large cup 's line is 20 oz . the small cup 's is 10 oz . each one can hold 6 ounces above the fill line , but it gets tricky to fill over the line , especially if the ingredients have a tendency to expand . so , i usually respect the fill lines , more or less . 
it no longer needs a seal . they changed the making of it just slightly and it works great without a seal . i bought the same item and mine works perfectly . it is actually nicer not having to clean the seal every time . hope this helps . 
hello , yes the gasket is included with each blade unit . 
all the blades that i received have a good sized white warning sticker on the outside . 
tall cup holds 20 ounces at the max line and the short cup holds 10 ounces at the max line . 
i 'm not sure . i only have the nutribullet . 
the cost for domestic shipping is us $ 4.44 . international shipping rates will vary . 
it 's printed on standard poster paper 
i just took a close look and it 's a cig . 
no 
36 x 24 inches 
yellow 
the top twists off 
twist the top half about 1 4 turn until it comes out . i always empty the water as soon as i finish to make sure it is fresh to work the next time 
i am interested in the answer to this question as well . 
you have to hang the clothes on a hanger and steam from there . if it gets wet it is because you 're over filling it . make sure you do not put water above the max line . 
it is approx . 1 8 tsp . 
they are probably 3-4 inches long . they are the size you would get from say baskin robbins to taste test ice cream . 
the whole spoon is smooth . they worked great 
hi , it is 3 1 4 '' long , the spoon part measures 1 1 4 '' x 3 4 '' . i used them for 2 oz . pudding shots and they worked perfect . it added to the fun ! 
3 inches from tip to tip the handle is 2 inches and the scooped part 1 inch by 1 half inch 
i would say it is more like 1 4 teaspoon 
i do n't know the exact length , as they are not in front of me , but they are roughly 2.5 '' -3 '' in length . 
in reading through the warranty limitations , i 'd say it 's really , really limited ( 1 year warranty ) . in retrospect , i 'd probably be inclined to purchase elsewhere . 
there is the option of using the solofill v2 gold cup v2 gold refillable filter cup , which accepts k-cups and works in the v500 600 700 
when i first got it yes . but now that i use distilled water and clean it weekly no problem . 
you are able to control the strength of the coffee . you may want to start with a mild or medium strength coffee and then experiment with the amount of ground coffee you add to the v-cup . i say probably because the brewer does n't work if you have too much coffee in the cup ( it does n't close ) ; however , i never tried it with less than a full cup of ground coffee . 
from amazon . i have n't seen them anywhere else , and one review said this is a disadvantage of the kuerig view . you can buy a plastic cup on amazon that you can refill yourself and keep on hand for coffee `` emergencies . '' 
no sounds like you have one that 's malfunctioning . call keurig directly . they will go over your problem . if they ca n't fix it . they send you a brand new one . only thing you send them is the cut electrical chord . i 've had problems with the original machines that brew k cups but not the vue brewer 
yes , but you have to buy a reusable vue cup , like this one : k2v-cup vue cup . 
yes it does . they replaced ours 3 times . apparently they do not make the v600 anymore . they sent us the new 2.0 400 series . 
all keurig coffee machines in my listing are less than 17 '' height when completely open . 
i have used these twice and they came out great ! no need for a cookie sheet underneath . i used regular cupcake liners . hope that helps ! 
i 've used these on two occasions and they have worked very well . they are for standard size cupcakes and the lid is high enough that even with large amounts of frosting they do not get smushed . lids and latches seem to work well so far . 
paper or foil muffin cups work . you do n't need to put it on a cookie sheet , though i could see why you might want to . i never have . 
hi , i bought this for my grandpa who lives out of state and as far as i know he has n't had any issues . i would double check with someone who has used it personally or even the manufacturer . good luck . 
mine says made in usa . i 've never experienced any chemical smell . i 've also had no problems with it being too hot or `` smelling '' hot , as some reviewers mention . i use it as recommended , meaning i put it on top of my body and do n't rest my body on it , except when using in a 10 minutes on , ten minutes off procedure as in athletics . i have three of these and have used them about 2 years and had no problems . it 's an inexpensive solution to the need for a heating pad . 
no . it stays on at the set temperature which is a plus in some case . there are others that have auto-off . 
10.5x15 and 4 '' deep . of course , with the domed lid , the cooking area is higher . 
the hinged lid has 2 tabs that retrofit into two slots in the base . it is easily removable for cleaning and such . 
no self basting feature . i see no reason why you could not use the cooking bag but i 'm not sure you would need one as it seals pretty tight 
no 
it appears to be . everything i have cooked in it was done at the same temperature i used before i got the cooker . 
yes 
i have cooked a 16 pound turkey . i hope this helps . 
i have not had mine long and so far have only made soup in it . i look forward to doing some roasting and believe with the convection part what you want to do would work but that 's just a guess . 
i am not sure if it is nsf approved , but it is a really good roaster . i operate a home based catering business and we use this roaster a lot . it is a good size and it does a good job ! to keep cleanup to a minimum , however , we use cooking bags when we use the roaster . these bags are also available on amazon . do not cook over 350 degrees if using a cooking bag . 
i am sorry , but i do not know if you can cook coffee beans ? it is a slow cooker and full oven all in one if that helps you to understand what it does . 
hello , the inner pot has a teflon or teflon-like non-stick coating . 
hello , the inner pot is made of aluminium . 
hello , yes , indeed . 23 cups of 6oz of rice ( uncooked ) have a great day ! 
yes , these are wonderful ppl 
hello th yes we have deeper food inserts available . the one that comes with the chafer is 2 1 2 '' . we have 4 '' , 6 '' , 77 8 '' deep , however the waterpan is 4 '' deep . so if you use the deeper than 2 1 2 '' food pan , you can not use the waterpan . also 6 '' and 7 '' maybe to close to the flames . tony van hemert customer service agent nisbets , inc. 151 bata blvd . belcamp , md 21017 office : 1-888-747-1447 ext . 67002 
4 complete sets , this was a great buy 
no it 's not collaspable . but if u have multiple chafers u can easily stack and consolidate them together 
we have use them at church and they work fine . i was kinda like you , but was suprised at the quality when i used them , may not be top of the line but well worth the money . 
each one is 8qt.. i buy 8 and i love my dishes they are big enough to make good party 's .. 
no it does not 
yes they are stackable . 
hello fhatyha , at the time of writing this , we have more then enough to fulfill your order , so go ahead ... have a great day ! 
yes , set of four 
yes..110v 
the lid does not latch shut so i would not transport soup in the kettle 
it is electric and it keeps soup hot . 
the weight is from the soup . it is light weight when it is empty . it is sturdy and quality material . it looks like cast iron but it is aluminum . 
there is a dial type thermostat . i would say make sure the soup is hot already . it works great , just put in hot soup . although , in have never tried to put like nacho cheese or cannes soups . 
i dunno about the wattage , but i 've got 2 running on 110 , and they work great 5 stars imo , and i own a soup restaurant 
yes , this model is intended for car use . if you buy one universal ac to dc car cigarette lighter socket adapter but power needed is 140 w , in this case you can use at home . 
no , this model is 12 volts car plug is made for cigarette lighter outlets . 
yes , the 12v model is made for cigarette lighter outlets . 
i would say no . it fits a pretty deep mattress but that is the deepest i ever heard . perhaps a 15 inch is more like it . 
they 're super soft , but you get what you pay for . mine ripped within a week or so of using them , so i guess you could say they 're pretty thin . i loved them though , just wish they had lasted longer . 
i believe standard , but dim is 3ft by 1.5ft . 
depends on how thick your mattress is . they fit up to 16 inches deep . my mattress is 13 and they fit with room to spare . 
we have a few colors and sale what we have at the time the way we have to buy then from our suppler is 12 in a box and only one color in each box we do n't have a lot of one color . because we are a small business , we just have to comply with the way they run there business . tell what color you need and i will try to accommodate you . 
i dont think any , they are microfibre , 
hi , it comes with with two pillowcases . hope this helps . janet 
these sheets are soft and warm but on the tag it says 100 % polyester not cotton so the description that the seller gives is very misleading 
full size sheets fits . i have memory foam as well . 
good question . i 'assume ' thread count just refers to the number of individual treads packed into a given space regardless of what they are made of . that being said , in my experience it has only been applied to fine cotton products . therefore , it is misleading . i donated these to a charity . they were good polyester sheets . but i wanted cotton . 
i have found two methods that work for me : 1. finger pinch - usually works for the first filter , but not so well for the second and 2 . ( my favorite ) thick end of a chopstick or a thick bar stir stick . i always have a few chopsticks sets laying around and i found that thicker end will not poke a hole in your filters . just push it through one of the top holes and it will push both filters far enough out so that you can grab them with your hands . for the hot second of annoyance that you might feel about needing extra equipment , it is so worth it ! the double filter is a life and nose saver . trust me ! on a side note : i recommend that you pick up a extra set of round filters for every square circle replacement pack you buy . the bottom ( round filter ) will need to be replaced more often then the top ( square ) filter . if the bottom filter gets wet accidentally ( usually happens when i over fill the bin ) , it will mold and fast . top filter stays pretty dry , so you will not have to change it as often . hope this helps and happy composting ! 
i believe i ordered the epica filters , but what i received was the norpro set of two , said to last six months . they appear similar , so i believe they will fit and work the same . the package was labeled # 93f . 
the filter eliminates the oder . i never smell the decomposing food scraps when using this container . 
not at all . but i use mine primarily for coffee grounds . 
i 'm not an expert but in my opinion this is more of a brushed stainless . 
i 'm not a metal expert , but there are no seams and the whole item appears to be made from the same material . i did a little more checking and could get a magnet to stick to the side of container , but not to the bottom or the lid . this does not mean it is not stainless . stainless steel with a higher percentage of nickel is a higher quality stainless and will not hold a magnet . i love my container and the inside is not showing any negative effects of the compost being stored inside , so i still recommend and would buy this product again . 
yes , i did have some problems with fruit flies . so i used the old remedy of placing a small container next to the steel composter . fill it with water , a little brown vinegar and a drop or two of dish detergent . the flies are attracted to the vinegar and can not escape the detergent which breaks the water surface . they then drown . 
they most definitely will not compost in this . unless you create the worlds smallest compost bin with this : ) this is meant for keeping them in your kitchen house until you can transfer them to something bigger . 
not airtight ! it has a filter and holes in the lid . when it 's warm , we definitely have fruit flies if we do n't empty it often . 
you wo n't be able to put just any food item in this bucket . if food items too moist it causes lots of mold quickly . bokashi i understand you can use all food edible food items . this would be okay if you were wanting 2-3 days of food items and them dump in your bokashi bucket . 
no it is not cotton . it is polyester . i would send it back , but the shipping cost would be 1 2 the cost of the sheets , so i will use it for my dog 's bed . very disappointing . 
i am not sure as mine is setup inside a waterbed frame . i have n't ever looked for one for a ck set . 
polyester . very thin . do not buy . hot and already shredding 
hello , due to the nature of your query , please contact customer service directly . they will be able to assist you with your order . here 's a link to their contact form : 
really have no idea . they felt great to the touch , but they were a gift . 
i do n't know but they were very cheaply made and i would not recommend them . 
hello , except where noted otherwise , the list price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself , suggested by the manufacturer or supplier , or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice . you can read more about list prices here : 
sorry we do not offer that anymore . 
we 've used ours several times and have had no problems so far ! 
5 1 4 '' square . there are 1 '' strips of velcro on two sides of the wrap . 
no pockets for id . they just serve to help you find your bag among others on the baggage conveyor . they help a lot for that , though . 
i do n't think it would be a problem . there is velcro in the back that should add enough support for a safety pin . 
i used it on a regular handle on intl trips and it was fine . i have not used on wheelie pull up handle but it should be ok 
length , 5.25 inches long width , can be dependent upon the size and shape handle you are wrapping it around , on my luggage it seems to be about 1.25 inches wide 
i guess it depends on how thick the stroller handle is . it 's velcroed , so it should be able to wrap around the handle . 
bottom of the pot says germany . this pot is very well made ; nice weight . i mainly use it to make poached eggs ; wipes clean every time and eggs do n't stick to the bottom . i am very satisfied with it . 
it is a lightweight lid . i recommend this pan and have owned for over a year with no concerns about wear or performance . 
it does work on induction 
i have not used it in the oven . this pan cleans easy , even with very sticky foods made in it like fudge . i am very happy , i purchased this pan . 
glasstop works very well and allows watching what is cooking and is easy to handle . 
15ft 
do not buy from this company ! ! ! but to answer your question the largest room i have it 's about 12x15 and it cool and heats it good . now this particular one i have it in the kitchen and i do not use much . the reason that i am telling you to do not buy this specific one is that it advertises as a complete set and it does not bring the copper pipes that you need their customer service is horrible and likes to argue with you . and yes they will take it back but they will try to charge you a 22 % to return it plus shipping and handling . there are other a c ductless that are great comes complete and the only thing you have to do is put it up and vacuum them . the people from highseer sell some great ones and the brand name is pioneer and those are the ones i use in the rest of the house . 
i have not installed unit due to contractor delays . it should be , but if the exchange unit is elevated above condenser unit , additional coolant is nessary to overcome atmospheric pressure . can you advise on your experience ? 
yes . 
to install it you will need also : line set 15 
a product review said , `` no . '' the seller was asking for $ 150.00 additional for a 15 ' line set . 
i think it is good for writing . it is hard enough ! 
phillips head screwdriver and a hammer 
if you mean the small ones on top of the desk then yes . if you mean the draws on the right then it 's possible but i would n't because you would be able to see all the drill holes . 
this desk was terrible and hard to put together . not a good buy at all . 
it depends on the size of the base supporting the screen . i operate a rather large laptop ( 15 '' or 15.5 '' ) comfortably on the desk . there is also room under the top shelf for the monitor base to tuck away , but the vertical clearance is under 4 '' . 
hard to say precisely , but given the weight and heft of the desk , i 'd say it 's made of oak . pretty sturdy for its size . 
no 
the desk does not come already assembled . i would recommend having two people for the assembly . 
19.8x47.5x30 '' . 90 pounds and 92 pounds shipping weight . hope this is helpful 
you can not do a mirrored version but you can install the hutch as is on the left hand side of the desk . there is no holes on the top . the hutch is attached to the desk with metal plates screwed from behind . 
this fan is loud and useless , trust me do n't waist your money . 
8 hours at least 
i found that it does n't give enough of a breeze to help very much with the heat . to even feel the air from this you have to have it extremely close to your skin . i would n't recommend it . 
it is a flat , camera type battery - about 1 1 2 inch by 2 inches and 3 16 inches thick - the actual type is `` bl5c '' - 3.7volts 800mah li-ion 
is there any way you can send a photo of what you are describing . i know the battery and the neck strap are there in the box , but nor sure what you are describing . these are great fans and i bought extra high capacity batteries from ebay for these fans , so i always have power for the fan . i also bought an external battery charger too . my email for the pictures is scottefranklin @ hotmail.com . 
yes , the battery was included with my fan . the battery is a nokia style phone battery , part number bl-5c . 3.7 volt 700 mah . 
it does n't come with usb . it is a plug in setup to recharge , no battery . 
this is mine & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; battery operated personal pocket fan , white ( white ) reviewed battery operated personal pocket fan , white ( white ) this is a cool item ! july 19 , 2014 i am so happy with this fan . it looks like a cell phone , so when you hold it to your face it just looks like you 're talking on the phone . not a super strong breeze , but will cool you down nonetheless . 
around an hour if continuous use 
about 2 5 8 '' wide by 4 3 4 '' long by 3 4 '' thick . 
yes 
the ionizer purifies the air in the room . it will help eliminate some of the odors . we have our fan in the kitchen so we use the ionizer a lot . 
i returned this item because it was broken upon delivery . i do not recommend this item from this seller . 
the t42900 model has a serarate button for the oscillation feature . i 'm not familiar with th 2554 model . 
hi ivydream , the t42900 has an widespread oscillation feature , while the 2554 , this feature is optional , default configuration , does not have that feature . thanks , pcrush 
710 cfm . 
i would say no . it fits a pretty deep mattress but that is the deepest i ever heard . perhaps a 15 inch is more like it . 
they 're super soft , but you get what you pay for . mine ripped within a week or so of using them , so i guess you could say they 're pretty thin . i loved them though , just wish they had lasted longer . 
i believe standard , but dim is 3ft by 1.5ft . 
depends on how thick your mattress is . they fit up to 16 inches deep . my mattress is 13 and they fit with room to spare . 
we have a few colors and sale what we have at the time the way we have to buy then from our suppler is 12 in a box and only one color in each box we do n't have a lot of one color . because we are a small business , we just have to comply with the way they run there business . tell what color you need and i will try to accommodate you . 
i dont think any , they are microfibre , 
hi , it comes with with two pillowcases . hope this helps . janet 
these sheets are soft and warm but on the tag it says 100 % polyester not cotton so the description that the seller gives is very misleading 
full size sheets fits . i have memory foam as well . 
good question . i 'assume ' thread count just refers to the number of individual treads packed into a given space regardless of what they are made of . that being said , in my experience it has only been applied to fine cotton products . therefore , it is misleading . i donated these to a charity . they were good polyester sheets . but i wanted cotton . 
yes this can scratch non-stick pots . i ruined a good circulon sauce pot by holding the blender in one spot for too long . it wore away the coating . since then i always hold the blender at an angle and do my best not to press it against the bottom of the pots . 
i fill the contained i used with soapy water and whip it up with the smart stick . cleans very easily . 
my sister in law 's turn out gooey too but mine are not . i think it is over blending that is causing it . i go up and down only and when i think they are mixed i quit and fork them to check . do n't go in circles for sure . it is not like a blender . good luck . it is possible to make terrific potatoes with them . she showed me what not to do ! 
i have used the stick blender to make smoothies with frozen fruit on many occasions . i find that it helps to move the blender up and down so that it does n't jam up , and use plenty of liquid- even if adding it as you go . as long as the blades are able to turn freely , it seems to work fine . 
yes , it can . i have used ice in my smoothies and this stick handles it with ease . 
cord is 5 ' 4 '' long and should be long enough for any task . 
it is not cordless . must be plugged into a wall socket . not heavy at all , and very easy to manipulate . one hand does it all . 
the attachments snap on to the wand . seems secure , never had an issue . it does have a button to release . the chopper lid twists to the chopper base . again , have not had any issues . i have been very pleased with this purchase 
the blender says `` made in china , '' as does the instruction booklet ( unfortunately , not a surprise ) . 
mostly stainless steel . it is very sturdy . 
i have this stand and have about the same size tv and wight and it moves around great with it on it . it is a great stand for the money . 
its fairly easy but the 2 metal covers for the back ( to hide wires from view ) do not fit properly.we just left them off , and hide the wires by stacking dvd , cd , etc on the shelves.hope this helps.it is a well-made product though . 
hello , i did not have any challenges . i have owned my stand now for eight months . solid stand . what is the issue ? 
there is not a lock on caster . 
17 '' h x 18 '' w x18 '' d . 
yes , it will work perfectly . transdeco 65 inch tv stand is beautyful and strong ! 
2 boxes 
no 
65 '' w x 18.1 '' d x 21 '' h 
if i remember correctly the casters are what attach the bottom shelf to the posts . so , unless you get your own screws you wo n't be able to use it without the casters . 
i 'm sorry i must have missed this email question - with the lid open the height of the machine will reach about 24 inches . . i would n't recommend it for your low cabinet space as you will need to open the lid all the way to remove the basket . however if you have a kitchen table or an open area with a steady table it would work wonderfully . the bottom of the machine does n't get very hot , so it wo n't melt the top of a portable table if you have one . i use it on a wooden butcher cart and a laminate counter top and it has n't melted either of them . i even took it to work for a pot luck and made french fries on a plastic portable picnic table . so it 's pretty safe , just make sure you put it on a stable surface to prevent the hot oil from spilling . i hope this helps and good luck ! 
yes it can cook corn dogs , but only 1 or 2 at a time . the basket in the cooker is small . there is no drain for the oil . you just lift the inner pan out and remove the oil . everything comes out . i like the deep fryer , but it is small . 
1500 watts 
low and high levels = 6 - 8 cups ( 36 - 48 oz ) of oil . 1.4 - 1.9 litres approx . 
i plugged it in using regular 120 found in most american kitchens . 
yes , that is true . 
8 cup oil capacity 
on the outside , not hot at all . it is well insulated , deep fry 's quickly and does a great job . 
the oil is very easy to clean . that 's no problem . i just find that it 's just too small and does n't make very much at a time . i regret buying it . you will only fit 2 chicken breasts at a time . that 8-cup claim is sheer nonsense ! 
not sure as we do not use our dishwasher but i will say by hand its the easiest one i have ever had and cleaned . 
i do not use metal on mine . i love the pots and pans but do think metal would scratch them . 
orgreenic cookware has a lifetime warranty . we have not had to test it as of yet . the wife and i use this frequently and love it . so far it has lived up to the tv ads 
the bottom of these pans are made from aluminum . this material is not ferromagnetic so its is unlikely to work on an induction cook top . 
i do not know i have a gas stove ... .u could email the company and ask costumer service this question . sorry i could n't be of much help tami 
i found one article online , actually a customer complaint , that said that orgreenic cookware was not induction capable . i am assuming that there was an implication made to him that it was . 
do n't know i hand wash with dawn and a old t-shirt 
i only count 16 pcs. , and i counted several times . 
yes it is 
when you insert it and twist it removes the pineapple from inside leaving the entire outside intact . if you do n't go too deep , you can actually use the outside of the pineapple to drink out of ! 
it has to be used to slice into rings , which if you just cut down one side gives you half a slice , or you can cut into sections , it is not a peeler or just a corer . love this it does a great job . 
sorry , but i have no idea . i think it was china , but i 'm not sure . i checked the item , but it does n't specify . 
i would n't recommend it . i do n't know if you are limited by the room you have under your cabinets , but mine just fits sitting on the one . besides that , there are wheels on the bottom so you can slide it out from under the cabinets to add water to the machine or to use it . 
its metal 
yes ; but it holds fewer k-cups . i tested out mine and noted that it holds 7 k cups per column vs. 9 vue cups per column . 
yes it will hold the travel mug . this drawer is great . works just as described . my wife and i both love it and it is nice to put all of your different coffee in one spot . 
yes , this is a great vue cup storage drawer . i have the travel mug size in mine right now . it holds alot and coffee pot sets right on it and the wheels to roll it out from under the cabinets just great 
yes . perfect fit . 
yes the pods do fit you just have to stack them sideways , not flat the way they come packaged . 
no but it does n't move at all ! 
mine was shipped very quickly 
not sure cause i do n't have any of the travel size but prob half of the given amount 
the cleaning pads are well designed microfiber and do an effective job of cleaning our tile floors , including grout lines . i use this unit regularly and find it one of our best housecleaning aides . 
i 've never used it that way , though i imagine it would be fine . it seems very well constructed . 
i have very small ( one inch ) grouted tiles in my back bathroom and it works well on those , but they are very shallow grooves . the steam itself will only loosen surface dirt , and maybe lift some of the deeper stuff . if you have old mildew darkened grout , i 'd suggest a foaming mildew cleaner , and bleach or a bleach like spray . steam cleanings main advantages are a hot greasy dirt cutter , and a no chemical germ killer . 
i do n't know , as i use on floor that i do n't wax . but my guess is it will take more than just steam to remove a build of wax using any type of mop . 
it uses two pads at a time , each measuring 4.75 inches x 11 inches wide . there is a gap in the middle to allow for using the motion setting . i do my kitchen floor ( about 175 sq feet ) in about 20 minutes . you will probably need to stop and refill the water tank at least once . also depends on how dirty the floor is . you 're not supposed to put any cleaning agents in the tank ( destroys the gaskets ) so i use a spray bottle to pre-wet a section , then steam it . hope this helps . 
just depends on how much crud is on the floor . i would take your time the first time using it . and then if your using it every day it should go faster . if i have something sticky it takes a couple time over that spot . otherwise it goes pretty quickly . the most frustrating thing is the short cord . always unplugging and plugging back in . other than that i love the machine . 
if you do n't you will crud up the cleaning pad in no time , this is not a vacuum cleaner . 
per manufacturer instructions , i do not put anything in the tank except water - may cause corrosion . i use a squirt bottle ( target has good quality rubbermaid ones in the cleaning supply aisle ) and pre-treat the surface , then use the steamer as normal . on my azek deck ( same material as trex ) i have used simple green cleaner with good results . if you want to use bleach for mildew , use a 3 % bleach 97 % water solution . do n't use the bleach straight -may affect the color of the decking . hope this helps . 
it has a flat attachment with holes to steam the carpet on low setting . the scrubbing action is quite vigorous and i do n't think it will be good for the carpet strands . i pretreat with my own cleaner and spot steam , or do an overall quick refresh . if you want to shampoo , best to rent a shampooer or hire a professional . 
i have n't owned for a year but it is very sturdy and works great 
4 1 2 '' tall , top dia . 3 1 8 '' , bottom dia . 2 3 8 '' 
snap . we have no problem with the lid coming off . but we also gave others that screw on . 
they are 
polypropylene . we love these cups ! 
no , i am sorry not at this time . 
i would say wider , i use them for smoothies . 
2 of each color . they are awesome ! ! ! could n't be more happy with them ! 
i do n't think i 'd use in the microwave . maybe the freezer would be ok if you were careful about how much liquid was inside . 
yes , we put all the glasses we make including these in the top rack of the dishwasher all the time . thanks for your consideration . jean moore 
we use regular straws without a problem . 
no but i have used it inside a grandfather clocck and it seems to work great ... i live in haaaii and the humidity is high here . 
yes . this is exactly how it works . it only works in a small area like a safe or closet . then to recharge the unit , it must be moved to another area where there 's good air circulation . it does n't recharge as quickly as some other brands . it requires about 24 hours instead of the recommend 12 . 
110 
i have a 30 foot sail boat moored in the alamitos bay marina year round . this little dehumidifier has been great . it must remove 1 2 to 3 4 cup of moisture every day . i have mine on a timer ( dusk till dawn ) . i 'm very impressed . 
i would say it is good for a very small room . it depends on the amount of humidity you have , but i would n't use it for a room larger than 8x10 feet and only if you have moderate to low humidity . this machine is best for a closet , not a room . 
pull out the tank by the handle and pull the little black rubber plug . turn it over until empty . little black rubber plug has a retainer to keep from getting lost . 
2 prong and yes 
i do n't think so . did not have good luck with ours . worked fine for three months then died . 
i believe it would.remember it 's a dehumifier , not an exhaust fan ! 
the instruction manual says power consumption is 22.5 watts 
my adapter has on the bottom : ac 100-240v , 50 60hz , 0.8a max ; out dc 9v , 3a . so , yes it shoud work for both . 
around 9 '' tall x 6 1 2 '' wide x 5 1 4 '' deep . that is approximate . that depth does not compensate for the fact that the power cable goes into the the lower back side of the unit . 
any person who claims they can not open , probably wo n't know how to open a tube of toothpaste . it 's extremely simple to empty , you pull it out voila ! very simple , very quiet and very effective in small rooms . it sits easily and inconspicuously on a window sill . 
not all fit because the tips are different size i bought the standdard couplers too but those tips not fit the standard couplers.. 
yes , there are only two or three that have a medium size tip 
yes ! 
no . they 're all of varying sizes so a few different sized couplers are needed . 
dear friend , thanks for your questions , it 's shipped from china , and usually need take 7-16 days for arrival . 
the real problem with this set is that some of the tips do n't fit the standard couplers . they 're too big around at the base , you ca n't secure it with the ring portion of the coupler . some do , but who knows which ones are going to be the right size and which ones are n't ? the pieces are not numbered either . there is one similar to a wilton # 74. i have n't had reason to use it yet . my standard leaf tip is a 366 which is not included in this set . 
yes 
i would said about med size ... 
cleaning them has been like cleaning my wilton tips , so the answer is yes pretty easy , and mine have not rusted either . hope that helps ! 
these are the only i used 
they are plenty deep . i have them on my sons full bed where the mattress is 12 '' deep and we have inflatable bumpers under the fitted sheet to keep him from falling out of bed ( he 's a toddler ) . you should have no problem . 
who knows ? i think this is one law that has been missed.. hopefully the price was worth a gamble and i won this time . i bought one set , liked it and bought another . they are holding up fine . 
probably not 
they are plenty deep . i have them on my sons full bed where the mattress is 12 '' deep and we have inflatable bumpers under the fitted sheet to keep him from falling out of bed ( he 's a toddler ) . you should have no problem . 
who knows ? i think this is one law that has been missed.. hopefully the price was worth a gamble and i won this time . i bought one set , liked it and bought another . they are holding up fine . 
probably not 
they are plenty deep . i have them on my sons full bed where the mattress is 12 '' deep and we have inflatable bumpers under the fitted sheet to keep him from falling out of bed ( he 's a toddler ) . you should have no problem . 
who knows ? i think this is one law that has been missed.. hopefully the price was worth a gamble and i won this time . i bought one set , liked it and bought another . they are holding up fine . 
probably not 
the door seems pretty heavy - but mice certainly are smart rodents so where there is a will - there is a way ... honestly , i stop that thought from having me purchase this product - it really is a great toaster - have n't gotten burned and i can see the food cooking . it comes with a silver tray as well to keep it clean . 
looking in the front , the cord is in the right.. 
good morning ! actually the width of the appliance is 15 inches at the widest point . the width of the cooking space is 10 1 2 inches . the oven has 2 levels and it has a rack and a tray ! hope this helps 
no , not at all 
yes it does . 
i actually got out my tape measure and measured it after seeing all the different answers as to the length . from the back of the toaster oven to the end of the plastic part of the plug is exactly 34 inches . 
two . there is one on the top and one on the bottom . 
found out from the hamilton beach website that it is 1200w 
via tape measurer : 15 3 4 '' wide 11 1 2 '' deep ( including 1 '' handle ) 9 1 4 '' tall ( when closed ) 10 1 4 '' tall ( when opened , including handle ) 
9 '' when the door is closed . 10 '' when the door is rolled back . 
no . not powerful enough 
good question , but -- -there 's no answer . none of the descriptions i 've been able to find give sizes . even tho the item supposedly would fit the space bags , it 's really for canning . the space bags are really frustrating . even using the hose on a vacuum cleaner for the `` vacuum '' part , but many of the bags still leak and have to be done over and over . thought this gadget would do the trick , but it does n't . even ordered the ziploc bags for the kitchen with the manual `` vacuum '' designed for them , but that does n't even work well for the smaller bags and does n't fit the space bags either . wish i could give you a better answer or advice . i 've wasted a lot of money on the space bags -- about half of them work as advertised , so the rest are only good for a see-thru storage for items . hope you have better luck . 
this little gizmo works perfectly with ziplocs . in fact , i much prefer it to a vacuumn cleaner . it is light , simple , fast , and makes storage a breeze . the bright colored handle is visible even in a mess of boxes and wrapping material . i would rate it one of the smartest devices that i have purchased in months . and i hate to admit this , but it 's fun to use as well . 
yes , but with effort . 
no , it is specific to the space bags . nice idea though ! 
not very much . less than one hundred pounds . our stopped working a month later 
yeah , i feel pretty sad about that too . i just bought a simple pump , the battery one , and cut off part of the medium-size connector ... it seems like a little bit stupid , but it works . hope my words can help you . : ) 
the blow up is handling very well no different than someone weighing about 100 hope this helps 
when it is on the fan is running . that is the only noise to be heard , the noise will go away when the burner is turned off . i do n't seem to mind the sound . 
no ! ! ! it has to have a magnetic bottom for the unit to work . any cast iron pot or pan works . any pot or pan that is said to be induction ready will work . i have bought 2 0r 3 pans at walmart but you need to take a magnet with you to test the pan . even an aluminum or stainless pot or pan that a magnet will stick to works because their is an iron layer sandwiched between the other metals . i have been very very happy with my pic cooktop i got from amazon and bought it for half the cost of getting it off tv ads because they kill you on the shipping and handling ... hope this helps ... 
sort of . in fact , most of the user 's guide are recipes designed to give you an idea of what temps to use for different dishes . 
i 'm sorry i ca n't help you . i would suggest you contact the company directly at 1 ( 800 ) 676 5270 . 
you cook them like you normally would . be sure you have the grease cup on the side . start at 425 and lower to around 200 and they will cook . you might want to put a little pam on it first 
yes . i just move it around alittle . no problem ... 
it 's powered by a normal 120v ac power source ( standard wall socket ) 
no ; only induction pans such as cast iron etc . the nuwave precision website have induction cookware on their website . i was able to use my cast iron pan and grill pam i purchased with the unit . 
the grill has only one side , the bottom is flat to fit on the pic . have used mine many times , just love it . it is perfect for 2 people . 
i got the nuwave and the cast iron grill top to grill steaks in the winter when it is too dark and cold to grill outside . i love it ! make sure the grill is very hot before putting the steak on ( a matter of seconds as it heats up really fast ) . that will get you great grill-stripes and the steak wo n't stick . clean up is easy if you wipe the cast iron clean while it is still warm . 
it appears to be a non stick coating but can stick . so i use a very light coat of oil . 
normal household voltage . 110 120 
it 's electric . very quick , and very good quality : ) 
it has a very unique design that heats both sides at the same time , and when you open it you add batter to the empty side , then remove the cakes you just cooked , then flip the empty side , from which you removed the cakes , on top of the side with batter . it 's faster than using a frying pan . since it only makes two at a time . though it is faster , most people use a stovetop griddle big enough for four pancakes . for that reason , it should take about the same time it would for you to use a griddle on the stove . a family of two would take less time than a family of six . so , how big your `` set '' of pancakes will determine how long it will take . as a rough off the top of my head clue , with a preheated babycakes maker , i 'd say about three minutes for two . to speed things , i 'd recruit a help by opening the maker , and removing the two cakes while you ladle in more batter . it comes with a batter cup that dispenses the perfect amount of batter . i bought it so that i could make `` paleo '' style pancakes with all healthy ingredients starting with organic almond or coconut flour meal , eggs , spices , and leavening agent , macadamia nut oil or coconut oil , and coconut milk . my first `` set '' or yield was eight small cakes . since wheat contains gluten , the batter stays together , whereas the paleo tends to be more runny . that 's why i chose babycakes . the batter goes in a depression , and with the cup provided , the batter wo n't run out like it often does with a waffle iron if you pour too much in . 
it only has one temperature . 
no 
there is a recipe book with it , with a couple of recipes for omelets . i have not tried any . just pancakes ( with my own recipe ) . works great with my pancakes . it is mainly a hot plate with a thermostat that seems to work very well for pancakes ( better than my ceramic top stove ) . it does not tell you when the pancakes are ready but since it is open when they cook , you can tell . the hinge is just to turn the pancakes over and start cooking a new batch . perfect so far . 
the scoop equals 1 2 cup . 
the electrical information is on the swivel flip over base . it reads 120v 60 hz 1000w 
about 5 inches i think there perfect size for kids they cook up in no time 
a quick google search shows that 80ml is just under 3 oz . the cup is small . 
no it does n't . it 's a solid blown piece . i 've had them for several months , and they are holding up very well , easy to clean , and just perfect for tea . 
mine feel and sound like glass . no , the exterior does n't get hot . 
no , it is made for hot tea to be drunk from it . now if you go to extremes boiling hot to super cold or vice-versa most any glass will break . 
hi jesse , there are no logos or lettering on the glass at all . it 's a very classy design that attracts comments and looks . 
9 inch by 13 inch 
8x12 
13 inch-9 inch 
is it an 8 x 8 or 9 x 13 ? price will differ . 
at it 's highest it is 31 inches . after i wrote a review on this product , the chairs started falling apart . i would not buy them again . i really like the way they look , they are just not very sturdy . 
i would say more of an orange red . not a deep red . more red than orange . 
i 'm not sure who told you that but yes , they do have height adjustment . the `` toggle '' is n't fake . it adjust the sit up and down . 
very easy . but the quality of the padding is very poor . after a few weeks there is almost no cushion left . 
8 '' 
if you ca n't adjust its because this stool doesnt work . i tried everything . taking off the plastic cap on part a and putting it back on but nothing made it work so i sent the stools back and that was the best solution . 
hey ana , i ordered these and everything was there : ( if they are n't in the box , i am sure they will send you some . the little hardware baggy was taped to another part , and i thought i did n't get them at first but then i found them . 
not very they tip over easily and the bolts for the door keeps coming out . i would n't suggest it for weights 
if it is protected from the elements , i would think it was ok. although i would bring inside for rain snow . 
yes 
yes we have used types of locks 
it was anchored from the inside to the wall behind . i actually bought 3 and had them screwed together and then all 3 were anchored into the studs . 
i think it would , but i would honestly want to anchor it to a wall . it is heavy and i would hate to see it tip over . 
i have the same question . it would be great if you could buy additional shelves ad hoc . i was planning on having one made - there are a lot of holes in the locker where it would be easy to add a second shelf with a few mounts and a think piece of metal or wood . 
no they do not come with legs . 
you can use either a combination or a key type on the hasp . very heavy duty , grandson loves it . 
no . the cushions are attached to the couch . they are n't removable . 
it has been a while , but i believe the legs just screw in and otherwise the couch comes in two large pieces . pretty easy to put together from what i remember . 
seat size : 60 '' w x 20 '' d back size : 68 '' w x 17 '' h seat height : 18 '' h 
no , is bonded leather , but is great material . i have a 3 year old and he is always jumping on the sofa . is not hard and cleans great . hoep this helps . 
hello , i am sorry but we do n't carry just the cushions . you would have to purchase the whole sofa . thanks 
hello poly , here are the dimensions : seat height : 18 '' h arm height from floor : 24.5 - 8 '' h overall width : 69 '' w overall depth : 28.5 '' d overall height : 32.5 '' h if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
28.5 x 69 x 32.5 inches 
no , it has brown leathersoft upholstery leathersoft is leather and polyurethane for added softness and durability 
it is what they call leathersoft - `` leathersoft is leather and polyurethane for added softness and durability '' 
only the legs 
it is at least as dark as the photo . i have this in the reception area of my office and against a cream wall it looks very dark . 
it 's a bit tricky . u have to get ur fingers on each side of the filter and pull it up . as long as ur fingers are across from each other and u pull it with equal pressure on both sides it should come out more easily . 
yes parts and accessories are available at target.com , accessory kits are very common . some of the parts for the motor etc , mechanical parts may have to come from someone like appliance parts . try searching target.com first we have purchase accessories from them before , first hand . 
there is a removable blade , which can be a bit difficult to remove ( it 's easier if you lift it simultaneously from opposite sides ) . your fingers do n't actually touch the blade because it 's at the bottom of a circular rotator so , it 's not unsafe . there is also a brush that comes with it to clean the blade . the blade itself is one small part in the middle of the rotator surrounded by lines of much smaller blades ( like a grader ) . warm water and soap makes cleaning with brush much easier . i 'm actually not sure about the wattage ( no information on the box ) but i can tell you that i usually drink carrot juice concoctions and the carrots go right through along with everything else . i hope that helps . 
it should twist right off 
i am very pleased with this product . i purchased the reusable bags , and that is what has been very easy to use & reuse . i have not attempted the jar idea , as that was something i have not needed to do . i 'm very pleased with power of the product and ease of use . 
hi , yes it is rechargeable and will do about 30 bags before it needs to be recharged . after much research i could not find any difference between the two models ( waring-pvs1000 vs wpvs2000 ) so i went with the less expensive one . waring 's website only list the pvs1000 but after receiving the product i checked and could see no difference between them , ( except the model # ) even the nimh battery is the same and the instruction manuals both list 2012 as the product year . i love this kitchen tool ! it works great and seals the food as good as the large expensive models ( compared it with my sisters ) , takes up a small amount of space in my cabinet , and is very easy to use . i bought my 83 year old mother one and she loves it . i 'm now shopping more at the big box stores and saving money buying in bulk , especially with meats . the bags are dishwasher safe and i turn them wrong-side-out to insure they get well cleaned . sorry for rambling but this is now a favorite appliance , just wish i had it when the kids were little . hope this answers your question . 
they work great . you can get all the air out , so there 's no chance for frost . it wo n't be quite as good if you 're freezing chunks of things ( since it 's nearly impossible to get all those air gaps out ) or if you 're freezing something soft that can get smashed if you seal it too much . still , it works very well . much better than regular ziplock bags . i 've reused some of my bags about 3 times , but i 'm sure i can get plenty more uses out of them ( so long as you 're gentle with them and do n't accidentally puncture them ) . 
i found a similar question asked and answered . the person who responded said he had researched both models as best he could and could n't find any differences , other than the model numbers and the price . i 'm inclined to agree with him . the waring website shows only the pvs1000 list price $ 130 , no reference to the other model ; the wpvs2000sa list price is $ 99 at amazon and other sellers . i did n't know there were 2 models . checked my box -- mine is a wpvs . 
no , the vacuum hole on those clothes bags are made for the diameter of a regular vacuum hose . this has a nozzle that is smaller and concave like a suction cup . 
yes you can use those bags without any problem . 
it 's okay with grease draining but there are clear hot spots under the heating loop . for pancakes i just pour the batter over the top of the hotter loop . 
the tempertature reaches 400d i use it this so much i have to buy a new one evey few years ! i will never go without this brand and model 
10-1 2-by-20-1 2-inch cooking surface 
i have not used it for epoxy resin projects but i have used the molds for the epoxy for cake decorating . so i would think it would work fine . i hope this helped . 
hello , the entire rose is 2 3 4 '' wide and 1 1 2 '' high . this is really a beautiful mold . every single rose i made came out perfect or almost perfect . i use my mold for polymer clay ( sculpey ) and i have been very pleased with the results . it 's a great size for a brooch or any other decorative purposed . i think that you would be very pleased with this mold . have fun , paola 
what is glue paste used for ? i bought this mold to use for soap . i 've used both melt and pour and hot process soap in it . the melt and pour soap is very liquidy and hot . hot process is thicker and not as hot . the mold is extremely flexible and the soaps popped right out . maybe some of these experiences will help you . sorry i ca n't offer more . good luck ! 
i use my mould with air dry clay not fondant , but you can dust it with alittle icing sugar or corn starch , then firmly press paste into mould , smoothing in circular motions until it is level with top of mould . peel out by bending the mould back on both sides to stretch it open . make sure it is flat or the required shape and let dry . there are utube videos on these also , hope this helps . 
i have tried looking for a bigger size and i had no luck . these sizes are pretty small to . 
yes you can 
i have a maroon bedskirt , since my carpet is an light beige , that looks great . you should go with an off white , not white to match the set . 
brown and pinkish red . 
this was bought as a gift , but i 'm pretty sure the bed skirt , pillow shams and maybe a pillow came with the comforter . 
it is not heavy , it 's lightweight . i did make it through a harsh winter with it just fine . i 've had it for a year now and love it . the colors are beautiful . i 've had a little fading with washing , but not too bad . i 've had several compliments on it when friends tour the house . 
no , but the bright colors can be brought or muted depending on main room color . my daughter 's room is a salmon pink and this brings out the purples , pinks and blues in this set . the background color on this spread is a light beige , so it would work in a khaki-colored room . i 'm not sure what frost khaki is like , but i hope this helps . this really is a beautiful set . 
the king size quilt comes with king size pillow shams . 
steinmart ( sp ? ) sells this pattern . 
the quilt is actually 108 x 95 and fits well on my king size bed . the colors are bright and the weight is perfect for summer . 
yes . they are cute and tie in the back . 
it 's more raspberry . did n't hold color after a few washes . 
we use our set with a small ultralight camp stove . the camp stove is a backpacking model , so it is pretty small , although i do n't know for sure what size your stove is . 
teflon coated 
i purchased this set for our earthquake readiness box -- hey , we live in california ! fortunately we have not used it -- yet . the only mention of a manufacturer is sticker on the bottom of its carry bag that says neewer . nothing stamped on any of the pots themselves . if you are wondering -- it does not say made in america -- so i suspect that it is not ... 
frying pan is around 7 '' x 1.5 '' big pot is around 7 '' x 4 '' small pot is around 6 '' x 3 '' 
no idea ! ! ! 
the burr is not fastened at the bottom . the grind is controlled adjusted by a star wheel and spring steel keeper that moves the rotating burr into and out of the stationary burr . it works well and only took two attempts to get the grind to my liking . 
the grinder is metal . the metal container is sealed with a wooden top and a gasket which is probably neoprene . i have used the grinder every day for about a year . it still looks and works as well as the day i received it . 
i would say yes but i would also say that it 's a lot of work . i use it to grind coffee beans and it takes a good bit of time and effort . it works beautifully though . 
only if you have infinite patience . i 've taken to using mine as an art prop for my paintings . when i want coffee , i do n't want to wait for the vernal equinox . i use an electric spice grinder by hamilton beach . good luck 
if you are not using the grinder , you can put those little bags of silica that you get packaged with most electronics into the container . this will absorb the moisture that is causing the rust . for the existing rust you can use a wire brush to remove any surface rust , or you can use evaporust on a cloth to wipe on to the rusty areas . leave the evaporust on the rust for a few hours , then wipe off . clean the newly rust-free areas , then coat with a very light oil , like camelia ( tea seed ) or a very light food friendly oil . if you ever decide that you want to use the grinder , just wipe off any excess oil first . 
yes . ground size is widely adjustable . 
i think the box said china ( no markings on it otherwise ) . 
this grinder does grind your beans so that the powder substance can be used in the french press . 
it is large , standing 8 inches tall not including the handle . the stainless cylinder that contains the ground coffee is 5-1 2 inches high by nearly 4 inches in diameter . the hopper for the grinder on top holds beans for about 4 cups maximum , but of course you can refill the hopper and keep grinding until the cylinder is full . overall i find the capacity perfect . i use it with my french press and make coffee for two to four people at breakfast or after dinner . if it were much larger it would be difficult to hold as you grind . if you want a smaller one or if you want to do very fine espresso grinding then go for the turkish model that looks like a pepper grinder and just do a cup at a time . my friend has one of these and it also works well . 
i would say no . 
it picked up really well . unfortunately i found it way to hard to steer on thicker carpet . sent mine back . 
yes it happened to me once because i did n't properly lock the compartment holding the dirt . mine had many problems but i 'm pretty sure what you experienced is due to some part of the vacuum not being closed properly . 
yes there is a crevice tool and a brush i think.i have n't used it lately , to hard to push . 
only when it 's locked in the upright position . so if you want to de-tach the hose for stairs , just lock it first . ( yes i wish it had a button too , but with my luck the button would break in the `` off '' position ) 
yes , there is a seven inch height adjustment . 
yes , there is a brush height adjustment to clean carpets and bare floors . 
i ordered it , used it once , returned it . was the worst design of a vacuum ever ! sorry , ca n't answer your concern about voltage . i would suggest that you either return it if possible or give to charity . 
10 '' long 2 '' high . kind of small but works great for my two japanese knives i did n't want scratched by traditional magnetic racks 
i 'm not positive on terminology , but there are two deep cavities and slits bored into the back of the rack into which the hardware slides ( fat topped screws ) . 
i 'm not sure if command strips will be strong enough to hold this thing . the issue is that for the knives to attach and detach nicely the mount has to be firmly attached with no wiggle or play . i used 3m outdoor tape to attach mine which worked fine but that stuff is strong and difficult to remove so it might not be applicable for you . you might be able to put the large command strips across the entire length and make it work . also keep in mind the weight of the knives you are hanging . 
yes it should be 
yes , but the instructions are vague and the recipes are brief & useless . spray the inside of the mold ( both halves ) with cooking spray . fill the cups ( bottom half , without the holes ) about halfway . put the top half on , it should sort of snap into place . set it on a cookie sheet and bake it 12-15 minutes at whatever temp your recipe calls for . i think this is really designed to be used with box mixes . when you take it out of the oven , let it cool completely before taking out the cake balls . otherwise you get steam burns , the things fall apart , and all sorts of bad things happen . trust me , let them cool . then you can put your sticks in them and decorate them . 1 box mix fills the mold twice . 
1.5 '' diameter 
this mold apply to make the cake , bread , mousse , jelly , prepared food , chocolate , etc 
yes it is , but be very careful to follow the manufacturers directions . 
yes , i think they are good to up to 500 degrees.. work great.. i set mine on a cookie sheet to stabilize it . 
they do come out with a small ring around each.i remove the ring with a small knife . pops bake very quickly and are a bit on the small side , sso too are the sticks . 
the pans are approx 9 '' x 7 '' ( smaller than i had expected ) . but they work well , producing cake balls that are about the size of a doughnut hole . i can bake 4 pans ( on a large cookie sheet ) in my oven at one time . one tip is to only fill the outer mold holes on each tray for the first batch , then only the inner molds the second time . otherwise , the inner 6 molds on each tray do n't seem to get enough heat to fully rise . 
the package arrived from china . please wash very well when you receive it . 
where do you want to ship ? it generally takes about 7 to 15 days from china to us . 
i have only had to change the filter once so far , and it is easy . you just remove the front cover , pull the old one out ( have a trash bag handy because ours was gross and covered in dust ) . then pop in the new one . 
on it 's lowest fan setting it is very quiet . it has four speeds . we leave it on `` automatic '' in our living area and for the most part only the highest of the four speeds is really noticeable . we also purchased an alen paralda for our bedroom suite and leave that unit on the second lowest speed and it does not bother us at night . both units have clearly reduced dust in the air and mold issues are almost entirely eliminated . this is the first winter in years that i have not had to use a decongestant so i am pleased with the purchases . 
the standard filter is the one listed here : http : www.amazon.com alen-hepa-pure-bf35-replacement-breathesmart dp b00bwsb2p6 ref=pd_sim_hg_5 on the amazon page . the price is $ 64 for a replacement or even cheaper if you subscribe to a replacement plan . 
yes it will if you buy the alen bf 35 filter for it . it is not the stock filter that comes with the unit . i have had my air cleaner for two years , on 24 hours a day and love it . well worth the money . 
i could have dusted everyday before the air cleaner it 's a lot better i am going to purchase another for my main floor 
the unit figures that out for you depending upon how you use it and at what speed . my filters seem to last about 9 months or so . 
made in china 
the multiple-stage filtering system , the life of the motor , the amount of air the purifier can move and filter at once , the noise level . there are many reasons this purifier costs more initially than miami of the others available here . as someone who needs a purifier in each room for a child with severe medical complications , i 've done the searching , i 've purchased many , many inferior air purifiers , and without a doubt , the alen breathesmart is far and away the most effective . i also have two rabbitairs for the bedrooms because of their quality , size and noise level , but i will never go back to , or reccomend any lesser air purifier . i suggest looking at consumer reports and getting more detailed input , but the money you spend on a high quality filter makes it more than worth the investment in its longevity and consistently clean air . 
hard to say . 
alen brearhsmart does not emit ozone . it has been tested and is more than 100 % safe . your tv or microwave emits more ozone than this beneficial machine . air purifiers like all appliances emit some amount of ozone but this alen is one of the best . call them if your worrie , or get more info from their website . 
that 's hard to answer . it really depends on how dirty or clean your air is . the system tells you when it needs to be changed . i actually clean the charcoal filter several times before changing it . the other filters i only change once a year . i hope that helps . : ) 
we can ship this item to ca . thanks for your interest - bestdealsinc 
it uses two uv bulbs with an estimated lifespan of 2+ years . 
it does not indicate in the specifications , however it does have a hepa filter which will help eliminate the toxins from smoke . 
yes model # 8080 is printed on the box . 
yes i am using it on primo 5 gallon jugs . it will work on the 3 gal also . i have 2 now . one for work and one at home . 
it works just fine on mountain valley spring water 5 gallon bottles . 
you push it down and there is a rubber ring and a plastic screw like thing that tightens it down , so it can fit many sizes . the bottle does n't have to have threads . 
yes ... it has a very nice flow with decent pressure each pump . 
remember the neck of the bottle extends into the pump . my bottle is 19 1 4 '' tall and with the pump installed , the top of the pump bottle is 27 1 4 '' tall . the total additional height is 8 '' . 
just pumps it 
it will work with anything it fits on . theoretically , it should even work better with glass . 
it works for the 18.5l jugs that are 5.5 cm in diameter . 
it 's a pump , not a filter . 
yes , they all have flat tops so they can be used as cups . btw , some reviewers found it hard to read the measurement because it 's stamped on the inside and in the same color as the cup . if you turn the inside bottom toward the light source , the cup size can be seen clearly . i purchased the cups to give as a gift and treated myself to a set too , and i am glad that i did . they are not only useful , but look great on the counter . 
i use them for both . 
plastic . i bought two sets - one as a christmas gift and one for myself , so i handle the cups often and i 'm happy with them . 
yes 
dry 
my doors are 23 3 4 `` x 78 `` 
i have them and they stain fine . 
they are good just the way they are . 
yes and i love mine they are well made 
good afternoon , these doors are universal , as to say they can both be used on either side of the jamb that you are trying to fill . thanks aaron 
yes 
wood . 
good morning bonnie , there is only an upper track on the door . please let me know if you have any more questions ! i would be more than happy to help ! angie 
good morning bonnie , thanks for your message ! each door comes with its own track . so for example if you order 2 sets of 24 '' doors for a 48 '' closet , you will get 2 24 '' tracks . you can purchase a 48 '' track from a home improvement store , but unfortunately we do not sell them here . please let me know if we can help you with any more of your project ! thank you , angie 
they are solid wood . 
24 '' is one door ( two 12 '' panels that fold out to 24 '' ) . you would order two 24 '' for 48 '' opening . yes , they are solid wood . 
yes . but instructions had to be e-mailed to me . it also does n't provide a pin guide with roller like thousand other doors so if you are placing it somewhere that you need to remove one side ( such as an a c unit ) in order to pull the filter to clean it , suggest you go to hd or lowes and buy one from masonite or jeld-wen . there you can also return if you have issues . 
our doors were packaged very well , and arrived without damage in perfect condition . 
we do not have them in that size , sorry about that . thanks aaron 
hello , we only have bifold , sorry about that , i am not sure if you would be able to modify them or not . 
the bi-fold door comes in two sections , it would be half of your width . a 48in . width would be 2 24in . panels . 
yes if you are looking for privacy from prying eyes while holding a conversation . 
good afternoon , we do not have any doors that are the size of 80*48 , also , we are not able to cut down the doors at our facility as it would go against the warranty . sorry for any inconvenience , if you have anymore questions , feel free to ask ! thanks aaron 
yes 
good morning , at this time we are not able to provide custom heights . sorry for any inconvenience . thanks aaron 
it was one set ( 2 panels ) , 29 3 4 '' wide . 
it is a finished piece so i would n't cut it . you *could* cut from the bottom . i purposes this differently than as sold , so i ca n't answer the hardware question . 
yes 
sorry , i do n't know for sure , but doubtful . had to leave town to care for mother before my son stained and installed the doors , so have n't even yet seen them . i would contact the manufacturer if i were you . 
i do n't see how they can be cut . they are set up to install as is . 
yes . 
good morning , the doors are made out of taeda pine out of brazil . please let me know if you have any other questions . thank you 
yes ... . and the quality is very good ! 
no , they come in 24 '' or 30 '' 
thank you for your message charles , and i apologize for it taking me so long to respond to you ! unfortunately , we do not carry oak doors . however , our pine doors are beautiful , feel free to look at all the pictures we have of them ! thank you , angie 
good morning , thank you for your interest in our products ! we do not recommend that the sides of the doors be trimmed . please let me know if you have any other questions that i can help you with . thank you angie 
one bi-fold door ( you need to buy 2 to get what you see in the picture ) 
good afternoon , we do not have any other sizes then what we have listed , sorry about that . 
ordering 2 of these would fit a 60 inch door way , some people will buy and trim , but we would not be able to do anything for you if something were to go wrong . most people that try , do succeed . thanks 
good morning , yes we do have a few different styles of bi-folds , pleases check our page for all of the items that we carry ! 
yes on the bottom 
each door is 18 '' wide attached together with hinges that allows the two doors to open and close . the two doors equals 36 '' which is the door opening that the doors fit . please see the description . the two doors together are 1 '' thick x 36 '' wide x 80 '' high . fits 36 x 80 opening . 
yes 
yes they are 
they come already painted white.but you can paint it in any color you want.sand it a little before painting though 
that depends on what `` just under 36 '' means . the door should work well with openings as narrow as 35 5 8 '' . any narrower than that and you may have a hard time opening and closing the door , because the side with the pivot ( hinge ) could rub against the frame jamb when you try to swing it . if that happens , you could try rounding the edge of the door that is rubbing ( by using some sandpaper , or if you 're handy and have a small block plane , you could shave off the edge . hope that helps . good luck . 
doors are 1 '' thick 
yes 
they need staining . be sure to use a sealant and finish with a fine steel wool . good doors . 
each panel is 17 7 8 '' ( total width 35 3 4 '' ) so the manufacturer provides a 1 4 '' for the mounting hardware . if the opening is 36 '' , it will fit nicely . 
we do not , sorry about that . 
we do not . sorry about that . 
we do not , have a 72 inch bi-fold but ordering 2 36 inch doors would work , if thats may be a solution to your problem ! thanks aaron 
this would not be an option . 
mine came in two panels hinged together . i needed two sets for 6 foot wide closet door openings . these are better than home depot quality . 
you will have to cut them . you need about 1 2 '' to 3 4 '' clearance on each side and about an 1 '' top and bottom . be careful not to take too much off the panels or you cut into the pin holes . it is best to take more off at hinge area as there are no pin holes there . 
these doors come in 36 inches maximum width . that means only 72 inches fir two . i do not know of any that will fit a 90 inch opening . you will have to use some type of sliding door . 
the size of the pillow is exactly the same but the height of the pillow is different . i got the low profiles for my children and the high profile for my husband and self . the difference in height ? the low profile is between 3-4 inches and the high profile is between approx . 6-7inches ( i find this height great for side sleeping ) . the think i love about these pillows is the air holes - they breath and still hold their shape beautifully . the cover is also very good . i am considering purchasing some more for my guest room . i hope i have helped answer your question . 
i do n't have the actual measurements , since i 'm at work , but i can tell you that we purchased the ones advertised as full size . they do fit in a full size pillow case , but there is definitely not any additional space ( they fit snugly ) i can also tell you that they were a bit harder than we expected them to be , so be forewarned ... they may give you a neck ache if you sleep on your side much , since they do n't `` give '' in the middle . the ergonomic type may be a better choice . aside from those issues , the many tiny holes in the pillow allow good air cirulation and keep it cool . 'hope that answers your question . 
no . very comfortable . i tried one and finally ordered a second one . i got the high loft which was great . the low loft did not give enough support for me . felt like no pillow at all . 
i did n't have any problems with mine and i got one for me and 3 more for my grandchildren . 
: { when i got mine , i was expecting my low loft to rise up a bit after 48 hours but it stayed like 1 '' inch high . i believe the high loft is about 4 '' and the low is about 2 '' . there is something wrong with what i bought , but the return policies states , i will not get the full refund plus i have to pay shipping . oh well . they got me there . 
i think so . we just bought a normal pillow top full size mattress to go with it . you wo n't need a box spring . 
they are in 3 big boxes , will be delivered by a freight company 
it arrived in 3 large boxes on a pallet . the largest pieces are pre-assembled in the boxes but then they must be joined together . i would say it 's a two person job as the pieces are quite large and heavy to position . 
thank you for your interest in our product . here is the same bed in twin size http : www.amazon.com jura-white-finish-bookcase-twin dp b00aq2985u ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1401200345 & sr=1-1 & keywords=jura+off+white+finish+bookcase+twin+size+day+bed thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item you are inquiry for is full size bed as the tittle stated . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product , for this particular furniture , it is made of veneer . 
no 
they pull out easy . 
no it does n't . 
yes the top tray is sold separately however i did not buy it . 
i did n't receive the lid 
no 
the dimensions are 11 '' x 11 '' x 20 '' 
thank you for your question . sorry for this to take so long . unfortunately crystal knobs are not available as these items raise the price and can come off easily . also , it does not come with a lid . our 4-drawer display does come with a lid and its just as beautiful . 
please call us . 
20 inches 
did on my bed . 
i 'm not sure . it fit king duvet perfectly . it 's warm and looks beautiful ! 
goes into a duvet , but i just use it under my quilt as is ... it 's very warm and cozy . 
yes ! fluffy and awesome ! 
inside filled 
in my opinion the fill power is a 10 , it will fill your duvet and even after it has been washed will still have the same quality to refill another duvet 
unknown but it feels very soft , its very warm , made well . 
polyester 
not sure about the thread count but a high quality item worth the money . 
about 2 1 2 gal . per side . 
it 's 110 
make sure u have the screen in front of the drain.when u ready to drain the oil . make sure power is off & the heating element is on upward position & then u can take the screen off and turn the faucet to open position 
yes standard 110 
it work very good better then the store ones . the cleaning a little hard it fryes nice and even 
we never cooked anything that needed that high temp . it did consistently reach 375 degrees . the cooker quit working after a few months so we had to get another fryer from a different company . needless to say , we were not real pleased with the fryer . 
3000w 
the brand name is generic brand 
i got mine fully put together . out of box so all . i really did was pull off the plastic and pluged it in 
7.75 '' w x 8.5 '' l x 4 '' d 
yes , you can . you can buy a re-usable k-cup and put any kind of ground coffee or tea into it that you want . 
yes 
yes . it will . mine does . 
theres a small stationary pin at the top and another small pin on the bottom , where your k-cup go 's , if you can not see them both , yours may be broken . 
yes , once the water reserve heats . you will get a good hot cup quickly after putting the pod in and pushing the button . i set my machine to automatically shut off after 2 hours . if i want another cup later i have to wait for the reserve to heat again before i can start again . hope this helps . 
keurig box inside a shipping box 
i do n't empty mine . i just leave it the way it is . no issues here . 
coffee strength has been just fine for me , as long as i use the coffee purchased in the keurig cups . however , whenever i use the filters that allow me to brew my own coffee grounds ( whether keurig 's own filter or another brand of filter ) , i get nothing but lightly colored water , which is pretty disappointing , because it forces me to buy the more expensive coffee in the keurig cups . if i 'm using the filters incorrectly , i do n't know what it is . i 've read comments from others who had the same result . those filters must work for some ; otherwise , they probably would n't be on the market . maybe it has to do with how fine or coarse the grind is . but if you use the coffee sold in the keurig cups , i think you 'll find the strength of the coffee to be very good . 
if you use bottled water or filtered water you do n't need the filter . 
on this particular one yes . it is the 2.0 that you can only use keurig 
yes , and there are plastic cups found in the coffee isles in most supermarkets . the cups are designed to go into the keurig achines . i do n't care for them because they are a pain to clean as you have to get the grounds out of these cups to reuse the cups again . not a big deal , but there you are . 
http : kitchen.manualsonline.com manuals mfg keurig_inc b60_1_2.html ? idres=86967 . this is a link for a .pdf manual for a k-60 brewer , but the temp . adjustments are the same as the k-65 . just copy and paste the address to your web browser . by the way , 192 degrees is the default and it 's the highest temp it will go . you can only adjust it down . good luck.. 
yes , the k-cup has a fixed amount of coffee grounds in it so the strength is determined by cup size . 
i use a starbucks tall 12 oz cup with my keurig on a regular basis . yoy just have to take out the tray you usually would normally put a cup on . 
i do n't think so , but you can set it up so you only need to push a button and you have great coffee in about one minute . i think it 's fabulous..i used to do the automatic thing but this is better coffee and no fuss or mess . 
the max temp setting , ( default ) , is 192 degrees . you can adjust it down to 187 , minimum , so you have 5 degrees to work with . also , do n't overlook the automatic on off settings you can set . no sense to leave it on all the time if you are away all day . when the on time kicks in , it only takes a couple minutes before it 's ready to brew , then shuts down at the time you specify . if your home and the unit is off all you have to do is turn it on for a quick brew . good luck . 
it 's a small mesh covered charcoal filter that fits very easily at the bottom of the water reservoir . you 're supposed to change it every 2-3 mos . we have n't done done so yet because it 's brand new . 
yes , yes you can . there is a menu setting on the keurig that lets you set it up at a specific time you want it to be on so right before you wake up you get your cup of coffee in the morning . 
with the brew temp set at the default ( 192 degrees f ) a medium size cup takes 1 minute and 7 seconds . there are three cup sizes so naturally it would take slightly less time for the smaller cup and more for the larger cup . 
i have a 6 '' tall travel mug that fits if you remove the base that the cup sits on 
white . very nice . 
sorry , i do n't know if they do or not . it was not part of this set . the comforter set is gorgeous though . got it for our guest room and have received many compliments ! 
i guess so . 
hello- thank you for your e-mail . you can view the picture in a larger size by going directly , to designer living at www.designerliving.com . just click on the image and the size will increase . sincerely , helita designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 www.designerliving.com 
no it is a beautiful deep blue . 
silicone rubber , yes flexible to a point ( sorry for the pun ) ... the stopper actually can be unscrewed to take apart for cleaning . the top half is rigid plastic , the bottom is flexible to seal the neck of the bottle . the stoppers have held up well and i still recommend them . 
yes they do ... ... also on wine coolers and soda bottles of all sizes ... ..love them ... ..very versatile ... ... they are rubbery so you just push them in as far as you need to to make them fit . hope this helps ! 
actually it may be a good idea to use it without the top . with the top on it absolutely does not stay on . 
from top to bottom : 5 1 4 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 7 3 4 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 10 1 2 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 13 3 4 '' without backsplash ( this is the top of the drawer ) . i love this shelf ! 
the draws are not deep enough for a 8x10 file folder . they are only about 5 inches deep . 
12.5 inches 
yes 
25 1 2 '' 
it 's 23 '' inside the frame but total width is approximately 25 3 4 '' . 
i have n't used it for dvd 's but i did size it for you and depending on how you set it in the drawers you can set about 56 vertical+ horizontal and 51 horizontal+ veritcal per drawer . both ways you have a little space to put something else . i hope this helped . 
it has the illusion that it 's leaning , but all the weight is held by the legs . it does n't need a wall or anything . 
yes if you put that in the lower..that could be worked 
yes it will be a good match . i have the billy bookcases from ikea and it matches perfectly . hope this helps . 
i still have mine and scanned in the few pages . do n't post your email ... ..here is a link to download from my drop box account . just let me know if it worked for you : https : dl.dropboxusercontent.com u 29094981 kamenstein.pdf 
did you save the one page paper that came in the package ? that is the kamenstein instructions for use . there is information there for all facets of the scale . battery - how to operate 'zero & tare ' functions - auto & manual shutoff - warning indicators - etc . here 's the short of it ~ maximum weight 11 lb . 1. if using a bowl , place it on the scale before turning the unit on . 2. press the on off button & wait till the '0 ' appears before weighing anything . to convert weight units press the unit button to covert between standard ( pounds - ounces ) and metric ( kilograms - grams ) systems during the course of weighing 'zero ' & 'tare ' functions use these to weigh different loads consecutively without removing the loads from the scale . zero function this function operates when the total sum of all loads on the scale is 7 ounces or less . each time the z t button is pressed , the lcd will reset to '0 ' and an 'o ' icon will show in the lower left corner of the lcd . to use & gt ; 1. put the first load on the scale and get the weight reading . & gt ; 2. press the z t button to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 3. repeat steps 1 & 2 as necessary . tare function this function operates when the total sum of all the loads on the scale is 7 ounces or more . each time the z t button is pressed , the lcd will reset to '0 ' and a 'tare ' icon will show in the upper left corner . to use & gt ; 1. put the first load on the scale and get the weight reading . & gt ; 2. press the z t button to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 3. place the second load on the scale and get the weight reading for this load only . & gt ; 4. press the z t button to see the total weight of all loads on the scale & gt ; 5. press the z t button again to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 6. repeat steps 1-5 as necessary , up to the scales maximum weight capacity . auto shutoff the scale will automatically shut off after 2 minutes of inactivity manual shutoff press the on off button warning indicators lo - low battery err - scale maximum weight has been exceeded . icon indicators tare ~ tare weight - ~ negative value o ~ zero weight lb ~ pounds oz ~ ounces g ~ grams kg ~ kilograms the above information is from the page that came with the scale additional information ~ 1 kilogram is 1,000 grams 1 kilogram is 1 liter of water 1 kilogram is 2.20462262 lbs 1 gram is .0352 oz 7.1 grams is 1 4 of an oz ( 0.25 ) hope this helps . 
hi natalie , i have purchased 11 of these scales between amazon and costco for commercial use , i have had one that has done the same thing . it is a defective scale , return it . 
press the `` unit '' button . it will change to ounces in one or two clicks . 
i am not sure why this is happening but i would remove battery , wait a minute , replace and turn on again . this has resolved issues for me on the past . 
my scale uses regular 9v battery ! 
no , itchy & rough . 
no they did n't 
my mattress is 8 inches thick and this fitted sheet works perfect . 
unfortunately not without a separate timer on the plug . it is a very simple design , no frills . it weighs two or three times what a normal machine does , i believe because of the heating unit . but it is a simple on off toggle switch . 
i rinse in warm water . the glass lining should be impervious to the coffee oils lingering as might be with stainless . it would not hurt to use a soft sponge on a stick to clean occasionally if you wish . 
30 '' . if you need to use xcord , make sure it is the same gauge . superb coffe maker . start with dunkin donut regular 
no 
no i believe it 's italian . web will tell you 
not sure . have you considered alternatives ? the quality of coffee really decreases after holding for 30min . i suggest brewing no more than you can drink in 30min . if you need to hold warm for 30min , i would brew into any glass pot and immediately transfer to an airpot . airpots can be cheap . 
a scoop of coffee is about 1 tablespoon . you need to use much more coffee then you have described . i use 3 cups of water using a measuring cup ( which is a bit more than the 4 cup mark on the bonavita ) and six scoops of coffee . i had to play around with it some and it does change a little depending on what roast i 'm using . enjoy ! 
maybe the shower head is clogged ? you ca n't really adjust the drip speed . and mine makes perfect coffee , the grounds being thoroughly soaked . try to remove and thoroughly clean and rinse all the parts you can safely get to ( shower head , riser , etc ) . maybe if it 's partially clogged that will remove the debris . also they make cleaning tabs for coffee pots . maybe run a few carafes of water with the cleaner . 
i 'm not sure it 's been awhile since i bought it . it takes cone shaped filters . but the best coffee maker i ever bought , makes great coffee simply and that 's it . i bought one for my parent and they love it . 
i bought the shower curtain a few months ago and just love it.. as far as accessories , i have not been able to find any that are just for this curtain.. i purchased some silver blingy one 's and they go great ! hope that helps ! have a great day and god bless 
the shower curtain is a work of art , i 'm sure the dark purple rug will look just fine 
i found what i believe are the accessories at the following amazon page but there are no pictures ... http : www.amazon.com dp b00hfxo0ow ref=twister_b00hhgzlli 
the swag valance comes with it ... it runs through loops on the curtain , so it stays in place.. 
hi jodi ' i measured 33 ' counting the top counter . the towel holder is not removable , but you could simply not install it when assembling . there would be two small holes exposed that you could fill with some wood putty . the counter top is approximately 28 1 2 '' wide . hope this answers your questions . 
it is finished with a clear gloss finish . it is not porous . 
10 '' x 10 1 2 '' 
28 '' w ( add 3 1 2 '' for handle ) x 15 '' deep x 33 '' high 
not sure but its a light cart and i use it as a side cart . its not sturdy enough to be used for a center island . 
there is room for it to be there but there would have to be some holes drilled or something . i ca n't tell how the towel bar was attached so i ca n't totally say it can be . my son put it together for me and i have no idea how it goes together . 
i would n't recommend it for that purpose . we use it for storage and as a stand for our waffle maker and sandwich press , or for a place to put the crock pot when in use . i love the cart because it gave us extra counter space but it is in no way shape or form sturdy enough for something that powerful . hope that answered your question . 
we gave it as a gift so i do n't have it here . it 's about15 '' from the floor . they are very light duty , ok for a small micorwave and some odds and ends . i would n't buy again . 
i bought it for my son 's 1st apt . it has two drawers , kitchen towel rack on the side , but we also put his microwave on top because he has no counter space . it is on wheels , and although it is n't the strongest piece of furniture , it is adequate for small things and his microwave . 
dont think so ... i dont have a microwave but it seems too small for that . 
small end ... 1 '' large end ... 1 3 4 '' 
i 'm not sure what the official weight limit is but i 've got all my heavy pans hanging from them . probably 15 pounds or so ? 
sorry for the delay . yes it will . 
i think so , but i really ca n't remember . if the site does n't say so they are probably not . a lorenzo 
yes 
i have used them in the microwave but not the freezer . 
unknown 
have no idea what bph is , contact the manufacturer or seller . 
i would guess that they 're comparable . this one is $ 5 less expensive though . i can tell you i use my prochef multiple times a day and am very happy with the quality for the price . i 've had $ 30 scales in the past that have gone glitchy quickly with my excessive use . 
it does measure precisely . my iphone is 5.85 ounces with the case on , to give you an example . 
the description says : 4 measurement units : g oz kg lbs 
it can give you the weight of your package or envelope . 
not necessary . comes pre-calibrated . you get to pick between 4 weights : g , kg , oz , and one other that i ca n't remember ( but description lists them all ) . 
i would guess that they 're comparable . this one is $ 5 less expensive though . i can tell you i use my prochef multiple times a day and am very happy with the quality for the price . i 've had $ 30 scales in the past that have gone glitchy quickly with my excessive use . 
it does measure precisely . my iphone is 5.85 ounces with the case on , to give you an example . 
the description says : 4 measurement units : g oz kg lbs 
it can give you the weight of your package or envelope . 
not necessary . comes pre-calibrated . you get to pick between 4 weights : g , kg , oz , and one other that i ca n't remember ( but description lists them all ) . 
around 1 2 '' per side . 
they are made from soap stone , a rock with a talcum feel . they will not shatter , but they do impart a milky talcum into the liquid with little flecks of soap stone chipped from the edges of the cubes . ( i just tried shaking them in water in my cocktail shaker ) . therefore it is not a good idea to use these in a shaker . 
you freeze them first 
i 'm sure you could . just know that they really do n't make the drink cold . 
not at all , we have used the stones in thick glass and thin -- and we have never had a problem with scratching . 
i would like a proper answer to this question . i have n't bought these yet , but i know that soap stones are not always made in the usa because two other brands of whisky chilling rocks made out of soap stone i found on amazon are made in china . 
yes , very light laquer coating 
it would take about 8-9 days to receive once you order 
yes . where is the connecting plastic piece ? 
no.that is a cooker , not freezer . and rice turn into bad before it getting smelly . 
nope . if you are using it in the us , you do n't need anything else . it plugs right into the wall and works well ! 
hello ... it does not support 220 , but it is well worth the cost of a transformer . 
no it does n't come with detachable inner lid . only hs and hv models no english translation . 
the buttons are in english . 
yes , this is a rice cooker as well . 
this model only comes with black and silver shown in picture . thank you . 
it has keep-warm function , but does n't have `` reheat '' . 
it plugs in and does n't have a very long cord , maybe 3 feet . it has a lot of power so make sure you are holding onto the glass or bowl and it is also somewhat top heavy and will tip over quite easily as my husband found out . hope this helps . 
the manufacturer 's ; 1 yr 
you can check the dimensions for the total dimensions of the unit in the product specifications listed on amazon . the most important measurement is of the mixing device , from the seam to the bottom , which is 5.75 inches . i 've been using my smart stick for almost two years and use it for pureeing most everything , but have never thought of it for mixing peanut butter . to answer your question , yes ; it will reach the bottom of your peanut butter jar . i 'm a minimalist who does n't often purchase kitchen gadgets , but i 'm hooked on this device and have purchased one for numerous family members and friends . 
the actual metal shaft is 6 '' , and is just shy of 8 '' to the very top that attaches to the motor ! ! i love mine . use it almost daily ! ! 
the metal shaft , including the guard over the blade is 5 and 7 8 inches long . 
it ; s great for mayonnaise - use the container that comes with it 
yes 
hi , no it 's not dual voltage like almost all appliances . 
110 
on the product itself it says `` made in china '' . 
it has a cord no battery option . 
i just whipped up a cake last week using this and it worked fine . it was a boxed mix . be sure to scape the bowl to get well mixed . 
yes it would work if there is some liquid with the beans . the beauty of an immersion blender is that you can attack the entire amount right in the pan . just move the blender around the pan . 
i have n't tried grinding meat yet , just soups , and barbecue sauces , which it has worked great on . 
yes , there is a 2-cup measuring cup . i did n't need anything more ( have enough `` stuff '' as it is . ) love this stick , though . so easy to use with great performance . 
yes . this comes with a limited 3-year warranty . 
yes it does , much easier than large bulky mixers . you will love it . just do n't bog it down . 
wondering the same thing ? does it still have the cheap plastic gear that breaks or has it been updated ? 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
yes , it has a 5-foot electrical cord leading from the back edge of the top of the handle . 
first of all , i believe you have the model numbers reversed . secondly , the answer is yes . thirdly , the plastic gear appears to be husky enough . fourthly , i think the trick is not to overload the blender . 
first of all , stainless steel pots can handle stirring with metal spoons and spatulas - this is even less abrasive than that . the cowl that surrounds the blades of the blender is what comes in contact with the pot . the edges are rounded and wo n't mar or scratch the pan . this is an amazing tool and i ca n't imagine not having one in my kitchen . good luck ! 
yes and yes . it makes whipped cream faster and thicker than anything i 've ever used . 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
i do n't think i would ever use a whisk ... and i use this thing for a lot of stuff . i make protein drink smoothies , even with ice , although i 've heard that crushing ice may shorten the life of the blender . i make salad dressings and puree my husband 's soups right in his soup mug . i 've mashed potatoes with it , but i like my potatoes pretty stiff and it labored a bit with that job . it 's not an all-purpose tool , it 's great at what it does , but i still need a mixer . but ... probably not a stand blender . i love it cuz i can zoom together my protein drink , whir it around in a mug with a little soapy water in it , run it under the faucet , and it goes back in the drawer . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
yes , it has a 5-foot electrical cord leading from the back edge of the top of the handle . 
first of all , i believe you have the model numbers reversed . secondly , the answer is yes . thirdly , the plastic gear appears to be husky enough . fourthly , i think the trick is not to overload the blender . 
first of all , stainless steel pots can handle stirring with metal spoons and spatulas - this is even less abrasive than that . the cowl that surrounds the blades of the blender is what comes in contact with the pot . the edges are rounded and wo n't mar or scratch the pan . this is an amazing tool and i ca n't imagine not having one in my kitchen . good luck ! 
yes and yes . it makes whipped cream faster and thicker than anything i 've ever used . 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
i do n't think i would ever use a whisk ... and i use this thing for a lot of stuff . i make protein drink smoothies , even with ice , although i 've heard that crushing ice may shorten the life of the blender . i make salad dressings and puree my husband 's soups right in his soup mug . i 've mashed potatoes with it , but i like my potatoes pretty stiff and it labored a bit with that job . it 's not an all-purpose tool , it 's great at what it does , but i still need a mixer . but ... probably not a stand blender . i love it cuz i can zoom together my protein drink , whir it around in a mug with a little soapy water in it , run it under the faucet , and it goes back in the drawer . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
yes , it has a 5-foot electrical cord leading from the back edge of the top of the handle . 
first of all , i believe you have the model numbers reversed . secondly , the answer is yes . thirdly , the plastic gear appears to be husky enough . fourthly , i think the trick is not to overload the blender . 
first of all , stainless steel pots can handle stirring with metal spoons and spatulas - this is even less abrasive than that . the cowl that surrounds the blades of the blender is what comes in contact with the pot . the edges are rounded and wo n't mar or scratch the pan . this is an amazing tool and i ca n't imagine not having one in my kitchen . good luck ! 
yes and yes . it makes whipped cream faster and thicker than anything i 've ever used . 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
i do n't think i would ever use a whisk ... and i use this thing for a lot of stuff . i make protein drink smoothies , even with ice , although i 've heard that crushing ice may shorten the life of the blender . i make salad dressings and puree my husband 's soups right in his soup mug . i 've mashed potatoes with it , but i like my potatoes pretty stiff and it labored a bit with that job . it 's not an all-purpose tool , it 's great at what it does , but i still need a mixer . but ... probably not a stand blender . i love it cuz i can zoom together my protein drink , whir it around in a mug with a little soapy water in it , run it under the faucet , and it goes back in the drawer . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
yes , it has a 5-foot electrical cord leading from the back edge of the top of the handle . 
first of all , i believe you have the model numbers reversed . secondly , the answer is yes . thirdly , the plastic gear appears to be husky enough . fourthly , i think the trick is not to overload the blender . 
first of all , stainless steel pots can handle stirring with metal spoons and spatulas - this is even less abrasive than that . the cowl that surrounds the blades of the blender is what comes in contact with the pot . the edges are rounded and wo n't mar or scratch the pan . this is an amazing tool and i ca n't imagine not having one in my kitchen . good luck ! 
yes and yes . it makes whipped cream faster and thicker than anything i 've ever used . 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
i do n't think i would ever use a whisk ... and i use this thing for a lot of stuff . i make protein drink smoothies , even with ice , although i 've heard that crushing ice may shorten the life of the blender . i make salad dressings and puree my husband 's soups right in his soup mug . i 've mashed potatoes with it , but i like my potatoes pretty stiff and it labored a bit with that job . it 's not an all-purpose tool , it 's great at what it does , but i still need a mixer . but ... probably not a stand blender . i love it cuz i can zoom together my protein drink , whir it around in a mug with a little soapy water in it , run it under the faucet , and it goes back in the drawer . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes 
no 
i have used it in a stock pot to blend soup . but i tried it in a 2 cup pyrex measuring cup with just a little bit of liquid in it and it splattered everywhere . 
the blade is recessed so that would not scratch a smooth surface . however , the outer metal circle does vibrate a bit and sounds like it is scratching the pot while it is on , if i let it hit the bottom of the pot . it 's not necessary to touch the bottom of the pot and i 've used it on non-stick surfaces and have n't had a problem , but have n't inspected closely . 
yes , limited three-warranty 
i am sorry i am not a coffee drinker so i have not tried it but according to cuisinart 's instruction booklet it is perfect for frothing milk for lattes . 
mashing potatoes is easy with this . i also often puree cauliflower with this . 
it should be okay . it gets quite narrow where the power button is , so you should be fine . 
the whole bottom half is stainless steel . 
i do n't see why not 
i would be concerned due to the nylon gearing . it may tell you can but looking at reviews prior to my purchase , i do not believe ita the best choice . 
approximately , 15 by 15 inches , give or take an inch . 
yes 
as far as i know , this is the largest size that offers the chop and pour function . 
this is one item that does appear smaller in photos but actually is 15x15 . i like it . 
the mfr info plate ( on bottom of unit ) says 1200 watts . the mfr preset the temp and supplied red ( heating ) and green ( at preset temp ) lights . the supplied book tells all you need to know to operate it safely . it also has more than several recipes that provide guidance concerning cooking time and ingredient choices and parameters . this device makes nice toasted sandwiches and grills a nice ribeye steak . i even use it to toast fresh corn tortillas that are low salt . i crumble them and add them to a salad or just eat as a snack . the comments i have read on the web about the `` older brother model '' gr-1 said it was a reliable and simple-to-operate device . the gr-11 has been the same for me . the gr-11 also has a couple of improvements the gr-1 owners wanted : removable grill plates and adjustable front legs . i am also impressed with the non-stick quality of the grill plates . i prefer olive oil ( or butter ) only on the inside of my panini , and the gr-11 gives it to me that way without sticking . it is not a magic instrument ; the laws of physics and chemistry , and using common sense still apply . for instance , putting a skinny soft slice of bread between two grill plates will turn out a flat toasted item . it may not be what you hoped for . also , since the temp is preset , cooking time is a variable to determine . a time piece with a second hand and some experimenting has worked well for me . i hope my comments are useful . 
yes 
it does n't look like it . in my paperwork that came with this i see an option to buy replacement grill plates and a few other parts but no waffle plates ... .would be a good idea for them to offer it though . 
it rests on whatever you are cooking and makes grill marks . i leave it one way for a minute or so and then turn it to get a checkerboard pattern . 
yes 
both plates are ridged . food comes out with griddle marks on both sides . 
why do people comment when they do n't have an answer to the ladies question . this is true on a lot of questions . 
u t seems like the problem is still exist . after i remove the plate for cleaning . it seems to be impossible to get it fit back in perfectly like it was . especiallt the bottom plate . i am quite disappointed with their craftmanship.. 
you definitely need to defrost it , just because of the amount of water in a frozen chicken breast . 
no 
no , but its very easy to clean with the removable bottom tray . 
i just got the same toaster oven . my oven does the exact same thing . i 'm not happy that i need to put some type of light source by the oven so i can see the clock and timer . 
150 degrees is the temp both the convection and regular baking setting begin at . i love this appliance and use it multiple times a day . it 's too hot in fl . to heat up a large oven so this is my go to appliance . ribs , meatloaf , anything that the crock slow cooker ca n't do goes into this oven . it 's also our toaster for daily use . 
hi - its clear glass , but no light inside . 
about 11 `` 
i assume you mean 3 split muffins - probably not . also , i 've never toasted white bread but other toast comes out fine . and there are 2 buttons - one to bake and one for convection baking . 
listing says : 17.5 x 15.5 x 9.8 inches ; 13.5 pounds i measure 18d x 19w x 9.75h . inside is 6.25h x 12w x 11.5d . that includes handles and everything . 
i have no idea . i suppose i should . i did n't even know it was non-stick . interior ? the whole unit appears to be stainless . i am used to non-stick being black , like teflon . 
stainless steel 
there is temp selections above the toast option 
i called cuisinart two months ago to ask the very same question . two of the customer representatives could not answer my question , but promised a technician would get back to me within two days . i 'm still waiting for that call . in the meantime , i can say that we really have enjoyed making yogurt with this machine , and that it must be fermenting at the right temperature as the yogurt consistently comes out creamy and delicious . we 've tried making it several ways , but have had the best success with boiling the milk first ( to 180 degrees ) , then having it sit until it cools to about 110 degrees . we then add 1 4 cup of organic yogurt before pouring it into the plastic container which is placed into the machine to ferment for 8 hours ( you can choose the number of hours based on your taste ) . what this machine offers that you can not currently get from the other yogurt makers , is the convenience of having the fermentation process shut off automatically at a chosen time ( 8 hours in our case ) and then having it switch to a cooling chill setting . i 've looked at several other methods of making yogurt , and found this to be the most convenient for us . knowing that i can make yogurt at any time of the day evening , and not worry about having to get up in the middle of the night to move it from a warming pad or warming machine to the refrigerator so not to over-ferment the yogurt , was the major reason i chose this machine . i can go to work and know that no matter how late i return , i will have fresh , delicious yogurt waiting for me in the machine , as the cooling setting stays on until you unplug the machine from the wall . i highly recommend this yogurt maker . 
you need to heat the milk on stove first . i tried my second batch with plain fage greek yogurt.i warm the milk as recommended . turn out very well . i set the temp.to 7 hours . it is very simple to use.great machine . i would recommended this machine.it is easy to use . 
yes . just set the timer for a shorter time . 
it is plastic 
i always heat the milk first . it quickly kills the other bacteria in the milk and allows the bacteria you introduce with the starter material to work properly and more quickly 
yogurt naturally has whey in it . whey is a slightly yellow , watery liquid . you control the thickness of yogurt by the amount of whey liquid it has . when you make homemade , natural yogurt , it is about as thick as most store bought yogurts ( non-greek style ) . to increase the thickness you would strain out some whey liquid . i do this by using the cuisipro donvier yogurt cheese maker , which is just a small plastic box containing another box inside which has a metal screen for a bottom . i put the yogurt that i made in the cym-100 into the yogurt cheese maker and put that into the fridge for 1 hour . when i take it out i have super thick yogurt in the inner box and whey liquid in the bottom of the outer box ( which i pour out ) . greek yogurt is just super-thick yogurt . using this strainer i can make yogurt that is thicker than any greek yogurt that you can buy in the store . i luvluvluv the yogurt that the cym-100 and the yogurt cheese maker create ( and i *do* like it thick ) . just google `` how to make greek yogurt '' for a lot more info . 
the container that holds the yogurt is polypropylene . pp or plastic # 5. the good housekeeping web site lists glass and pp as bpa free for baby bottles . 
home depot rates it as 40 watts , however , they are also charging $ 250 ! i have also seen 65 watts quoted but i could n't find the link . i think you will be safe with 65 watts . great for boats and rvs as it should run off an inverter . 
it may be difficult to find another one that fits well inside with the heating cooling element . it 's an odd shape . 
yes it does ! i use my yogurt maker twice a week and it 's fantastic ! nothing beats homemade yogurt ! ! 
double-edged . 
i think it 's made in the us by a company that makes mobile homes . read all the reviews i think one of them answers that question . no country of origin info anywhere so it must be made in the us . the 8 inch chef knife is also a real gem and i tend to use it more and reserve the santoku for veg . 
yes . 
no . 
inside dimensions are 11 1 2 inches high , 17 inches wide and 12 inches deep . there are heating elements on top & bottom . bottom rack sits on top of bottom heating element which is 1 1 2 inches from floor leaving 9 1 2 inches to top heating element . the top rack is 5 inches from the top . i hope this information helps 
the oven takes about 13 minutes to reach 450-500 degrees . 
that 's a really good question ! for the exterior , i 've been using `` stainless steel cleaner '' ( a special spray that comes in a can ) . i have not decided what to do about the interior yet . the interior gets very small splatters from using the rotisserie . the interior also appears to be stainless steel , but i 'm hesitant to use the same cleaner because it appears to be a slightly different material than the exterior . i 'm not sure if the manual said . 
the manual states 4 inches between the top and one half inch between sides . 
as long as the pizza is no larger that 12 inches . 
i 'm extremely happy with this oven , however , in the instructions it states it should not be built in as it needs to be freestanding with air around it . it is amazing unit but do n't install inside cupboard would be my advice . 
the increments are not `` clicks '' or `` set positions '' , the dial turns freely . 
yes , we have ours on a 15 amp breaker without a problem . just do n't share it with a toaster or other appliance . 
yes , the fan is pretty loud . i do n't mind it because i have the oven on a stand in my basement and use it as a supplemental oven . 
yes it is an excellent oven that cooks and bakes real well i have not had a heat issue and i have baked at 400 for 1 hour i broil and top brown all the time it is excellent for roasting all meats and poultry it also has a rotisserie that will handle one large chicken duck or goose or two small to medium ones . i have not tried the rotisserie but i am sure it will perform great . i have it on my counter . i baked some lamb at 400 and it cooked excellent in 30 minutes . 
the seat dimensions are : 22 '' w x 23 '' d x 21 '' h. although the chair will support a person at 400 lbs. , i believe the width ( 22 '' ) may be too narrow . i would suggest looking at the lane stallion 1407. the seat on that chair is 25 '' wide . you can do a search for any of these numbers and it will show you a lane stallion recliner . the numbers are b00aqlj7kw or b008u75jba or b008u75iaw . 
the fabric is called scrumptious almond . it is a very soft synthetic material made of 100 % polyester . durable , easy to clean , and stain resistant . up close it has a leather-like pattern . if you will email us we 'll be happy to send you a close up photo . 
about twenty inches off the floor im 6'4 '' tall when i sit back in the seat my chair is a rocker recliner my feet are a couple inches off the floor because the chair rocks back but when i go to get out my feet are flat on the floor . 
72 '' x 84 '' 
no i do n't . it did bother me for a couple of days , but the smell went away and now i do n't notice it . 
my waterbed mattress is working fine . it 's a little thinner that the mattress i replaced . the mattress measures 7 feet by 6 feet by 8 inches deep equals 84 inches by 72 inches by 8 inches equals 84x72x8= 48384 cubic inches now convert cubic inches to gallons . there are about 231 cubic inches in a gallon so 48384 231=209.5 gallons 209.5 gallons * 8.34 pounds per gallon = 1747 pounds of water , not counting the weight of the bed frame . 
i 'm sorry but i was n't home when the shipment came and my husband had it opened before i got home ! ! 
i bought a liner also because ours was shot . if you have a liner in good shape you are fine . i always use a liner . if you do n't then its your call . 
no idea 
it is folded up pretty small , but heavy , in fact we put warm water in it from our washer spigot so we could get the creases out . also , since we had to install it in the dead of winter we were able to sleep on it right away . 
the cal king is longer , i forget how much , 6 or 12 inches . this is a normal king size . 
i do not know . 
the length was fine for my sofa bed . it stays on good too because of the way the corners are sewn into pockets . 
the mattress pad is normal thickness . i hope this helps your decision . 
yes 
not more than a quarter of an inch 
we only use the sleeper sofa for guests so we remove the topper and put it back in the box when not using the bed . our recent guests raved about the comfort , so we were very pleased . it did not move once secured with sheets . 
my queen sheets still fit 
not automatic ; there 's a little switch accessible from the bottom , that you 'd use a small slotted screwdriver ( or maybe a tiny key ? ) to move to either voltage . it 's small -- wear your glasses , if you have 'em . for myself , i 'm glad it is a bit of a bother to do it , since i do n't want it to un-adjust by accident . my guess is an auto-adjust feature , in addition to being risky to depend on at odd times , would raise the price above what i 'd prefer to pay . hope this helps your decision . 
6 1 2 inches tall and 5 3 4 inches across at the widest point 
both -- steel bottom , plastic sides 
18.6 ounces including the 120v adapter plug when empty . 
yes , a usa adapter plug fits over the european plug . it is important to switch the setting on the bottom from 220 to 110 when using in the usa . i have used this in china , singapore , malaysia , spain , and the usa . 
production facility in shenzhen , china . the company 's headquarters are located in sundern , german . 
the base of the inside is metal but the sides are plastic . 
i timed , it but i do n't remember now maybe around 4 to 4 1 2 minutes , but as one who uses a lot of hot pots both in the country and out , it boils pretty quickly . us wattage was pretty good . i think it is well made and has a switch on bottom for changing voltage , just a little hard to see . my only complaint is it is a little smaller than the bodum pot that we replace with this new one , since it broke , but it is a good all around choice other than that . 
dimensions : 7 '' high , 6 '' wide ( including handle ) , it will stow in a carryon bag . cups fit inside . it takes about 15-20 minutes to heat water to maximum temperature . works well for what it does . comes with ac adaptor plug for use in north america . 
i think it was relatively low relative to others like this . i purchased this for the same purpose , to use in a car on a cross-country road trip . i think peak was like 600 watts ? more than enough for my 1200 interter . however , be warned , that this thing takes almost 30 minutes to boil your water . i tried it once , plugged directly into the ac outlet . returned it right away after that first use . 
at the end of check-out select contact ( email ) seller . there 's a product customization drop down . let me know pet information , name and dates . ( all date formats are fine ) when received i send you a memorial proof to review . thank you 
yes . when you submit pet information request no dates . when received i 'll send you a memorial proof to review 
yes , all date formats are ok. samples : sept 1999 - july 2010 sept 2 , 1999 - july 24 , 2010 1999 - 2010 10 1 1999 - 7 24 2010 10 1999 - 7 2010 we will respond with a pet memorial draft proof for review approval . 
no . the price is only for the table . 
it is a beautiful table but im sorry i would have to say no , i do n't think it 's suitable for children . even just putting it together we have some big scratches on it . i ended up buying a glass top for it to preserve it . it 's more like a glass of wine , cup of coffee table . im sorry to disappoint you if your heart was set on it ! 
yes you are correct . 
no it does n't . not a very big tabletop either . 
it 's not reddish to me , more of a espresso brown . 
yes . it 's very similar to an ikea furniture in terms of assembling process . it 's not difficult . i did it by myself ( i 'm a female ) . 
thanks for your question , the chairs can be found here : http : www.amazon.com jofran-counter-height-maryland-merlot dp b00dbtlvfa ref=pd_bxgy_hg_text_y i hope this helps ! 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions of this product are 36 '' h x 48 '' w x 22 '' d. this information can be found on the product detail page under the `` product description '' section . hope this helps 
hi tmj , unfortunately , i bought just the tableand bought different chairs so i can not answer that for you . i would suggest going to the manufacturers website and asking them . good luck . & # 128521 ; 
hello , as this item is sold by independent sellers on amazon , the price is set by the sellers themselves , and not by amazon.com . we are therefore unable to comment on the price of this item . additionally , we can not offer information regarding prices from other stores . thanks . 
i put it toward the front of the humidifier . i hope that helps ! 
was fast shipping . product was what i needed 
according to my measurements , these are 4 x 5 x 1.5 . 
that 's not one of the numbers listed in the description , so i would guess it does n't . 
once a year ... ... at the end of the season you are using it to put humidity into the air . what i do is after winter is over , clean the unit real well and then install a new filter . next time i use it ... ... it 's ready to go ~~ 
one 
yes 
these are the thinner ones and do n't last long . 
i do n't know . what i do know is that this set is not the colors shown and i sent mine back . the seller was very nice . what is sent is more blues than greens and teal . i hope this helps . they should have changed the picture by now . 
this question is hard to understand based on the wording ... are you asking about shipping costs for more than 1 ? i would send a message to the seller and ask for specifics 
we are currently sold out of the all sizes except king size . 
please copy and paste this asin # b00arlj3xc on the amazon search bar and click search . it will lead you to the full size set . 
the picture shows the true colors of this set . however , it is not `` soft '' . this is a very low quality bedset which i am not even using anymore because it ripped . if you actually sleep in your bed i would n't recommend purchasing this . 
we are sold out of the twin size . 
in order to customize your order you can write the desired model color size at checkout on the `` notes '' section or you can send us an email message after you have placed the order indicating what model color size you want . 
yes we do have green . please send us an email after you have placed the order . 
please send us an email after you have placed the order . 
one 
the diameter is approximately 3 4 '' . 
not sure . but the regular tea bag , you can fold it and put it in with not problem . hope it will help you 
it fits comfortably on a full size but officially it 's for queen . we have it on a full 
they are not deep pocket . 
this listing is for the duvet cover . 
we do not have the matching curtains . 
it says egytian cotton on the tags and i quite like them 
15 inch 
i do not know where the sheets are made but i do like them . 
yes and for the price you ca n't beat them . 
100 % egyptian microfiber bedding sheet , with a silky feel . they are very comfortable ! 
they are a mix . very dissatisfied with the purchase . the fitted sheet is a misnomer - it literally hangs loos under the mattress . the quality of the manufacture is poor compared to what i originally purchased at macys . old adage - you get what you pay for 
it feels like cotton , the only problem is my king size runs smaller than normal . 
your answer is in the description . 1 ,1.5 and 2 qts . pretty good for price . 
no , they do n't come with any lid . 
i have used my saucepans almost every day and have had no problem with them rusting . in fact , they look the same as when i took them out of the package 2 or 3 months ago . hope this helps ... 
i do n't use my dishwasher on a regular basis and ca n't remember if i have put them in it from time to time . 
i use the then for kosher salt but sea salt is way to big . 
where it 's gotten wet and not wiped down , it has a couple of pits , but the top and bottom have no rust 
no lid 
they are 7-1 2 inches high and 3 inches in diameter . hope this helps . 
yes , the top screws on . hope that helps . 
height : 24.50 '' , length : 20.30 '' , width : 20.50 '' 
hi tammy ! on the inside of the door , you have to pull the gasket to one side to expose the holes for the handle screws . hope this helps ! 
the temperature range on the unit is totally dependent on the ambient temperature . the key point is that the unit can only cool to a maximum differential ( ambient to internal ) of 35 degrees . so , if the ambient is 75 degrees , it could conceivably cool to 45 degrees . my unit has proven that actual case . however , if the ambient is 86 degrees , the unit will only cool to 51 degrees . i have also seen that condition with my unit . 
it 's an all-metal exterior , except for the double-pane insulated glass on the doors . 
do n't understand your question . all i know it 's a great wine coler 
25 inches high , 22 inches wide , 21 inches deep . 
yes 
no , it does not vent in the front . the vents are on the left side , the back side and the right side . i remember seeing somewhere -- possibly in the instruction manual that came with it -- that the unit was designed for `` freestanding '' use and not for undercounter use , due to possible heat buildup that could reduce the unit 's ability to cool properly . 
i thing it runs continuously like your refrigerator . not sure of the power usage . however i did not notice a increase in my bikl 
l 19.5 w 20.25 h 24 all in inches 
i would consider it to be slow medium . it 's not fast but it 's not crazy slow either . for me it was the perfect pace . 
it does n't flash . probably the chinese manufacturer did n't understand the meaning of the word `` flash '' and threw it in there as a descriptor . it projects stars to the ceiling if you remove the opaque blue cap . its plug-in is a usb , which i found surprising . runs on batteries also . 
no 
the one i received is 11 5 8 '' . 
11 7 8 by 1 2 inch ... .very nice stone 
the stone is round but it is very thick . it 's probably a half inch think . but it is very nice 
i personally just wash the stone , if you 're really interested in getting it to look like new buy some sandpaper sand it . make sure when you 're through sanding you finish with fine sandpaperto make it smooth and then put veg , oil on the top . i hope this helps you . 
17.5 x 12 works great on all bread so far . : - ) 
yes , the bags are gusseted , about 17 '' long and when opened out at the mouth , laid flat they are 12 '' wide . i use them for a 2 pound loaf ( rather tall loaf ) from my zojirushi bread machine . they fit my large loaves just as well as the more expensive pretty '' bags i can purchase where i buy my grain . 
no . they do not . 
the inner diameter of the circular opening is 1 1 2 inches . 
not to my knowledge . there are specific verismo pods for the verismo machine & directions say to only use those . i buy mine from starbucks online or bed , bath & beyond- ha ! coupons ! 
no , it is just the carousel . 
i bought mine just for starbucks verismo pods . i ca n't answer about other coffee brands . i think the keurig pods are larger and deeper in size , so this probably would n't work for them . 
no only starbucks verismo pods can be used . 
this is a cool mist humidifier . 
i used this in my bedroom last winter . i recall that at the highest setting , the tank would empty within 7-8 hours ( which was faster than i expected ) . 
from the bottom of the water tank . unscrew the black circular knob and fill , then replace the screw on cap . 
according to hunter they no longer make this model and no replacement parts are available 
this is a small table top unit . the out put is not big enough for a large room unless you run it all the time . however one at each end of the room would work . it is very quiet and does look nice . 
it 's not made for it . 
super easy . just wipe it out really well . we run tap water ( although it is softened ) 
i 've had no luck with this and is quiet but heats the water and get steam if remove the container otherwise it will not release anything in your room . 
yes that 's a big pocket on the front 
yes .we have blue items .feel free to contact us if further enquiry is required .thanks . 
yes .we have.thanks 
ok.please feel free to contact us . thank you ! 
i gave this as a gift - it felt like cotton to me , but it was very lightweight . the person i gave it to loved it ! 
i do n't know because i used it to hull walnuts . 
about 10 minutes 
green hulls will give you a mess . the juice will stain about anything it touches . i have not tried , nor am i going to use the sheller to process green hulls . 
it 's all assembled except for putting on the handle . easy to do . 
regretfully only one black walnut at a time . 
nebraska , usa . the cast iron is a little rough , not the best i have ever seen , but surely a hard-working tool . unfortunate to have to pay so much , but since nobody uses these anymore ( except us ) , not much choice . old ones are sold as `` antiques '' and cost an arm and a leg . i 'm satisified with this purchase . hope these comments are helpful . 
hi , i do n't sell the sheller , but i bought one , and yes you could take the handle off and attach a pulley to run it with a motor . i just run my sheller by hand and i really like it for the pop corn i grow . hope this help , brian 
i have a mix of shoes on this but we have about 3 pairs of adult sized shoes on each row . i have 2 of these racks and have a total of 30+ pairs of gym shoes ( kids and adults ) and 12+ pairs of flip flops ( these are sideways tho ) . 
27 inches long , 13 inches width , 42 inches tall ... 
it wo n't rust but it wo n't last long in the rain . mine completely and uncontrollably started tippi to the right . so i had to repair it with four garden sticks . now it holds but is a waste of money . 
mine was a very light tan . 
not sure the exact dimensions . but it was n't very big . maybe 2x2 
no , you can not do that . thanks 
hello . the dimensions when assembled are 27 x 13 x 42 inches . i hope this helps ! 
i have not tried that . however , the tier does not seem as steady to stack one on top of the other . i hope i was able to help . jasmin 
yes they are truly deep pocket sheets . i have a pillow top queen mattress with a memory foam on top & the sheets fit my bed . they tend to get stressed after a while but by than it 's usally time to wash them . 
yes.thinish and very soft 
yes . they are made from high strength micro fiber yarn . 
i do not have any description on a label , other than what is shown on the website . 
http : www.marthastewart.com 270671 choosing-cotton-sheets 
yes they do 
it fits 18 '' mattress very well , so maybe a little bigger ? 
silky 
hello , that is the correct thread count . they are microfiber and they are quite soft . 
100 % polyester 
it is a laquered hard particle wood . very sturdy , no chemical smell 
8.5 heigh 
it is black 
yes . two girls could definitely move it when it is empty . but if you fill it up with stuff that might be different story . it has been a great table for me ! 
15 inches wide by 22 3 4 inches long 
hi i use this with my bmcc 2.5k and do n't notice any significant lag . sometimes i have to switch the unit off and then on again when i power up everything and there is no picture . 
i assume the battery was inside the unit , i only had it for a few days as it would not work with my monitor lillyput , i think you charge the unit with the usb plug , there was no way to open the unit and look at the so called battery . hope this helps 
it worked for me in the bmcc that sends the same signal than the canon ... so it might work 95 % for sure 
it comes with usb to power plug . requires a 5v usb transformer or source . many tvs have a usb port that will power the unit . no batteries are in the unit or supplied . 
yes 
probably not it only works with hd 60i interlaced frame rate so if the bmd and zacuto are n't outputting that frame rate ( 59.94interlaced ) it probably wo n't work . those cameras usually output 23.98 progressive . 
it works with the 2.5k not sure about the 4k . sorry . 
this product does not work with the black magic 4k camera or cinema camera 
yes , but you have to confirm that the hd-sdi camera you choose can be set either by switches or an on-screen menu to output one of the following hdmi 1.3 output resolution : 720p @ 50hz , 720p @ 60hz , 1080i @ 50hz , 1080i @ 60hz , 1080p @ 24hz , 1080p @ 25hz , 1080p @ 30hz , 1080p @ 50hz , 1080p @ 60hz - and of course your `` tv monitor '' must have an hdmi in port . 
yes it will work 
it has lasted in my fridge as long as overnight . it all depends on how low you press the disc how much air you take out ! hope this helps ! 
this price is for 1 only . 
this will not work on paper plates . 
no it one 
it was the price of it to much money for one i thought i was getting two for the price of one not just one but two 
on a scale of 1 to 10 , i 'd give the overall unit an 8 for sturdiness . however , having grown up with a father who has a fondness for fish , i 'd worry more about the height depth of the unit . i do n't have a fish tank handy , but in my mind , a 12g tank is deeper than the unit is . also , the total height with the fish tank might be too much without bolting the unit to the wall . lastly , the support for the top of the unit is all on the right and left edges . there is a middle plank , but that acts more like a partition for the top two shelves rather than a central support beam . if you have a tank with a evenly dispersed base , it might work ... but i think it 's still a 50 50 endeavor either way . hope this helps . 
i would think you could . not sure how big of one . 
the description was on the shipping box . i can not recall exact dimensions but it was pretty large and heavy . side pieces are one piece , so at least that long . 
no mine are 10.5 and they did not fit . even 10 i doubt they will fit 
if you 're referring to one on top of the other , i 'd venture to say no ; i do n't think it was intended or built to accommodate that . that being said , it 's plenty big . if you wanted to put them side-by-side , you 'd have enough room to put thing on top . 
they are ! 
amazon gave me their website ( http : enitiallab.com ) and i was able to find their phone number on the site and give them a call last week . hope this is helpful ! 
the holes are about the same size . this one that has no handle that you should think about it . 
cast iron , no coating , we had to season it w oil when started 
this takoyaki pan is not painted and it 's bare but the small handle is very hot though 
no ! actually there are n't . i was really surprised because the fabric is so beautiful and of such nice quality . i quickly stitched some ribbon in each corner and its worked just fine . 
the queen size duvet cover measures 92 '' x 96 '' . 
it is reversible , the other side is a white background with blue designs , similar to the `` medallions '' on the front . unlike the picture on amazon it is not purplish blue , the picture is misleading . i was going to include a picture but i do n't see any option to do so . 
package states 100 % cotton sateen . it is what i call a crisp feeling material . smooth feeling . the pillow cases come directly from manufacturer , if you are talking about the shams . they sell individualy . 
just the cover i have 3 and they are great 
no pillow covers were included in the duvet we have , but i did n't use this seller . i do n't know what image you are looking at , but believe that the same cases are available separately . 
unfortunately warm things is completely out of stock in king size and will not be restocking this item . 
hello , i just did a test order and the free shipping was applied correctly for the marrakesh comforter cover . if there are other items in your order not sold by warm things or items that do n't qualify for our shipping promotion , the free shipping promotion would not apply to those items . also , if you are having the product shipped within california , taxes are applied to orders placed with warm things . lastly , the free shipping promotion applies to standard shipping only , not expedited shipping . if you have additional questions feel free to email us directly . i hope this is helpful . 
the free shipping is on orders greater than $ 150.00 purchase 
no we ship in 1 business day . 
remove the four phillips head screws on the back of the part that the fan blades are contained within , it should snap out off so that you can get access to the fan blades to clean dust build up off them . 
the a.c. supply is rated at 1 2 amp at 12 volts . the plug is a female barrel type , smaller diameter than most . the center is positive . i have a multiple plug adapter ( radio shack ) , and ... ... one of the smaller adapters ( marked h ) fits perfectly . the fan uses a fairly standard size , any multiple adapter supply that does 12 volts at least 500 milliamps should have one snap on of its adapters small enough that a size will fit this fan . 
yes ! it ratchets from a flat position , pointing straight up ( zero degrees ) to a vertical position ( 90 degrees ) in increments of approx 10-15 degrees . i count 8 fixed ratchet positions between 0 and 90. the picture of the fan in the ad is at approx 80 degrees . 
the only issue for the beach would be the weight . 8 'd ' batteries are pretty heavy . but it folds up nicely and is super portable so i 'd say yes , if you do n't mind the extra weight . 
yes , when folded the base surrounds the fan so it can function normally open or closed . 
according to my research the battery life is about 40 hours per set depending on the quality of the batteries you use . i have not used my fan at all except to test it because it 's for emergency weather problems when we lose power . i hope this helps you out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
yes it folds flat and has a few notches in between 
i do n't have the fan here right now but i do n't recall seeing a handle . 
yes 
im pretty sure it 's not waterproof . 
mine did not . 
i just went to measure and it holds one cup . 
yes , feel free to either order online and contact us for discount , or call us at 1-800-972-9155 to estimate the savings based on quantity ordered . 
i do n't know about the fan with the rechargeable batteries , but i know the 02 cool fan with the 8 batteries worked a lot better than the one with the 6 batteries . the one with the 6 batteries hardly gave a breeze and we sent it back . the one with the 8 batteries is much better . hope this helped . 
dear sir , the fan is very quite , which i appreciate lol & not my husband , it does put out quite.a bit of air. & has 2 speeds , i really love having this fan especially when our electricity goes out ! ! helps a lot ! ! i even bought this fan as a gift for friends , i hope this helps ? ~merry christmas.~ trish . : o } 
it does not have a tilting base . it o only leans back slightly at a 10-15 degree angle . but the base is sufficiently wide and study ( in case you have frisky cats that may bump into it when running around . ) also , the airflow pattern is wide ... even at a foot away from the fan . -bb 
d 
zachary - sorry , but i threw out the packaging . i will type what is printed on the adapter though . `` input : 100-240v- 50 60hz 0.5a output : 12v 0.7a model : sun-1200070 '' the fan can be powered seperately by six d batteries . hope this helps . 
yes ! the ac adapter is a universal input `` switching '' model . you just need a prong adapter ( europlug and or uk type-g to nema-5 ) . specs on wall-wart : switching adapter model : sun-1200070 input:100-240v~ 50 60hz 0.05a output:12v -- - 0.7a ( positive center polarity ) i was also pleasantly surprised to find the receptacle on the fan works well with either of the two most common types of barrel plugs ... both fit and make good contact , so a couple car cig adapters i 've got laying around work just perfectly with this fan . the electronics near the plug ( presumably the voltage regulator ) gets noticeably warm during operation on wall or car power ( but not on battery power ) , but after a few hours , it seems to be staying within reason . 
i will be using mine in my storm shelter so i tested them and they were quiet to me . what i use for sleep noise is an air purifier tower type . 
it is on the side ; specifically the left side with the front facing you . 
i have not had to clean it yet so i do n't know . 
if you were to velcro it down , i 'd say yes . but in general , without securing it somehow i think it would fall . 
so far so good , has held up well . we try not to gnaw on it too much tho . 
yes , there 's a clear verticle water gauge that is between the lower and upper handle connections . it measures from 2 to 7 cups . 
yes , the kettle is stainless steel so it is hot . only the handle is insulated . 
yes you can wrap underneath . 
do n't buy this . mine leak in two months and the heating element gave out an electrical burnt smell and the water also taste like burnt ashes . another review also had the same problem . 
it shuts off when water is hot enough , not when it runs dry . 
the inside is stainless steel completely . no bpas ! 
excuse me . how can 2 people say opposite things about this ? did they buy the exact same product ? one says there is a plastic water level viewing window and the other says there is none . which is correct for this product ? 
made in china 
it has a 2 prong plug . it 's really awesome , but be sure not to ever overfill it . it happened to us one time and it was ruined . fortunately the company replaced it ! 
they are on the 12 '' side . 
no - it is just fabric . i only got one bottom piece with the set of two boxes . which means i had to fashion my own cardboard bottom to give it the structure it needs ... 
they will fit fine- 
i would assume the top . 
no . it is sold with two dies , a bigoli ( thick spaghetti ) and gargati ( narrow rigatoni ) . those two dies can not be swapped or exchanged for different dies . additional dies are available for purchase . 
we mounted the torchio on a kitchen cart with a butcher block top . the cart has wheels that lock and can moved to any position in the kitchen . the cart cost 125.00 on the web . the height of the cart is counter high . it works quite well . or you can mount on a wooden cabinet . 
it is not sold with a clamp , you have to furnish your own . try getting one from a hardware store or , alternately , screwing it onto a wooden bench . please be advised you will need to mount the torchio securely ! 
yes , you do . it 's a little messy , but the key is making a very dry dough -- not like what you might make when hand rolling . a general rule is 10 ounces of flour to 4 ounces of liquid ( water , eggs , etc ) . the torchio like semolina dough better . the mess is in chaff ( poorly formed pasta shapes ) and in the very thin , papery leavings after you 've made your batch . but the machine works great , as you might expect from something largely unchanged for 130 years . 
it 's really light- maybe 1 lb . 
1 3 4 '' 
it is 13 '' high when in use . when folded flat it is 17 '' long . 
my son-in-law has used it and he weighs in at 225. a sticker on one of my stools says the weight limit is 150 kilograms which translates to 330 pounds . that 's all i know ! 
yes , you can easily do both with one hand . i 've been using it often for a few months now and very pleased with its performance . very light but strong and stable also . 
i know there is but i ca n't remember . it states on informational page . i love this stool . it holds my 180 lbs easy . i folds up easy . no fingers getting caught . highly recommend ! ! 
yes , the top is non-slip . 
about 13 in , just perfect to reach the top closet shelf or top of kitchen cupboard 
13 inches tall . 
yes , i was able to add powder gradually to the scale and it displayed the gradual increase . i did not have to add and remove the powder cup . 
i can say this it will shut off after a few minutes or so.any otherissue 's i would call the company thy worked good with me ! 
it does indeed include an ac adapter and alternatively will work on batteries . nice scale . 
it will when it works- mine quit working the second time i used it ! 
i do n't fully understand your question , if by hopper you mean powder scale , i use hornady 's scale cost about $ 80.00 . very good accurate scale . 
it shows 1543.2grains + or-0.1 ! iwould like to say that i recieved mine with no instruction and lyman was great to work with on any question , once calirated , right on ! 
yes , they are perfect . i reload 45 2.4 sharps and this scale is extremely accurate . 
the dehumidifier does put out some heat . compared to our previous dehumidifier , this one seems much more efficient and therefore producing less heat then expected . 
the dehumidifier can be hooked up to a hose with standard garden connection , but does not come with one . 
it is in the basement and you ca n't hear it running from upstairs . the fan is n't really quiet but it is acceptable . similar to running the fan in your car on medium high . 
just pick up a cheap hose from any discount store . i found one at a dollar store and cut it to the length needed . 
it 's not whisper quiet . i have it in my living room and am able to hear it in my bedroom with the door open ( not a huge house ) . we run it off and on throughout the day and continuously through the night . it does n't make an annoying noise but it would say it is as loud as a box fan . 
department : air conditionersmanufacturer : frigidairemanufacturer reference : fad301nwdproduct dimensions:12.6 inches x 15.8 inches x 20.9 inches ; 31 poundsshipping weight:34.2 poundsasin : b00au7goikamazon.com sales rank:2512 
i do n't use the hose drain feature , but ti is pretty obvious that there is a blockage ... probably just general household dust debris blocking either the drian hole or the hose . 
i am not an expert , but i would assume that the square footage depends on how much water is in the air . i have a relatively dry cellar and the 30 pint dehumidifier is adequate for my 24 x 32 foot cellar . i did not want a larger dehumidifier because i do n't want something heavy to empty . 30 pints is about 30 pounds . heavy enough for an old person . 
20.88 inches x 12.63 inches x 15.75 inches 
this model will not have an issue with power failures . once you have the dial set . it will turn back on and keep running . the models wiith power buttons would not work 
you can just hear air blowing into the room . if i do n't think about it i do n't hear it.works really will for us . 
yes . all you need to do is unscrew a cap on the back and screw on a section of garden hose for a gravity drain . i drain mine to a small lift pump that i bought at lowe 's . 
no . but a garden hose screws right in . 
all the above answers on the timeframe are correct - however , what the warranty does not tell you , is that they do not service or repair the unit , or offer parts . they simply will `` buy back '' your dehumidifier if it fails and you will have to get a whole new one , on your own , after you mail in the serial number tag and they send you a check . 
i think it works to 45 degrees 
from what i have seen with previous reviews , you sometimes have to place something under the front wheels to till the unit back toward the drain . this is a minor inconvenience but seemed to work for others in the past . 
measuring from the 2 front feet it 's 11 inches across . measuring across the front body it 's 14 inches across . measuring from the front feet to the back feet , it 's 7 inches . measuring from the front body to the back of the unit it 's 9 inches . 
the size of the dehumidifier depends on the humidity level and the size of the area your trying to control . i am using this 50 pint model in approximately 1500 sq . ft. basement and it keeps the humidity level at 45 % . i hope this helps you decide . i have never had a problem and it is easy to operate . 
i would say 50 % humidity . . works rather well . 
i removed the bucket then removed the two screws holding the top cover then washed the sides with a mixture of dish soap with about 10 % bleach . i then used an old paint brush to clean the inside corners , then gave it a final rinse with warm clean water . i also cleaned the main body where the tub slides in.hope it works for you . 
according to the manual ( which can be found here http : manuals.frigidaire.com prodinfo_pdf edison 2020266a0220en.pdf ) , it does poorly in temperatures below 41 degrees farenheit 
mine has a manufacture date of aug 2013. the compressor shuts off as soon as the humidity level has been reached . the fan runs for another few minutes to dry off the coils prevent mildew from growing . when it comes back on , both the fan & compressor come on at the same time . 
yes , the humidifier only drips down . after dumping the bucket several times , i bought : little giant vcma-15ul 1 50 horsepower 115 volts vcma series automatic condensate removal pump and watts svig20 pre-cut 1 2-inch diameter by 3 8-inch clear vinyl tubing , 20-foot length the humidifier now drips into the pump and the pump drives the water up into a clothes washer drain . the pump only runs when the water level gets to high enough within it and it just takes some seconds to empty , so the pump only runs when it needs to . now i do n't have to empty the bucket or bother with it at all any more . 
a hose was not included . 
1 year full warranty . 5 year warranty for compressor , condenser , evaporator and tubing . 
i have n't used a hose . i empty by hand . try disconnecting the hose and then running it . that 's one way to narrow down the problem . if its acting normally then , i would reconnect the hose and try running it again . hope that helps . 
this unit is rated for 41 degrees . my basement was 57 degrees and it did not produce water . ( nor did the replacement ) 
i bought two units to use in my basement . one is used in a room that is 20 x30 and the other is probable 15 x 30. the smaller room has a washer and dryer in it . the unit keep the humidity at 45 percent without having to run all of the time . i am very happy with their performance 
i run the drain hose into the basement floor drain . the hose is not included . i picked one up at the local hardware store . 
like any other compressor it does , but as long as you follow the installation instructions i think it should be okay . avoid installing close to loose curtains and papers etc . 
no you do not ... that is a separate piece that you fold and insert if you want to . 
yes , they are quite cute and sanitary 
you get 12 boxes and 12 inserts . 
i can hold a standard cupcake with a little extra space . do n't know diameter specs . sorry . 
they may work , but the mini cupcakes wo n't be as secure as regular-sized ones . 
there is a transparent cover . the box us completely enclosed . nothing will fall out ! 
yes it does 
i ordered this product for a preschool birthday party and it was wonderful ! a standard cupcake fit nicely and the `` extra '' frosting and toppings the children applied was accommodated by the wide box . 
we did not have good luck with this item . it would not hold air from the first time it was aired up and the company never responded to my emails . amazon did refund my money but i would not do business with this particular company any more . 
can not be used while driving , thank you ! 
yes it fits to camry , but for me it 's expensive ... it was just 2 star for me ... 
i should come with a pump . i found that i could blow it up by mouth easier and faster than using the pump . 
i know this is crazy but we have n't used this yet . planned on blowing it up to at least test , but have n't even done that . sorry i ca n't be more helpful ! amazon may accept the return of it does n't fit your needs . 
no , i do n't believe so . 
maybe , if you 're really short . i 'm 5'7 '' and can not stretch out . 
i believe it would 
yes 
yes 
i do n't know . it does n't say on the bottom . so , i will assume that it is not stainless steel . sorry , i could n't help more . 
the set that i have as follows , 1qt,5in . -2 qt , 5 7 8in . -sm.skillet , 5 1 2 in.- lg . skillet , 7 5 8 . -5 qt pot , 7 1 8 in . hope this helps . betty 
i do n't know for sure but i would say , '' no '' . 
they are glass with steel trimming and handle 
i 'm not sure but i do n't think it has any aluminum . 
yes 
yes the pots are stainless steal and designed to be nonstick . thank you for your interest in tools of the trade cookware . dave stellar bargains amazon marketplace 
must definitely good for induction cooking over gas or electric 
dear customer , this beautiful tools of the trade set is also sold in macy 's . macy 's sells them for $ 119.99 . macy 's does have sales during the holidays so you may check if they are on sale there . i know i found some great items for my house on sale at macy 's during this holiday season . so shop around , compare prices , and most important enjoy the holidays . answered by : eli stellar bargains amazon marketplace 
yes but they will get discolored 
the headline answer is yes as long as you take care over 3 variables 1. a fine grind firmly tamped into the portafilter . 2. the right amount of water . 3. the pressure you exert on the arms . as you pull the arms down its the coffee in the portfjlter that creates the back pressure . if it 's too coarse the water will pass through too easily . if it 's too fine the water will struggle to pass through . get it right and you will create 8-9 bar of pressure . however there is still more to get right to extract the oils to make a great espresso . pressure is not enough . the coffee must be fresh . the water must be around 90 degrees . it 's not a one button electric machine . but get these variables right and the espresso is delicious . experiment and master it . you will be delighted . much more satisfying than pressing a button ! 
how hard is it for the company to come up with an upgraded version of rok where the reservoir is made of glass ( heavy-duty pyrex or something like that ) , even if it costs a little more , it would be a well-worth investment ! plastic is the only thing that stops me from buying it , and , i am sure , i am not alone there 
here 's the thing ... .the finer the grind the more compact the puck will be . the more compact the puck the more pressure necessary to push the water through it . the rok seals can be damaged by using too much pressure . so , you have to experiment till you get it the way you want it without stressing the seals . i started very fine and worked it to just a little more fine than the setting indicated on my grinder for espresso . i get a better flavor and , important to me , a very nice crema at the end . the compaction plays a big part in the crema formation . 
yes , i use illy ground beans myself 
stainless steel 
i have no idea . i suppose only a chemist whould know . 
i was sorry to learn that amazon does n't help their customers with returns on items that do n't wear properly . i emailed rok to see if they will provide assistance in the states . it would be costly to send it back to the uk . i just emailed so i do n't have an answer yet , sorry . i 'm hoping for the company will come through . 
aluminum 
yes after about 5 months in my case . the u.s. distributor will replace it with a proof of purchase . i had to get their email from the uk maker . 
the vessel that holds the water , and the plunger that creates the pressure , is made of bpa-free plastic . it should last for a very long time , as long as you do n't overfill the portafilter with espresso grounds . that will create too much back pressure and cause the plastic to crack . 
no they do n't fit the nutribullet . 
yes ! 
100 % leakproof so far ! 
i 'm not sure what the `` mini '' magic bullet it . this fits the standard magic bullet ( i 've had it for about three years so it 's not a new product ) and it fits on all of the containers that came with that magic bullet . 
they screw on and have a rubber gasket to seal them . but sometimes they get loose 
yes 
yes 
i do n't have a nutribullet , just the regular magic bullet so i 'm not sure . 
the lids have a rubber gasket inside . they are very sturdy . i purchased to go with my cuizen blender . and it fits perfect . 
i dont think you can put it in an oven cause the handle will melt i guess 
the frying pan is deep enough to keep oil inside while cooking . i just measured the height of the wall . it is 2.3in . 
mine did n't do that . return it . 
i have been using this ( with an induction oven ) for than a year now . - never heard any popping sound . 
nope . still performing after hundreds of uses . 
it is 10 '' on top 8 '' on base 
the body of the pan in aluminum , but it has a steel clad bottom . we use it all the time on our fagor induction burner and it works great . we rarely use it on our standard electric burners . 
we have a fagor portable induction unit and the techef works great with that brand . 
the handle does not hold water . 
i 'm not sure . i wipe it clean with a sponge when i 'm finished using it . 
yes indeed ... 
yes . but it depends . i do n't recommend blending hot soup in them . i did this once and it caused a lot of pressure and i could barely unscrew the cup from the blade . you can pour hot items into the cups but i do n't recommend blending them with hot liquid inside . 
it came with 2 when i bought it . 
these are 3 '' in diameter . i just measured them with tape measurer . 
product says its bpa free . 
do n't put hot items in the ones i use 
i have a nutri bullet `` magic bullet '' . these cups are slightly too narrow ( in diameter ) to thread onto the blade housing of the magic bullet . i was very disappointed ; you might as well go buy 2 cups with handles . 
no , they crack and leak in the freezer . 
2 mugs with 2 colored rings 
they are the same size as the larger cups : ) 
i dont think you can put it in an oven cause the handle will melt i guess 
the frying pan is deep enough to keep oil inside while cooking . i just measured the height of the wall . it is 2.3in . 
mine did n't do that . return it . 
i have been using this ( with an induction oven ) for than a year now . - never heard any popping sound . 
nope . still performing after hundreds of uses . 
it is 10 '' on top 8 '' on base 
the body of the pan in aluminum , but it has a steel clad bottom . we use it all the time on our fagor induction burner and it works great . we rarely use it on our standard electric burners . 
we have a fagor portable induction unit and the techef works great with that brand . 
the handle does not hold water . 
i 'm not sure . i wipe it clean with a sponge when i 'm finished using it . 
yup , tested it today . 
it washes so easily you wont need to put it in the dishwasher 
great news everyone , lids for the blooming flower are in production now and will soon be available . 
no . the handle is some sort of plastic or composite . 
contact amazon . 
it 's smooth . i 've had this pan for over a year and i absolutely love it . i also bought one for my mom and my sister and they love theirs as well . 
the outside diameter of the bottom is 19 cm , the induction ring diameter is 17 cm . if you 're trying to find a lid for it the lid size should be 26 cm . 
i have not experienced that noise . i use electric heat . could there be a difference ? 
i really like this pan and we use it exclusively for stir fry . it is a great performer but a bit small when cooking for 3 or 4 people . should work fine for omelette . i purchased the flatter pan for that and it is great . both pans i purchased work great and are our preferred cookware . 
you can find care instructions for teflon pans here : http : www2.dupont.com teflon en_us products qanda_cookware_care.html 
not worth the money for any i pad ! 
regular ipad 
not sure i can answer that . if the manufacturer does not mention it , then it probably does n't . just look for cases specific to your ipad model 
no , but this unit comes with a gold filter . makes great coffee ! 
it will hold 2 level tablespoons 
no . 
120v is what the coffee maker says 
about a minute or less 
yes , it does . 
it comes with its own filter and use i regular coffee not the single cup coffee . 
yes it needs a filter 
we have been using the holmes hwf-75 . i believe that we bought these from amazon as well . 
make sure the filter is all the way into the cavity . it 's too easy to push it around the post with it not being in far enough . 
yes , except for i do n't think it is real leather 
i will try to find out and get back to you . 
the dresden side chairs match the table beautifully . 
the arms are 26 inches tall . 
yes 
the chairs are wooden with resin . screws must assemble . joints close properly . 
the leather is a dark brown . 
i would think so but i will make sure monday . 
i would think so i could make sure monday . 
mine always rolls out perfectly flat 
it is only 2mm . 
ive never tried but with the materials it is made from , i probably wouldnt ... 
if they are small and do n't apply to much pressure it is thick but i would n't use it for that 
yes 
i do n't know i like it i would recommend this 
it 's 22 1 2 x 14 1 2 inch . this is a great mat.. 
why would you want t to put it in the oven , it is for rolling pastry , i certainly would n't risk it . 
yes 
the mat is 22 1 2 inch by 14 3 4 inches . 
it is plastic 
i would guess about 1 2 cup depending how much you fill towards the back . i keep mine open because i use it so often its easier than trying to open every time . 
plastic . buy something else , do n't like them at all ! 
yes , easily . we put kale and spinach in ours and it turns out great . 
it does . it is plastic and easy to clean . 
not terribly bad . i have an acme juicer ( heavy duty ) http : www.amazon.com 6001-juicerator-550-watt-extractor-stainless dp b0028rxdfm ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1400894810 & sr=1-1 & keywords=acme+juicer on my farm and it leaves really dry pulp ... .but ... .it 's more of a hassle to clean . it 's an okay juicer . you may also want to check out the champion juicer http : www.amazon.com heavy-duty-commercial-juicer-in-black dp b000e4c53m which has the ability to run frozen fruit through it for sorbet-like frozen goodies . heavy duty ! at the price point the breville xl is a decent juicer that is well made , sturdy , and does the job . i am a value shopper so i chose the version with the stainless juicing piece as well as the stainless spigot . i do n't trust plastic much in the long run ... ... . the breville is a nice machine , well designed , heavy grade stainless and produces a good juice with some moisture left in the pulp . good luck ! 
i do n't know . sorry i ca n't help 
yes it does ! 
i believe the only difference is - one has a dvd which is `` bundled '' with the juicer , the other one does not . 
yes ! i load it with kale , carrots , beats , broccoli , cucumbers ... great juicer . 
i guess . it depends on how available fresh fruits and vegetables are . 
i do n't know . we never have tried . sorry 
no it does n't this is very well made iron and worth the little extra in price . 
it has steam nearly all the time . i iron a lot and very happy with this . 
yes ... i use it all the time when sewing cotton . i love this iron . 
right away unless you pick it up quickly . 
as far as i know , it is only 110 . 
yes , in fact it has a significant burst of steam and works very well . caution ! keep your hands and fingers out of the way ! 
yes it does . 
1500 watts . the wattage was printed on the base of the iron . 
i use my iron every so often and it works great ! i would recommend it . 
i 've only had it about 8 months and use it a couple times a month so it is hard to tell at this point . the steam works great and it irons nicely . 
that is what i have read . i have two distillers now b c i live in a big a city and the water quality is horrible ... not to mention all the fluoride and chloride in it . i absolutely love our distillers , but i do recommend buying the cleaning solution for them and back up filters . i replace our carbon filters once a month and clean the containers ( soak it in the cleaning solution for a few hours & rinse ) once a week . also be sure to buy glass jugs or bpa free plastic containers for your fridge to store . the water taste so refreshing and clean . 
it looks like stainless steel tubing banded with aluminum heat dissipating fins . 
leesburg , florida . 
sorry i wish i can help . i do n't remember how big the boxes were as they came ups . i would think the shipping dimensions are listed in the chair description . wish i could be more help . 
about 30 inches to where you sit ( cushion ) 
that is the application we bought ours for but i think you might have to put a new cover over the seat cushion as we did . we bought outdoor material that matched our decor and for further measure we scotchguarded it . putting a new cover eas very easy , it was a simple staple job . i hope this helps . 
hello , the seat height for this stool is 29 '' . best regards , netrush 
not sure but it 's a great bench . we use it when we have extra company and 3 average weight adults fit comfortably with no issues . we love it ! 
yes ... .i did that with bench and all the dining room chairs ... 
width : 60.00 in depth : 16.00 in height : 20.25 in if you have the space , it should work for an entry . sincerely , js 
59 '' l x 15 w 
60 x 16 x 20.2 inches ; 46 pounds 
hi sheryl , the bench 's dimensions are as follows : 60 x 16 x 20.2 inches . 
it 's a duvet cover and yes it comes with one pillow case 
i have washed this several times on normal cycle , cold water . i dry it on low heat setting . it has held up nicely ... colors are still bright and fabric has not shrunk or deteriorated in any way . 
it 's twin size . 
i do n't know where you can get one , sorry . however , mine broke and it made no difference in the functioning of the cutter . the plastic wrap in my case does not fall to cling to the roll , but hangs over about an inch , clinging to the inside wall of the case . i am still happy with the device and use it constantly , but i do agree with others that the bar is really useless since it breaks within days . if they want a bar , they should make it out of metal . 
hi laiketa . i 'm sorry you are having difficulty with the wraptastic . after checking reviews , i chose to order a set called wrap master ( directly from their website . i have had that set ( one for plastic wrap , one for foil ) for a number of years with absolutely no problems . i have also ordered 2 other sets as gifts . if , for some reason , you ca n't get your replacement parts , you may want to consider this other product . 
it indeed made of plastic ! 
no . you need to purchase it from the store . but large rolls will not fit . i had a partially used stretch-tite 500 ft roll that did not fit . 
legs snap in . they are a bit tight so press a bit hard . the tube holders insert into ends of tube with a little squeeze of fins . otherwise pretty straight forward . 
i would love to help you out , but , despite being told the wraptastic shipped three weeks ago , i 've never received it . i ca n't stress enough how poor their service is , both in timely shipping and in customer response . 
yes ! ! ! follow the directions ! 
refills for wraptastic 
i have a wraptastic dispenser and also a stretch-tite wrap'n snap 7500. the strectch-tite warp'n snap 7500 can be mounted under the cabinet or on the wall . the wraptastic dispenser does not have this capability as far as i can see . i went on amazon and fund the stretch-tite one and loved it . it is a little more expensive than the wraptastic but like everything you get what you pay for . the wrap'n snap works and cuts cleanly always . i put aluminum foil in the warptastic so i would guess that is one reason it cuts a little less cleanly but works find . check them out on amazon and i think you will like the wrap'n snap one . but if you are looking for cheaper the wraptastic works better with clear wrap ( which they also sell on amazon ) and you can get a lot of that on amazon that will last a considerable time . it is tough and i like it a lot . however , other than the fact it does not have capability for hanging the wraptastic works without a lot of fuss . 
the standard size store brand plastic wrap worked . reynolds brand aluminum foil roll did not work in it . 
yes this should work . it may take some testing at first ( times between flipping , amount a filling , etc . ) 
no it does not include any batter nor recipe guide , its the one and only item the flip jack pan . 
i ca n't see that it should matter . is the inside that 's important . perhaps you have a rough burner ... . ? 
i have made omlets with ham , cheese , bell peppers , and onions . what i did was started cooking the egg and cheese and as it got firm i added in the veggies and flipped it . it is a smaller skillet and not too deep so you kind of have to work around it . the hard part is if the egg is too uncooked and it seeps out the side . it takes practice but is doable . it 's definitely not as deep as other skillets though . 
i do n't see why not . i have not tried that yet , but i guess if you turn it gently it might work . anytime you turn an egg over it will have a chance of breaking . 
mine are not oven safe 
honest to goodness , i wouldnt use this thing for anything . its really horrible , im not kidding ... 
no , this pan was a total waste , it was so bad , i threw it away b c i wasnt able to return it without all the packaging . everything totally stuck to both sides of it . its not worth the money in my opinion . 
they come with instructions right on the packaging . i cant remember if they were all seasoned the same way or not to be honest . but they all do need to be seasoned prior to use . mine discolored just after seasoning , even tho i followed the instructions perfectly . i ended up throwing this pan away , i should have read the reviews first . what a hunka junk : ( 
9 inches 
china 
this machine makes great non dairy yogurt . there are many recipes , but i make mine with organic unsweetened coconut yogurt , raw local honey , probiotics , and organic unflavored gelatin . i cook for 15 hours . this turns out a thick yogurt that i then add crushed fruit to when serving . adding fruit prior works well also , i just prefer it afterwards . 
yes , but i ca n't say i like the flavor . soy makes better yogurt . 
the jars are about 2 1 2 inches in diameter and 3 inches tall . they hold 6 ounces . 
the trim is stainless . the construction is actually pretty cheap , but it works well . 
the pure would interfere with the fermentation process of the yogurt and you 'd probably end up with something very similar to the milk you put in rather than yogurt . 
the blue light stays on but the blinking hr should stop once the time had been set . if the hr is blinking , it means you have n't started the machine yet . select your time , then hit the start button . 
no it does n't but for my first batch i used plain yogurt in milk i heated to almost a boil on stove . recipes are all over the internet . you may have to adjust the recipes for the number and size of containers . ( next time i 'll do 1 1 2 recipe . turned out perfect at 8 hrs . ( i do n't like really tart yogurt unless i 'm using it for sour cram substitute . 
yes the timer counts down in hours , but not minutes until below one hour 
yes 
steel . this is by far the best grinder i have ever seen for the money . it just might not be for you . great deal . 
no i would n't think it would grind up any bones 
can you tell me what row bones are ? i 'm not familiar with them . 
mine did n't come with any stuffing tubes it come with 3 different grinder plates . 
mine came with owners manual . i would contact the seller . i do not care for my meat grinder as it leaks and there seems to be nothing to fix that problem . if you have not used i would suggest returning it and purchasing something different 
i have made breakfast pork sausage , kielbasa , bratwurst , and italian sausage . it works well on commercial meats . it 's not so good on grinding venison . the sheath layer around the venison muscle clogs the holes in the cutting plates . 
it comes with a small sausage maker attachment . 
it say 's it is a 2.6 hp . on it , i know it has plenty of power , it has never stopped on me or kicked circuit out , even with deer with alot of what i call ( cat gut ) in it.i hope this helps 
13x9x7 . i believe they give this in the description of the grinder . 
120 volts , 60 hz ac 
just one . need to order quantity of 3 . 
go to utube it will show you how to take bulbs out you can tell if they are bad 
disconect the power cord from the wall.remove the back of the heater then the fan plate and you will see the three bulbs . remove the the plug and then one small screw on bulb bracket . check youtube for video 
yess the comfort a5093 rpe 1500 with 500 watt 115 vj248 bulb does work . james lawson thanks.. 
typically if you see a break in the coil this would indicate the bad one . i would recommend you replace all of them at once . 
i had the problem but then ran the descaling procedure from the instructions with the white vinegar - but a whole tank of it , not just a cup . you 're also supposed to leave the vinegar in for 4 hrs which i did n't do . it worked and the smell and taste are now great . when i opened the tank before doing the procedure the smell was really noticeable so i realized i had n't rinsed it well enough to start with . good luck ! 
as far as i have experienced , it does accept all brands of regular k-cups , and also reusable refill style cups . i do n't like the refill one that keurig makes , because you have to take out the pod cartridge inside the machine and replace it with the refillable one , which is a hassle . i like the one i bought at bed bath and beyond that is a little plastic pod that fits right in the space where a disposable pod would fit , and comes with tiny little paper filters so you can use your own coffee instead of buying the expensive keurig pods all the time . 
it dispenses hot water over the k-cup in the brewer . if you do n't put in a k-cup , all you get is hot water . ( this is in the user manual . ) i have used it to brew tea using a tea bag instead of a k-cup , and it works well . the water is about 190 degrees ( not boiling ) . hope this helps ! this platinum brewer is great . the water reservoir holds plenty and the timer is very helpful . 
under the heading `` cleaning the water reservoir & water reservoir lid '' in the owner 's manual , it states : `` the water reservoir lid or water reservoir should not be put into the dishwasher . they should be cleaned with a damp , soapy , non-abrasive cloth and rinsed thoroughly . '' 
the keurig k75 stops heating when the water reservoir runs low . a blinking blue light will flash when it 's time to add more water . once more water is added the heating process will restart . 
yes it can by not putting in a coffee pod . 
this unit has a filter in the tank . the water filter kit is the filter element , the housing that the filter is contained in and the installation tool . 
you can not use your own coffee in a regular kcup ; however , i have seen plastic kcups sold on the web for just such a purpose . the k75 makes 5 different cup sizes while the k65 only makes 3. additionally , the k75 has a 72 oz water reservoir while the k65 has only a 60 oz one . 
it only takes about 10-15 seconds depending on the size that is selected . 
yes you can , this model has a water purifier built in ! i ca n't say enough about my keurig , i absolutely love it . i have spent a lot of money in the past on looking for the best and in this one i have found it . get a perfect cup every time in literally seconds . i have ordered another one for my boat . you wo n't be disappointed with this purchase ! 
technically , yes , though my experience has been that there are usually some little bits of coffee grounds swirling around in the water when you do . my best advice would be to run it on the smallest cup setting as a rinse cycle , toss that water , and then refill using whatever size you want . 
they are all the same size ! : ) 
according to the product description , 4 oz. , 6 oz. , 8 oz. , 10 oz . and 12 oz . 
yes . just run it without a k-cup . the only problem is you ca n't head up more than the amount of 1 large coffee cup 's worth of hot water . so , if you want more than 1 cup 's worth of soup , this probably wo n't work . 
yes =works just like the b70 . very nice unit . 
yes 
no settings other than choosing the cup size , which can dictate the strength of the coffee . in the morning i take a large mug to work so i use a full body , deep , dark roast . however if i am having a 2nd cup at home i will use a light breakfast blend with a smaller cup size . if you drink coffee you will love this machine . period . 
one year 
the auto on time and auto off time functions operate independently from one another . to cancel either set function , follow the steps above and use the `` h '' and `` m '' buttons to advance to 12:00 am . make sure the `` m '' button is set to :00 , then change the `` h '' button . when you reach 12:00 am , the control center will indicate `` off '' and the function will be disabled . i copied this from the manual but if that does n't work leave it unplugged although they claim you can leave it on all the time . hope this helps 
no , i never use more than one k-cup ... it all just depends on how strong you like your coffee to be . if you have a super big mug though , i might double up . sometimes i do combine flavors though . keeps things interesting ! enjoy your keurig ! 
no . you can use any k-cup . there are many products on the market to choose from . 
unfortunately , no . the strongest cup of coffee i 've made so far was with fresh-ground beans and the 'gold ' coffee pod i bought on amazon . ( really like that , by the way . you can adjust the coarseness and strength of the grounds . ) i have n't tried it with `` espresso '' beans , but would think you could get a pretty stout cup that way . all of this , of course , pretty much cancels out the 'instant ' factor touted by the makers of these machines . and i still think the water needs to be hotter to get good flavor extraction . 
i have the b75 , my mug is 6 inches tall and if you take the overfill base off you can go to 71 2 inches.i would not try any taller . hope this helps 
you do n't need to set it because your cup of coffee is ready within less than a minute after you start it . all keurigs are like this . 
it is 12 inches ; however , when you open the kcup compartment , that adds five more inches . 
choices is 4,6,8,10 , or 12 ounces 
with the lid flipped all the way up it is 17 inches 
i have mine set at 190 degrees and my coffee does n't taste burnt . 
1500 watts . added information you might want ... 120v 60hz all this information is located by the model number on the bottom of every keurig . 
one difference is that this has a 75oz reservoir vs the 60oz reservoir in the b70 . i do n't know if the internals are any different . i hope they have improved the durability of the machine . it is strange there are so few reviews of this new machine . 
yes 
for a storage unit this size , i would recommend at least one of the extra large round tubs . we use the tub in both of our storage units . we change them at least two times per year . although this depends on if your weather is very humid . i use the damprid products all over my house . hope this helps . 
hi , this item should not be used in an auto as it may spill . unless you are going to put inside another container which will hold it in place . it does help to absorb moisture and prevent mildew in my wardrobe . the value for money of this item will definitely make me order again ! 
silver foil is removed , white paper is left on since it is breathable . put lid back on 
no 
i simply spill the water collected and throw away the container in the trash but if it is labeled for recycling then into the recycle trash it goes . 
since it is chemical base , i would not put it in a closed refrigerator with or without food 
i all ways have to juice the pulp over again no matter what veggie to get enough . the collard green leaf stems get jammed around the augar which stops it completely . so remove the stems 
not very loud at all . i 've had two different model centrifugal juicers and a vita-mix ; all three of these were much louder than the vrt 350. i do n't own a decibel meter so i ca n't give you exact numbers , except to estimate : if on a 1-10 scale of noise a centrifugal juicer is an 7 , the omega would probably be a 3. you wo n't be disappointed with the vrt 350 . 
my refurbished one said 7 year warranty in his ad 
i did not receive anything either . i did register my purchase . 
only if you buy a 220 to 110 transformer - like you would if you were going to europe . 
refubished products have less warranty . the warranty papers are inside the box . thank you 
they are actually one in the same . i bought a 350 hd ; nowhere on the box or the machine does it say hd . it does however have the hd screen in it which i 'm sure is your concern . we have had this juicer for some time ; it works flawlessly . we juice carrots , celery , beet greens , kale , apples , etc . makes great tasting juice . 
sometimes . ... .when fiber gets jammed in it . 
i 've found it hard to get off twice . other than that no problems . i think i may have twisted mine on to tight . i had to use two hands and my daughter hold the base to get it off . good luck ! 
i 'm not sure of the bpa rating on this product . otherwise plastic is very durable . 
it is a sturdy aluminum and cleans up fantastically . it is a very nice pan and well worth the money . 
i have sizes but they fit nicely in the little oven . i would think they are pretty standard 
this item is dishwasher safe . we hope this will be of help to you . 
that is exactly what i use it for ! 
made of heavyweight steel . 
the dimensions are 7 inches by 10 inches . i *love* this little pan -- just finished broiling up some trout in six minutes . easy to clean , fits beautifully in my toaster oven . 
yes , i use it that way all the time . had thought i could use it in my toaster oven but it 's just a little too big . however , it works fine in the conventional oven . 
do n't think it 's a non-stick coating - i use it to bake bacon and the bacon sticks somewhat in the places where it 's well-done . 
the pan is 10 '' long , 7 '' wide , 2 '' high 
canada . 
no . not unless you are both anorexic midgets . 
thank you for your inquiry . the mattress measures 39 '' x 75 '' . please let me know if you have any further questions 
wondered the same thing ! lol do n't think i want to even try ... .but someone or some machine got it in there to begin with so must be possible ! ? ? ? 
no , but it is nylon mesh so it can be wiped down . not comfortable for use without a cover . we made it up as a bed , complete with mattress pad . 
i bought the queen size and it is 5 ' wide the part of the sofa that you sit on is is 8 '' off the floor the back rest is 8 '' . the whole thing when in sofa position should be 16 '' high but it measures 17 '' . i keep a fitted sheet on the mattress even when i fold it . when unfolded and using it as a mattress . it is 5 ' wide and 6'5 '' long and 4 '' deep . i hope this helps you . 
sorry for problems with your product . mine expanded almost instantly . yes , i 'd say your is defective . amazon has great customer service . 
i 'm 190 pounds and it supports me well , but i only use it occasionally . the foam in this mattress is quite firm and seems resilient . you may want a topper to soften it up just a bit . 
absolutely , it can be stored under a twin bed . the mattress has four to 5 fold points so it can be folded to different configurations . would probably fit in on of those very large storage backs also 
shipping weight 16.6 lbs . unfolded dimensions - twin - 39 '' x 75 `` x 4 '' ( since it 's a 4 '' thick mattress ) . guessing at its folded up size per the picture ( which *is* true-to-life ) , something like 39 '' x 28 '' x 16 '' . fyi it comes in a duffel-bag inside the shipping box , but that 's before it expands to full thickness . i could n't easily figure out how to fit it back in the duffel bag . if you need to ask that question , the actual seller linenspa answers questions helpfully at 800.560.9239 online @ linenspa.com monday - friday from 9am - 5pm mst . 
that is exactly how i use it in my tiny trailer . fold out to sleep , fold in to sit on and have more floor space . 
neither - it 's poly cotton with an an elasticized matrix crisscrossing through it . grips tight - does n't slip . 
stays on well on a memory foam zeta long twin with motorized head and feet electric lifts in the bed hope that helps 
it 's deep enough to fit comfortably on my son 's dorm mattress which is 36 x 80 x 7. so you 'd have a little extra room but probably ( ? ) not enough to be a problem . good luck to you . 
i have a standard depth extra long mattress . it goes on really easily . there does appear to be room to fit a mattress with a greater depth though . 
nothing will remove smoke completely . this machine though is as good as it gets with three filters . i have owned several different brands and none have proven to work any better no matter what the cost . 
you can use it either way . you have to turn the ozone on and is not recommended for anyone with asthma or chronic lung issues . 
all i had to do was put filters in . easy ! 
fully washable and does n't fall apart . highly reccomend it 
it was very simple . assembly is nothing more than following a couple of steps to insert the filters properly . no big deal . same goes for the cleaning which i 've done to mine . i like it so much i now have two , one upstairs and one downstairs . 
it is a 5 year warranty , not 3 years . 
having one of these units for about a year now , i 'd say probably not . the reason : this unit has comparatively low air flow rate which means it simply ca n't pick up particles which normally are not `` air suspended '' like fine dust , smoke , etc . dander , to my knowledge `` resides '' mostly in fabrics like carpets , cloth upholstery , etc . unless the mfg . specifically mentions a given filtration ability , it 's normal to assume `` does not apply '' when looking at such needs . 
i do n't know about 3500 feet but my basement is 2000+ sq feet and i have to use it on low otherwise i get that metal smell . it 's definately powerful . 
not very noisy . i have it in my living room and it does n't bother me with the tv or anything . the only problem with it is my tv remote randomly turns it off . i would say it works great and you should buy it . good luck ! 
first of all : you do not want a lot of ozone production . ozone ( at best ) is a respiratory irritant and can have serious health effects if exposure and `` dose '' are long and heavy . second , i too found that , even after a few months - there was little build up on any part of the filtration system in this unit . it is not on the consumers report list of approved air purifiers , either . at least - i looked and could n't find it . i have a little larger honeywell unit which absolutely has a higher rate of air volume . but its filters do n't show much build up either . - the dust build up is more noticeable on the honeywell unit than the mountain air unit after about six months though . i 've taken to running both together in a bedroom just on the idea of applying some `` overkill '' because both units are rated for larger floor area . the ozone output i keep at about 25 % of max and sometimes i turn it off completely . 
fit v nice , good material , 12 each level 
the distance between the surface of the bottom tier and the crystals that hang below the top tier is 5 1 2 '' on mine . ( the distance between tiers without the crystals is about 7 '' from mirror surface to metal `` fringe . '' ) there 's about 6 1 4 '' of clearance on the top tier mirrored surface before something sitting on top would touch the lowest , metalwork scrolls . on my stand , i hung the extra crystal that was included as a spare down from the middle top below the ring by bending the wire 90 degrees and slipping it into the stand as the top is tightened during assembly . you wo n't believe how much better the stand looks with that crystal in place , and it still give you the full 6 1 4 '' of clearance for the top tier . 
not so sure about the shipping weight but it is worth the money i purchased mines last year they are beautiful and good quality if i would have to guess maybe no more than 12 lbs 
both teirs have a 10 '' diameter . 
what is de diameter of the tiers 
definitely not - it could kill them . you also will need to remove any plants . 
it will have a distinct ozone smell , like after a thunderstorm 
it does have a fan in it . the unit works very well . we use ours at hotels mostly . i do not know the cfm rating . 
i suggest a short test run in an open to air area . when i set it without my glasses , i set it wrong . it did what i had set , though . when i set it with my glasses on , it performed fine . the time setting dial is hard to read . if the test does not work properly , exchange the unit . when it works right , it is effective 
yes , you would have to close all the doors in the room , set the ozone machine to 2 hours and leave the room . then after 4 hours ( or longer , i leave it 8 hours ) return and use a large fan and open the doors and windows for at least 40 minutes . 
approximately 6 '' x 6 `` and 5 ' high 
i would recommend no sooner than an hour ! even after that , there is a slight residual ozone odor , but if you can open windows and doors , it will be totally gone sooner . 
thats a really good question . i have been using mine quite a bit over last year and i have not noticed an decrease in out put . there are parts inside the unit that do wear out over time but i have no idea what the cost to replace them are . im thinking your ozone strip plate may need a cleaning and thats why output has decreased . i 'm guessing here ... 
no idea . i do know that it does a miraculous job of eliminating dog , urine and smoke odors . i have no understanding of the science behind it . 
no , there are no chemicals . 
i also wanted the answer to this question . i searched other websites that sell this item , but only one of them said it was bpa-free . so i looked up the manufacturer of the material , and they say that they never use bpa or related compounds in their food-grade plastics . i feel confident that the answer to this question is yes , this product is bpa-free . but it would still be nice if it was included up front in the product description . 
yes . very light weight . comparable to plastic tumblers . 
yes they do . i just flip the water off into the sink when i unload the dishwasher . these cups are big . that 's my favorite part ! so the water does n't bug me that much 
i love them . they are so pretty.they are made very well . it 's like a hard plastic.you will love them . 
the lids press in with a silicone gasket seal . they can be difficult to press the lid on , but seem to seal well . 
no they do not separate . it 's one piece with the lid . they are not dishwasher safe either . 
sorry the box is long gone and there was nothing printed on the glassed . they have been excellent quality and go through the top rack of our dishwasher regularly . 
they are made of sturdy plastic and i put mine in the dishwasher with no problem . 
they come with straws 
yes , each cup comes with matching color straws and lids . these are great quality and work really well . drinks stay cold for hours and no sweating . love them . the only thing i would change is making them a little smaller . they are big cups ! 
definitely not ! they 're hard plastic . either they will melt or emit toxins ... 
6 matching lids and 6 matching straws 
the trimscale has an 11 lb weight capacity and has over 900 preprogrammed food codes . i 've found that i can find a code to match the food i am measuring ; you can measure solids to liquids and you can calculate a recipe with up to 99 ingredients . just do n't lose the manual . 
about 5.5 x5.5 inches ... very thin ... probably about 3 4 of an inch ... very pleased with mine 
it uses one lithium battery . it is about the size of a nickel and came in the unit . if you are carb counting , this scale is ideal . 
yes , there is a divider in the middle of this cabinet . it does not show up in the online pictures . 
yes , there is a center divider . the shelves on either side are 16.5 '' wide and 11 '' deep with a notch in the rear outside corners where the shelf fits around the back braces . hope that helps . 
brown 
15 x 36 x 42.8 inches 
the cabinet is deep enough to store vinyl records without interference from the doors 
this item is in stock and we can ship out up to 5 in two- three days . thanks , john 
yes they have , but the issues was with the location of screw holes . i had to drill all new holes plus in some cases i just gave up . sorry to mentioned it but it was a horrible experience . 
it is approx 31 '' thanks , john 
yes . takes about 1 hour 
both doors slide open . or if need they come off after building cabinet . it is very sturdy : i placed all my china 
maybe 5 ft. do n't buy it though . i 've had two . first lasted less than 2 years . second one never worked . 
i have had mine about 9 months and works fine , i have it set at 88 , house temperature is 72 degrees . i like the digital display , no guessing how much it was changed . i have not had a water bed heater last longer than 5 years . i like the lower output dons not make a hot spot over the heater , next time i will use two so one does not need to work as hard . i have had a water bed since the 70s and we can not use a regular matters , max98327 
i do n't know . from what i can tell when it is heating it flashes , mine flashes at 80 only when it is heating . i turned mine on , adjusted the up button until display read 80 , they recommend between 80 and 85. it will flash when it heats , keeping the temp set at 80. just make sure you adjust the temp with the up button to 80 or higher . does the display go to 80 when you adjust ? how long have you had it on ? mine took a day and 1 2 before it heated to where i had it sat . you might have a bad unit . i really feel sorry for you if you do , i know these are not easy to change . 
i do n't know the exact but some were in the range of 2 ft. long and about 1 1 2 ft. wide . i have a king size water bed and this heater heats the entire bed evenly . you will not have any cold spots what so ever . i hope this helps . 
yes , i have had mine for about a year and it works great , i have it set at 87 degrees and it is right on . i have only one complaint and that is the price 
we use two to reduce the load on the heaters , but we have two separate mattresses for individualized comfort . 
yes but if it 's like the one i ordered it wo n't get above 82 degrees . i had mine installed for four weeks and it never got above 82. i returned it and got a 300 watt it got to 90 degrees in two days . 
it would work best beneath the water bladder . it would heat better and use less energy to heat without anything between the bladder and the heater . i would drain it , and place it below the bladder . this is not to say it would not work otherwise though . 
it will fit it is small . but it does n't heat very well . 
hello , thanks for posting your question . if an item is bought directly from amazon.com and it 's defective , it can be returned to us . most items shipped from sellers other than amazon.com are subject to the same returns policy but some seller returns policies may vary . you can read more about our returns policies on the following link : 
absolutely ! it has a tight grip to hold onto a waistband and the clip for the keys is snug enough where the keys ca n't work themself off . mine is about six months old and still pretty tight . if it were ever too stretched , i would probably fold the waistband double or supplement with a backing of extra material . 
you can use one hand , your thumb and index finger to remove the key ring with out removing the clip . use your thumb to move the space between the key ring and lift up the key ring with the other fingers and wa- la it 's off in a flash . 
yes , it 's the price for one clip . but honestly the most amazing clip ever ! ! ! not sure how i lived without it ! 
comes with attachments . 
appears so - hardwoods are all i have in my house . as long as you do n't press down on the tube head while using it , i ca n't imagine it doing any damage . 
this was a gift for my son so i can not answer you . sorry 
yes , it comes with a rolling caddy 
you might want to go to shark 's website http : www.sharkclean.com cgi-bin livew site.w ? location=mcopy.w & mcopy=vacuum-landing & frames=no & target=main & sponsor=000006 & lang=en-us . i 'm sure they could answer your question . i just looked in my manual and it states : 120v , 60hz , 550w , 4.6 a 
yes- it is a precious antique looking table and i love it ! 
come in like this ! 
it 's real wood . for the price its very nice . it 's delicate and light weight but gorgeous . if you just want a `` cute little white shabby chic '' type table , then i would highly recommend it . if you are looking for a more `` sturdy , heavy '' table then it would probably be at least twice the price . personally , i love this little table and the price was right . 
yes ... easily . 
i think a regular tv or a flat screen tv easy . but not one of those majorly huge 50 '' old extremely heavy tv that were so heavy you had to have two people to lift it . i use mine as a lap top and writing desk for my guest room ! i love this table ! 
no it does not-easy assembly though 
31.5 h , 31 w 16 d 
white 
36 inches 
yes if it 's on and heating you should hear the fan . there is the mode where just the flames light up ( no heat ) and that setting is silent 
they 're is a single knob dial located on the right side toward the back of the side panel a few inches from the top . it 's flush with the side panel and does n't protrude . 
not sure of sq footage but it heats 2 large rooms with high ceilings aprox 15 ft x 15 ft each . absolutely love it ! 
it does have a fan , it is n't as loud as other heaters fans i have had . it is as low hum but i like it because it shuts out a lot of noise at night . 
i guess so ..it work fine where i live puts out very good heat pretty my husband love his the one i got from amazon . 
you just plug it in . 
yes , there is overheat protection . you can find the manual here : http : crane-usa.com assets 50f0d3ca7a507223c101e2fa fireplace_heater_2013__jan_11_.pdf 
are you asking about the length of the cord ? it 's about 6 feet long . common sense about distance to other materials ... not particularly hot at the back of the heater . 
nope , just 120v . 
product details color : white product dimensions : 15 x 7.5 x 12.5 inches shipping weight : 14.6 pounds ( view shipping rates and policies ) shipping : this item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the u.s. origin : china shipping advisory : this item must be shipped separately from other items in your order . additional shipping charges will not apply . 
thailand according to the product details 
they are hand-wash. but super easy to clean , especially if you run some warm water in them after you 've finished cooking . i 've not had any issues getting mine clean even when food has set in them either 
no 
definitely - i could n't be happier with my analon pans . have never used le creuset . 
yes 
no 
yes 
these steamers can be stacked on top of one another and the chef 's pan lid is then placed on the top most steamer . we also carry nc-00312 and nc-00311 which include a steamer tray and more can be added by purcashing from this listing . 
this item is quite large . i had to send it back b c i needed something smaller -- -like 6-7 inches across . this is more like a large dinner plate ... i did n't measure it exactly . 
yes , i purchased 2 of the steamer inserts to replace a traditional bamboo steamer . usually 1 insert will suffice but 2 handle an enormous amount of food 
yes . it fits perfectly into 13 '' wok though the holes of this steamer are bigger than usual that may be because of the 13 '' size . 
place it over the rim 
yes i put it in my 13 inch wok . it works to perfection 
the insert is 3 1 2 '' tall 
yes , this steamer fits perfectly in the cooks standard multi-ply clad stainless-steel 13-inch wok with dome lid . i think you will be pleased with it . 
no . only 13-inch wok or chef pan . please refer to below links . http : www.amazon.com dp b00421ayke http : www.amazon.com dp b00gmh41za 
it fits perfectly in the 13 inch wok with dome lid . hope this helps . 
this will hold at less 6 quarts 
fits great 
mine do n't when cooking on induction . i assume it would be the same for gas also . 
make in china 
the pan is 4 inches deep and the dome lid is approximately the same height . 
it is 8 inches . 
this item can be used as a wok and the weight of the item without the lid is 7 lbs . 
the flat bottom diameter between 7.5 and 8 inches . 
definitely . i have an induction cooktop and that 's why i bought the circulon set . works perfectly ! 
dear mg , yes that set of cookware is dishwasher safe . thank you for allowing me to assist you with your request . kind regards , audrey consumer relations 
dear wilfred , thank you for your inquiry . our products are manufactured in either thailand or china . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . kind regards , audrey consumer relations 
sorry i ca n't help . we never received the heater . 
yes can put stuff on top 
it contains six quartz tube , quartz tube support the heating wire heating 
i actually do n't think it feels that heavy . i 'm a 31 year old mother of two , i weigh about 130lbs and i can safely pick it up and movie it upstairs . also i 'm a firm believer that if it weighs more that means there is more to it , and it will work better . i recently has a man come to my home to put oil in my tank for my furnace and he could n't believe how warm my house was with it on ! it was 28 degrees outside and that was the only source of heat i was using . i have n't needed to use my furnace at all yet , and my electric bill only went up about $ 28 , and i have the thing running literally all day on the highest setting . i love it ! 
if it 's not your mistake , and the item does n't work within a year , you can return it for a replacement or refund . if the heater parts damaged by buyer or the heater parts do n't work after a year , we can ship buyer a new heater part , but the buyer pays for shipping . 
no . it just comes with the siphon and some tubing 
it does n't filter , other then the small cap on the bottom of the siphon that keeps the tube off the bottom of the carboy . any suspended sediment will go through the tube . i start high in carboy and slowly lower the suction tube as the level drops . works very well . 
yes it fits the 5 and even the taller 6 and 6.5 gallon carboys just fine ! 
i think a bottle filler would work better for you than this ( the contraption that has the little metal piece at the end that presses into base of bottle and stops flow when bottle is full ) . we use this siphon to transfer our home brew batches from fermenting bucket to carboy to bottling bucket , not to bottle the beer . 
the tubes are actually plastic . the outer tube is 23 inches or 58.4 cm . the inner racking cane is 22 inches or 55.8 cm . plenty of length for both my 5 gallon plastic bucket and my 5 gallon glass carboy . 
i actually measured rather than guess . the bottom tip is the widest point and the diameter there is 31 32 inch ( 24.5 mm ) . 
not sure ... that would depend on the dimensions of your carboy and the style width of the neck . my gut tells me that it would not work well for that , but , again , i 'm not sure . i use a 5 gallon glass carboy . 
you should be able to . the siphoning part has a pretty low profile . the question would be how small your opening is i suppose . 
yes , it will work just fine . we have used it for several months this way with no problems . 
sure - this thing will accept a typical cone shaped paper filter . 
15 to 20 minutes . returned ours because it wound up boiling the coffee . 
i have compared mine to the picture of the dcc-2600 and it seems to have all of the same features . 
22 '' left-right x 14 '' front-back x 49 '' up-down 
this product has the following dimensions and will not fit in your closet - product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 14.25 x 22.0 x 48.25 
this shelf is not wide enough for you then , it is 18 '' across shelf space . try sterilite shelves , also on amazon . they come in a wider model . 
i do n't know . a word of caution : mine arrived poorly packaged in a cardboard sleeve `` secured '' with zip ties . it was soiled and broken , but not work the expense of sending it back . i threw it out . 
possibly 100lbs per shelf . it 's very stable and does not warp . 
57inches height34inches length 14inches wide 
this unit is 48 1 4 '' tall , 22 '' wide and 14 1 4 '' deep . i bought 2 and they 're great ! 
i have both sizes . the 34 '' connect with another unit and has gray legs . the 22 '' does not connect to another unit and has white les . the unit pictured here is a 22 '' unit . hope this helps : ) 
including the bottom , it has 4 shelves total . 
dimensions : 17.5 '' h x 21.5 '' w x 3.5 '' d weight ( net ) : 15 lbs interior depth:15 5 8 '' h x 19 1 2 '' w x 3 '' d distance between top 2 row : 2.75 '' , bottom 2 rows : 4.5 '' 
the outside dimensions are : height 22 inches , width 18 inches , and depth 4 inches . it is very well made and very attractive . i use mine to display miniature dishes and such . 
yes & it looks like same wood as rest of cabinet but i do n't know for sure . i love my cabinets ! i have 6 of them for my grandmother 's salt & pepper shaker collection . first time i ever been able to show them . 
they do come with stiff , white gaskets already inserted , but i wouls recommend that you replace them with tattler gaskets . i found the original gaskets to be unsatisfactory as they did not seal well . they are too stiff , which meant that they did not seal well unless the lids were on very tight . shaking up millk or salad dressing , while holdong the flip cap on , would cause leaks around the lid . the stiffness alsomade the lids very difficult to remove , especially for the wide mouth lids . i replaced the gaskets with tattler gaskets , and have been very happy since . 
yes , that 's what i bought them for and they work well : ) 
i just saw these for ten dollars a piece for the regular mouth cap , so this is a bargain by comparison . i agree , it is expensive , but i 'm going to try them . 
your recap lid or a regular canning jar lid ? my recap has never been `` stuck '' i 've had to ask my husband to use his muscle to assist me though . 
did you check the company 's website ? in the faq 's section it clearly states : `` our pour caps are made of fda-approved bpa-free number `` 5 '' polypropylene plastic . while it is not the organically-derived ( i.e . plant bio-based ) plastic typically used in disposable products , it is recommended as the safest choice for food and beverages . '' if this is not sufficient details for you , then contact the company directly . because the food is in contact with the lid only briefly and we do not heat the lid , i am not particularly worried about possible leaching . i 'm so happy to have a lid that works ! 
hello , i called my local brew shop and he measured the stoppers . he recommends ordering a # 5 
it says usa inside the cap 
there is a rubber seal on the inside of the plastic lid . some of them still leak . i certainly would not call them airtight . 
with the lid on they measure 26.5 x 15.5 x 11.5 tall . 
these are made in the usa 
it is 10.8 '' high . dimensions are 26.7 '' l x 15.8 '' w x 10.8 '' h , as reported by rubbermaid . 
possibly to give themselves time to restock if they sell out ? ? i ordered mine on amazon prime and they arrived in 2 days . 
they are not as clear as glass but not completely frosted either . i 'd say more clear than white . you can easily see what is inside . hope that makes sense . they have held up very well . i have n't had one bin or lid crack . 
they are strong enough to stack at least 4 or 5 ( we have 4 stacked no problem ) . of course , `` filled with clothing '' has a wide variation of weight . but if you can easily lift the container to put it on the stack , the stack should be fine . 
yes , they 'll be fine in the attic 
yes ! i stuffed these up with encyclopedia 's ranging from 1 '' -2 '' width about 10 or 12. the way the handles latch to lock in place takes some getting use to but all in all it 's spacious . 
no 
they come stacked when you order them , so yes , they can stack one inside the other . 
it 's 36.4 length 15.8 height and 13.9 width 
yes , these are exactly alike . i have both and can not see any difference . 
mine r 36 w by 14 h by 13 d 
i forget the exact price but yes , four totes . 
yes it can it is completely clear , but depending on how hard your water is it does get hard water stains , so i would wipe it off after you use it . 
no but , there are magnets at the bottom . 
well first off no grommets , but the holes are 1 4 inch across . 
12 
this is clear -- not decorative . 
there is no ring coming with the liner . i re-used my old rings to hang the liner . 
length actually about 71 '' though advertised at 72 '' width is about the same . seems to work well under my shower curtain . no complaints . 
yes , not that anything is a plus about this flimsy thing . 
yes . 72 high , 96 wide . 
yes , there are 3 magnets ( 1 on each end and 1 in the middle ) . it 's a good curtain , definitely worth it for the price . 
yes its a bright gold like the 4+ star rating next to it . i was looking for pale yellow and its not at all pale . 
yes , it is washable - machine wash , cold , gentle cycle . line dry . i have n't washed it yet though so do n't know how it will do , but the tag says it is washable . 
in my opinion , no 
faint outline maybe but no details ! 
no but i love the curtain 
sorry their is not . 
it is a silky fabric , really very lovely and also washable ! 
yes 
i froze them , and my daughter said they were great ! 
no timer or beeper . it cooks perfectly the light goes out when it is ready to open . 
no - it 's very much like a waffle iron . non-stick so fairly easy to wipe ran . 
it makes 12 per batch ... but if you use a standard cake mix ( in a box ) you will have quite a few batches of pops ! ! 
my vesture hot pack replacement measures 11 1 2 x x 8 
not sure what you mean by lava seat warmer , but if it is a heated seat for sitting on at sport events or such , i do n't know why it would not work . you would need to be sure the size will work for what you want to use it in and not microwave it too long . the longer you microwave it the hotter and thicker it gets . it will get approx . double the thickness as it gets hotter so if you only wanted it to be warm you would not heat it in the microwave for too long . you would need to experiment with the timing to get the correct outcome . 
i honestly ca n't swear that my microwave is 1000 w - but ... .. i started with 2:00. keep an eye on it though and when the pack starts to expand i turn it off and take it out . do n't walk away leaving it unattended until you 've done it once or twice and have a good idea of the time it 'll take . i would n't put it in for more than that . i 've always found that the 2:00 keeps my food nice and warm . 
i suppose you could get the oven `` warm , '' then turn the oven off and put it in maybe on a towel . i am not sure about the covering taking the heat in an oven . i would be very careful with that . it might melt , but i am not sure . read all the instructions about it and see if they have other suggestions . 
i normally put mine in for about 5 minutes . but not knowing your microwave i would try 3 minutes and check it , then add two more 1 minute increments checking inbetween . if it starts to puff up take it out ! they will pop ! but as long as you watch them you should be fine : ) 
it would keep the luch warm for them if it was packed in the morning . the only problem is the unit is very hot when it comes out of the micro wave so i would not wanting a 5 or 6 year old touching them at that time older kids ok or it would be ok at lunch time or even at morning break 
hi patricia , are you asking about the casserole dish carrier that the hot pack is put into ? if so , i really do not know . sorry . 
i really do n't know . when i received mine it did n't even come with instructions . sorry i could n't of be more help . 
nope . the pans are very tiny . i bought them for that very use . unfortunately , they 're so small i ca n't use them for anything . they 're still sitting in the box they were shipped in . 
it doesnt come with lid and this i 'd for small egg tart . board or plastic can not put in oven . 
they are pretty small . 1 7 8 '' across the bottom , 7 8 '' deep , 2 10 16 '' across the top 
i 'm guessing 6 oz . 
* 1.25 '' depth * 3 1 8 '' top circumference diameter ( approx ) . * 2 '' bottom circumference diameter ( approx ) . 
top diameter : 3 1 8 '' bottom diameter : 2 '' 
* 1.25 '' depth * 3 1 8 '' top circumference diameter ( approx ) . * 2 '' bottom 
i would say something in between . i just checked one of mine -- they hold precisely 2 fluid ounces brimming full . they are a little more shallow than a standard cupcake foil -- they are a hair shy of 1 inch deep and 2.75 inches across ( not including the lip ) . they are like mini aluminum pie pans . ( i used mine for mini custards for kindergarteners , and they were great for that . ) 
these pans would be suitable for preparing flan . as to the choice of flan as an appropriate dessert after a meal of corned beef and cabbage , that seems like an odd cross-cultural combination . perhaps a bread pudding or tapioca would be more appropriate - something with irish or scots-irish heritage ! 
absolutely tiny . i got these for personal pot pies and they 're definitely too small to be anything but tiny tarts if you 're baking . or maybe an art project ? 
it 's not necessary to close it ; it controls how `` tight '' the closing is , though . the hook stays closed by the end of that screw slipping into slight indentation on the top of the bracket , so if it 's not staying closed very well , you can tighten the screw so it 's more secure . 
there are 3 included . 
perhaps 10 pounds , if attached securely . 
product dimensions width : 1 `` depth : 3 `` height : 3 `` package quantity : 3 pack 
5 8 '' when closed ... 3 '' when open 
product dimensions width : 1 `` depth : 3 `` height : 3 `` width : 3 cm depth : 8 cm height : 8 cm package quantity : 3 pack thanks for your query , sir . 
nope . you 're paying for the convinience of shipping . if youre near an ikea just go and get it there . 
it does n't come any where near the hook - bottom screw hole is too high . 
a purple shirt . 
put the vacuum in front of the crunchies and pull back . they will get sucked up before the brushes can throw them all over . this is with any vacuum . this one is very good on floors too . 
hepa [ hep-uh ] is an acronym standing for `` high efficiency particulate air '' . it is usually a pleated filter and is designed , according to federal standards , to trap at least 99.97 % of airborne particles measuring 0.3 microns in diameter . 
yes , it vacuums the carpet , and it will pull the yarn right out of an old carpet it is so strong , a powerful vacuum ; also , has height adjustment to raise the roller for a bare-floor , the roller does n't stop rolling when switched to bare-floor as in some more expensive models . in all the years , it is by far the best vacuum i have owned for the money . 
i use mine weekly and rinse it monthly and have not needed to purchase anything yet . i have only had it less than 1 year , but it still works just like it did day one . 
you need to tighten the two philips screws which secure the handle to the body . it should n't detach as long as it 's screwed properly . the left side of the back of the vacuum has a clear looking port for one end of the hose , the wider end . the gray part on the hose attaches to that port and you screw it to the right to secure it . the other end of the hose ( narrower black end ) gets wrapped around the back of the vacuum ( there 's a little `` arm '' like thing that it loops over ) and then stuck into the hole on the bottom right of the back . when you want to use the hose you take that end out and stick any attachments onto it . 
yes it does . quite well . 
i 've found it 'll depend on the height setting . i keep it on the second from the bottom for a short rug and it moves fairly well . the higher the brushes , the easier it gets . overall , though , i think it is a great machine in terms of weight . i have a bad back and do well with this rather a really expensive one . it cleans well too . 
i have a wood paneling floor and it does a decent job but i 've noticed every now and then a piece will shoot out the back end , but overall its good . 
it is 14 in . across x 12 in . deep . hope this helps ! 
i have n't cooked any ribs yet but i did cook to boston butt shoulder roast and it done a fine job . if i had to guess , you could probably get 10 lbs or more . this cooker cooks meat excellent . it is a great cooker and i know you will be satisfied . 
i checked the bottom of my smoker unit and it says 120v 60hz ac , 1450 watts . it has a very short ( 12 inch ) 14 gauge cord with a , 3 prong plug , so i use it with a 14 gauge extension cord . i also use it plugged in to a 15amp outlet without a problem . 
yes it does , there are instructions and some recipes . notice how much cheaper it is to buy direct from oster . i think their cost is around $ 50 including shipping . i like the convenience and security of shopping on amazon so i have no regrets . 
no the heat from the unit light the wood 
only one rack comes with this roaster . 
yes . as long as you have a place for the smoke to vent ... that its not a covered balcony . you can set the smoker-roaster on a cookie sheet or metal table . 
the temperature range for the roasting function is 300-350 degrees fahrenheit . you could use the roaster to warm up cooked barbeque ; however , cooking times will vary . 
wood chips 1 to 2 inches long and to inch thick work best . do not use wood chunks . very small wood chips or shavings will burn too quickly and may not produce the desired smoke flavor . 
for assistance with troubleshooting or product service please contact customer service directly . you can send us an email through our website at www.oster.com contactus . 
i have not used pellet ... i use hard wo o d chips , apple , cherry . these are great 
yes , one inside and three on tbe side . 
this says no . 3064 designed to fit bissell zing canister . hope this helps . 
it 's okay on carpet , better on rugs ( like oriental or cowhide or throw rugs . ) you have to work it on the carpet- there is no spinning brush to knock dirt loose , like on some models and uprights . this is good for me , because long hair can bind those spinning brushes . many people say it 's easier to pull the attachment toward you . i have an upright which is easier for the larger carpeted areas , but i did a spot cleaning with this bissell and it seemed to work fine . i have mostly hardwood and tile floors , and this works way better for them than an upright . it has very strong suction , which can be adjusted down for flimsier fabrics and upholstery . if you have primarily wall to wall carpeting , i do n't think i would recommend this vacuum cleaner to you . it would be too much work to clean with it . 
around 5 ponds 
120vac , 60hz , 10 amps 
yes it can . however , would i recommend cleaning sensitive electronic equipment with a floor vacuum ? no i would not . if you are using the unit only to clean the cpu and keyboard that is fine . however , if you are using it for any other use it will have an inherent level of dust that can and will harm sensitive equipment . also , this unit may be cumbersome to use to get into the nooks and crannies as it is larger than those vacs designed to clean computers . i suppose the choice to use it this way is up to the individual , but i personally would not . 
a `` bagged '' cleaner when full requires you remove the full bag and dispose of it and its contents . replace with a new bag and your good to go . `` bagless '' cleaners go something like this : open unit , remove full bin . empty the bin into the trash ( this is an excellent opportunity to review all the dirt and junk you vacuumed since the last refresh ) . pull pre-filter . clean this filter . pull primary filter . clean this filter with the little supplied brush and wedge tool to get in between the filter pleats . reassemble all these parts and you 're good to go . oh , did i mention doing this procedure outside or in your garage due to all the dust you 're going to kick up in the process . wear a mask . gloves are n't a bad idea either unless you like handling all of last months dirt and dust which is on everything . your choice . 
it is approx 16 feet long . 
the hose measures 5feet 9inches give or take an inch . this does not include the stainless steel extension . 
i have n't had that happen to me . the exhaust blows through a filter on the top so it does n't aim at the floor . 
the cord is 30 ft. long . very nice . yes , it does come with a tubular extension . it 's not real long , but i have 9 ft. ceilings in most rooms in my house and you can reach the ceiling with it . ( the flexible hose helps too . ) it also comes with a small brush for corners and a turbo brush which is good for stairs and furniture . 
amps i have no idea ... i do know that it is very powerful , amazing in fact . i have `` shag '' area rugs & it works wonderfully on them . 
hi . it 's moderately noisy . i would n't vacuum after i put my daughter to bed . you can talk over it reasonably well by raising your voice just a bit . i hope this helps ! 
no and i have a dog and 3 cats . i have had better luck with this vacumn in comparison to the 4 to 5 others i have purchased over the past 5 years . 
per bissell , the 3918 has a 30 ' cord and longer warranty , the 9595 has a 25 ' cord , shorter warranty . 
works great . it has a carpet setting and a hard floor setting . the suction is strong enough to clean up those bare floors with ease . hope this helps ! 
the compartment has a red middle tube . i have been using it and also noticed everything comes apart perfectly to be cleaned or washed . the filter is a sponge type and easy to wash squeeze and clean . this vacuum has so much power and particularly the hose ! ! ! i have commercial car vacuums and they do n't have the sucking power this hose have . superb , best vacuum i ever have and i am very demanding with any product . 
spin brush and a stationery brush . spin brush is great cleaning furniture and animal hairs off cushions . 
i am sorry i do n't know the exact weight but it is very light . i can tell you that this baby really picks up the dust and dirt it is amazing to see . i hope this helps . 
the filter is in the upper section of the vacuum . it is removable and washable so that it is reusable . i love this vacuum . 
yeahh but one side is mickey backwards , and in the other is his front side 
yes 
no 220v . 110v only 
plug in 
hi , yes , the mug is included thanks 
about 3 or 4 minutes aproximatelly . 
yes , there is an illuminated power button which is the mickey on the front of the warmer . 
the box states made in china 
2 prong ! 
when the handle is to the right you see mickey 's front , handle to the left , you see his back . 
8 '' and the 10 1 4 '' 
yes . my scan pans still work very well . the skillet is used almost every day . although i always add a very , very small amount of oil or butter to the pan , i have never had a problem with food sticking . however , after frying bacon with maple syrup or other sugary substance , make sure you get the pan thoroughly clean before using again -- otherwise a residue will remain causing food to stick . 
my understanding is that they are oven safe . i am not sure of the difference between classic and professional . i will tell you that i have four different classic scan pans and i love them . they are ceramic coated -- very healthful and clean up is a breeze . hope this helps ! 
the sizes are in the description for the product . 8 '' and 10.25 '' 
yes 
hi , here is the blurb from the scanpan website : `` the scanpan has exclusive ceramic titanium technology . this fry pan is designed and made in denmark from environmentally friendly , recycled aluminium with a pfoa free non-stick surface '' 
denmark 
yes , i use these pans on ceramic cooktop and have no complaints . one of my cheap pans ( martha stewart brand ) warped , when overheated , but not scanpan ! 
love it , not scratch proof but definitely resistant , it is not coated with teflon , pan is through and through and they are lifetime guaranteed 
8 '' and 10.25 '' - go to chef 's catalog website to verify 
you might want to ask ez shelf . they are pretty easy to get a hold of . the way i have mine setup , no , you need a back wall for the center support . and i 'm pretty sure that 's what they will tell you , but you can see what they say . there are configurations ( for a few more dollars ) if you just have a back wall but no side walls . 
it has n't as of yet . 
you will need 1 end bracket - for the rod and shelf . 
if you only have 1 side wall you will need an end bracket to mount 1 side to the back wall 
it 's holds as much as i can fit in it . had it filled with pop , beer , and milk . but it at costco . available right now . same exact thing for $ 14.99 and not this obscene markup 
hi ! it folds down & has a little latch to keep it held down for easy small storage . i use it in my car to hold my purse , ipad etc for organization with my work stuff bc i drive a lot & have to have my ipad , notebooks etc for easy reach . when i do n't use it i just fold collapse it down ! hope this helps ! great durable product 
this is 23.5x14x1.5 '' 
not very much , i was able to hang it with small nails . no sinker needed . 
i ordered this painting and i 'd caution you . while i fully anticipated the red on white background , it came with the red on cream tan black background . not at all what i was expecting . however ... .it fit well with my decor . so be prepared to receive something a bit different since these are one of a kind paintings . they definitely are hand painted . i would n't say they are 3d but if you are asking about the leaves feeling like they extend off the page , then yes - the acryllic paint is often thick and protrudes a bit . hope this helps . 
background is two tones of beige and brown . tree trunk is black . 
one size only . thanks 
i am sorry but the paintings ca n't be customized 
sorry i am not set up to sell internationally . 
i am not sure why your screen shows $ 32 . mine shows $ 54 but i currently have it listed for $ 59 
the paintings are already completed prior to them being imported . they do vary from one artist to the next . the size of the painting is size:90x60cm ( 36x24inch ) . thanks 
they are pretty close . remember you can always return it with with no problem . thanks trevor 
unfortunately i am unable to customize the paintings with different colors sorry . 
the mugs are small as shown in the photo . they only hold 8 ounces . 
yes ... .no complaints ... .i love them 
they are a mix of all 4 colors and each peice is a separate color , so all of the tea cups are light green all of the small plates are blue , all of the bowls are yellow and all of the large plates are the orangy red . i hope that helps ! 
i actually used then for about a month and did n't have any chips or cracks . i sold then to a friend who put them in her cabinet for display . 
china 
it is 10 inches . i have other 10 inch plates that appear much larger than these in comparison though . if you will use them everyday be cautious . they are not heavy stoneware . 
the plates are clay stoneware . they are not your typical heavy stoneware , but are microwaveable . the outside of the dishes are not colored but are a natural beige color . the insides are painted only . 
no chips so far . 
yes ! both the lids that have a slide lock closure and the plain ones with just a hole . fits just fine . these straws are awesome , they fit every thermal glass i own . starbucks , caribou , cool gear , and tervis . great price for a great product . 
i 've had one of them break but not like you described . the end of one of them cracked when the cup got knocked over . no problems so far with screwing the lid on even when my cup was filled with lots of ice . 
yes ! ! 
no . they 're 10.5 '' tall , exactly . i just measured one for you . hope that helps you decide . 
i think you mean thick walled ? they are a hard plastic , they do n't bend like disposable straws . also they are the same diameter as a `` regular '' straw , just longer so they fit in tall 20oz tumblers . 
do n't know , they were bought to replace the straws for my wife and son 's starbucks 24 oz go cups , so we do n't use them for anything else , sorry 
this set is 10.5 inch long , if you need 9 '' inch long please look for 16oz straws http : www.amazon.com rainbow-colored-replacement-acrylic-cleaning dp b00e00z4xy ref=sr_1_6 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1431704601 & sr=8-6 & keywords=acrylic+straws thank you 
i just got one out and tried to move it and could n't . so i would say fixed ! 
sure thing ! they are a hard plastic and stand up well ... . 
not sure of they will fit those containers , they are no bigger around than a madonalds straw , but they are very sturdy , holding an opening open should not be a problem 
for the steps , there is a pull down door under each step . for the drawers under the bed , they are 2 individual drawers that can be pulled out . the drawers have wheels on the bottom . 
no 
of course : - ) i honestly get pretty tired of having to pick my sons pillows up every day to put them back on the bed . im sure it would work just as well as any other bed . there 's a couple of inches between the head board & mattress as well . 
i do not remember the weight limit , but i do know that it is very sturdy , and i would not hesitate to have an adult on the top bunk . there are enough planks that makes it so . great choice for bunk beds ! 
i have the bed where i have room at the end of the bed so i have access to put on the sheets . like waterbeds sheets that came sewn together at the foot end , i did the same but also at the side that is against the wall . the mattress is memory foam so it is very light to pick up to put the bottom sheet on . i just have a comforter on that . easy enough . 
i hand wash not machine wash 
not all of those at once , but it could do a 12 oz can , a lunch tupperware , and a little snack all together . 
yes , from bottom to handle- 13inches bottom to closure- 10 inches i 'll say thermos should not be more than 9 inches tall . 
no smell i 've ever noticed . great size . 
probably water resistant . never tried ice cubes in it . but it 's a cute bag 
the size of this lunch sack is 4 x 7 x 13 inches . i am not sure what 's the dimension of your rubbermaid lunch box but if it is smaller than 4 x 7 x 13 inches , then it would definitely fit . 
i have always used a small coolie with it and it has done well in keeping things cold . i think it would depend on the tempature outside also . 
yes it would work very well . my wife said it would be perfect for that . 
i do n't know the exact dimensions , but it 's a little larger than a brown paper lunch sack . it is perfect for a lunch . 
3.5 x 10 x 13 inches . 10 inches is the total height , including the handle . the height for storage is about 6.5 inches . 
yes it has a very sturdy zipper to close . 
yes 
no way ... maybe 1.5 ... hope this helps ! 
yes it can . good stuff 
hey j , because of the inner material used it is difficult to fold or make smaller . 
not sure if an entire lunchbox will fit , at least two maybe even three rubbermaid containers all at once will fit inside . 
no idea , i 'd guess america 
it 's a well insulated lunch bag . i got it for my husband but it 's fairly large . he has a hard time making it full even with a big ice pack in it . it can easily work to pack lunch for two people . the less it is packed , the harder time it has keeping stuff cold . i 'd imagine that it would be fine for keeping stuff warm as well because it 's just well insulated , it does n't have a built in cold element in it . however we have thermos food containers and they are really amazing for keeping food hot . it will keep food scorching hot for hours and hours . 
not sure ... very flimsy , ... ..i had my old lunch box repaired and threw this one on the shelf ... ..would n't buy again ! ! 
14 '' long by 7 '' wide by 6 '' high . it is fairly large to be considered a lunch cooler . i use it as a cooler on the golf course . fits perfectly in the basket on the back of a golf cart . keeps melting ice contained with no leaks . a great cooler , in my opinion , but not a lunch cooler . 
it is thermos brand . the liner material on the inside is gray in color not blue , but it is very secure and leak proof . i have been very , very happy with this cooler ! 
14x5x6 
you could ask but by experience , it 's a good chance you wo n't even get what you were expecting . the picture i ordered was drastically different and not as depicted . 
40 inches by 20 inches . i like the painting a lot . 
i dont know about other peoples bad experience ( s ) , but i got exactly the print i ordered , except even better than i expected in quality . and shipping was superfast too . 
there is no frame . it on canvas . it 's awful . do n't buy it . if you do ... .good luck . : - ) 
i sent this item back . the way they packed it , ( no box , no bubble wrap , it arrived in paper and broken in pieces ) . then i had issues with the seller . so wires ? i dunno ... lol sorry . 
there were n't wires on the one i received . i returned mine as it looked very cheap , very childish . i should have went with the reviews . maybe your taste will be different and this piece could be beautiful if it was n't a textured piece . i put mine up to an off-white wall and it looked incredible cheesy . 
sorry this is out of stock now 
hi jessica , unfortunately this is the only size available . trevor crivello surely satisfied 
yes , we studio can make that ! pls let me know the custom size you want.. 
hello karma police , just add a photo of this painting for your ref , pls look through our studio ! just let me know the colors you want them to be.. 
i ca n't remember , but it is pretty small . i 'm out of town for a week and will measure it when i get back , if you do n't already have a answer . i really love this dispenser . the sensor on it is even faster than i first wrote about . 
i have only used the simple human soap . but i would think if you buy a soap meant for an automatic dispenser any brand should be ok . 
it 's been a year since i bought the product and i do n't recall how much soap came with it . the dispenser is great . you just have to remember to turn it back on after you charge it . 
yes . standard connector . can connect to any usb port . if you have the charger for the ipad , you can connect to that too . 
yes the part that holds soap is clear so you can see how much soap is left 
did n't time it but very reasonable -- did n't seem long and the charge lasts a long time . i love this product -- especially great in the kitchen with greasy hands . also -- it makes the kids want to wash up more . more than you asked , but thought i 'd share the rest . 
not that i can see . it has to be frequently recharged so you have to be near the recharger . but mine quit rather soon after i got it so i do not recommend it at all . 
it has a rubber seal for the charging port , but regardless it failed to hold a charge after several months of use . 
the simplehuman 11oz rechargable soap dispenser is 7 inches tall . it has a diameter of 3 inches . if there is a `` bed , bath , and beyond '' store near where you live , you can go there and physically inspect the product . `` bed , bath , and beyond '' carry many simplehuman products . 
i ca n't tell , you ca n't get into it unless you take it completely apart . sorry . 
black & decker recommends monthly cleaning using vinegar and water . there is an auto clean cycle that takes about 45 minutes to complete . part of the mixture brews through , and then the remaining mixture is held in the coffeemaker for 30 minutes before completing the cleaning brew cycle . when finished , the machine beeps and shuts off automatically . 
first you have to make sure that the time is accurate on your coffee maker . if not , follow these steps : setting the clock 1. plug appliance into standard electrical outlet . 2. the digital clock display flashes12:00 . 3. to change the time : press hour button until the correct time appears on the display . when the time passes noon `` pm '' illuminates to let you know you are in pm time . if the `` pm '' is not illuminated it is am time . 4. press the min button to select the minutes . note : if the appliance is unplugged or power is interrupted even momentarily , the time may need to be reset . next , follow these steps to auto brew : auto brew 1. follow steps 1 through 10 under brewing coffee . 2. make sure clock has been set to correct time of day . 3. press the program ( prog ) button . 4. the digital clock will flash 12:00. note : if the coffeemaker has not been unplugged the last delayed brewing time will appear on the digital display . 5. to change the time : press hour button until the desired correct time appears on the display . press the min button to select the minutes . 6. press the auto button to activate the delayed brewing . the word auto is displayed . 7. to check the preset auto time , press prog button and hold it . once button is released , the clock time will display again . 8. if you want to change the preset auto time , press the auto button to cancel the auto function . the word auto goes off from digital display . 9. follow steps 3 through 6 under auto brew to reset time . 10. to cancel auto brew , press auto button . the word auto goes off from digital display . 
a quick google search turned up replacement carafes available from amazon , walmart , and kmart . just look for the 12 cup size . 
no 
i never kept it long enough to find out , the smell of plastic did n't go away so i had to return it . 
i really have n't ... it has lessened after several weeks , but it is still there . i used vinegar , lemon and at one point vodka ( all remedies i found on the internet ) to no avail . 
not that problem , but the carafe spills when you pour ! 
i really have no idea on that score . there may be instructions somewhere in the manual . 
no indication that i can see . 
we have the same issue , except the clock is more erratic so there 's no way to set the timer and know when it will start the coffee . i 've given up using the clock & timer on it . the clock is too hard to read anyway since there 's no light . i 've complained to b & d 's customer service , they wo n't do anything for us , so i 'll just live with it until it 's time for a new one and will not buy another black & decker . 
chock full o'nuts 
hello , they are both 8 cup percolator 's . the only difference i see is the shapes are a little different . the pk8000ss is 11 inches x 5.5 inches x 8 inches while the fcp280 is 11 inches x 8.75 inches x 7 inches . i also only paid $ 47.11 for the pk8 - hope this helps . 
i do n't think so but am not sure . i do know this unit works perfectly and has for months now . it makes a fine cup of coffee and is fast . 
stainless steel 
it makes eight , 8 ounce cups . 
you can not emerge it into water , you can carefully rinse the insight out with water . it is an electronically appliance , water and electronics do not mix ! ! ! 
i put the cap , basket , and center stem through the dishwasher but let them air dry . i also scrub the basket with a combo of baking soda and water . as for the main carafe , i soak it overnight with either ivory and warm water or baking soda and warm water , then scrub down the next day . sometimes i run an 8-cup baking soda solution through a brew cycle , with the soda loosely scooped into the basket . i would n't use a drip maker commercial cleaner in it . you 'll never get it sparkling - perks just stain over time , but that does n't hurt the coffee as long as you get the oils out . honestly , as a veteran of perk coffee , the coffee tastes better once you 've broken the pot in and it no longer looks so pristine . soda may not completely clean it but certainly wo n't hurt it , and will remove residue . you may want to make a throw-away batch of coffee after a soda batch , though , to clear out the soda taste . the small things you can do to improve brewing : make sure there is no residue along the top edge of the basket , and wet the basket before putting coffee in it . both these help prevent grounds getting into the brewed coffee . i do n't remember if the description says , but never immerse the carafe , since the three-prong plug connects to the base . also , be aware of the shape the three male prongs in the base - the solder is not as good as the older pots , and eventually one prong may try to disappear into the base . it can be rescued with needlenose pliers , but this eventuality can be at least delayed by not wrenching the plug from the base or shoving it on too hard . i 've learned to just leave the cord connected to the base . you can buy another cord , but if the base prongs go bad in the unit , your perk is going to go wonky and eventually need replacing . 
have n't a clue . i do n't see where it matters . it makes great tasting coffee , fast . like they advertise , a minute a cup . 
yes , fill the water to the 4 cup line and put in your coffee ... my husband puts in 6tbs . of coffee for eight cups so just put in 1 tablespoon of coffee for each cup you want ... 1tbs per cup or less depends if you want it strong..this perc is great ..have had a perc by this company since i 'm married and it will be 37years in september ... .enjoy : ) 
no 
ca n't be hand operated . 4 aa batteries . 
no , it does not rust . 
yes , works great . i use it every day in my bathroom . 
change batteries 
yes 
i 've been using it many times daily since mid-may and it works on the same batteries wonderfully . i have it tuned to the lowest setting which outputs plenty of soap . i love it ! 
you might want to check to see if you put the batteries in the right way . i made that mistake . the pictures are n't that clear which way you put them in . good luck-it works great once you get it going . 
silver with clear plastic and some black trim 
the entire unit is 17.27cm deep x 11.43cm wide x 21.34cm tall 
it 's a wonderful machine but it does not foam . i have several of them and love them . 
10.5 by 8 inches . back of oven has a concave shape to fit a small pizza . 
1 ) : it does not have top-brown only - the bottom tray ( slides in under the rack ) can be removed so that the bottom is more directly exposed to the bottom heating element as well . 2 ) : with the tray removed from the rack , it is the same approx distance from the top heating element , so , i 'd say , `` yes '' 
the top of mine gets warm as expected but certainly not too hot to touch . 
i just finished baking 2 potatoes for dinner , they were cooked perfectly . i have broiled fish , shrimp & scallops in it , fantastic . i cook chicken , pork and just about everything i cook in my large oven . it toasts bread and bagels perfectly . it is just the right size for a person cooking small meals . 5 stars ! 
yes , but the top has a very even toasted look while the bottom has toasted lines . still a good toasting on both sides . that was the problem with our old one , we had to manually flip the bread . 
no . placement on countertop is just fine . however be careful - the shelf rack has no stop , so if you pull the rack out too far - splash 
16 wide x 9 high x 11 deep 
total depth is 11 '' with handle , and would be 9 and 3 4 '' without handle . the toaster is contoured with a bulge at the rear , and the base in front is deeper than the top . 
no , stops when the timer goes off . 
it does make a ding when turned off or the timer goes off . i do n't know if it can be disconnected . it 's not very loud . 
i 'm hoping the pk1200ss replaced the fcp412 . the fcp412 seems , from looking at reviews everywhere , to have had a flaw with the heating element , which would fail after a year or two . if that 's the case , let 's hope they got that problem fixed this time around . 
mine did that too . . . until i discovered the cord was not plugged tight enough into the pot . ; - ) 
i think it 's stainless . 
yes it does ... we also use a # 4 filter ( small ) ( i think that is the size ) in the basket ... the filter makes for a very clean cup of coffee ... works fine 
call the company when in doubt , most are 1 year . we had one for many years with no problems , that is why i bought another one . 
no . it automatically stops boiling water but heating element remains on to keep liquid warm . 
china 
flat power cord 
stainless 
my recollection is that you can splash water on it without too much of a problem ( hard to avoid when filling for use ) but they did not indicate it was submersible . i have had many pots by this maker over the years and i would never place the lower pat of the pot under water . i have inadvertently placed it in the sink with water running around its base as i filled it without a problem , but i have always taken care not to submerge it in any fashion . to clean the chrome exterior i turn it upside down so water drains away from the heating element section and then wipe dry before uprighting . 
our mixer says on the label 500 watts and we are very , very happy . best mixer ever ! ! 
mine has 5 speeds 
yes , you have to make sure the blender is at the bottom of the container . 
i did n't purchase one as i get tired of the appliances i purchase before they fail 
the immersion stick is over 8 inches long made all of metal . i 'd be hesitant to call it a blender stick because there are things i can do in a blender that this would n't be a good fit for like crushing ice . the product is great for specific things ( like blending boiling soup ) . 
some parts are plastic , some are metal . i would say if you thought about it you could guess what 's plastic and what 's metal . hint : the rubber is not metal ; not silver , not gold , not iron , not steel , not even copper , or brass , but what about tin ? no not that either . 
i have n't tried to but it probably could . it 's very strong i just worry about it dulling the blades quickly . 
just regular ol popcorn seed ... we use the one in the bag 
yes , the complete bottom section is stainless steel with holes to catch the kernels into a easy to clean stainless steel pull out drawer . all sides are glass including the door . 
no packets all corn seed ... . u can get it in a jar or in a bag 
the crank is to dump the kernels still left in the popper . i love this machine- so much better than microwave ! 
17 '' tall fits under normal cabinets and about 6 cups with the 2.5 oz bags 6 cups 
yes it will fit just fine on the kitchen counter . 
one of the buttons turns on the popper , the other turns on an internal light . that being said , i do n't recommend this popper , i returned mine . 
it 's 300 watts 
yes , it does leave unpopped kernels . i honestly think it has more to do with the corn itself , as i have never used anything that does n't . they do have a pretty cool sifter scoop that you can get to get rid of most of the kernels when serving , however ! 
you may try it but i recommend that you clean your pot after every batch . 
the pour over brewer uses # 2 coffee filters . 
there is no starbucks logo on the item . the premium pour-over brewer was sold by starbucks ( which appears to now be discontinued as it is no longer on their website ) . the item was handmade by a seattle-based design studio , urbancase . 
i saw that too , and posted it as a review , but it was apparently removed . 
no , a magnet does not stick to either side . 
about a 4 '' diameter pancake that my wife and i like . 
yes 
most likely ups 
yes you can flip it over and cook on the other side . 
4 in diameter . 
it does not - but best purchase ever ! 
i personally like the pan because it makes perfectly round pancakes . you can also cook 4 pancakes at once . so it cuts cooking time in half . i have also used it for grilled cheese sandwiches . 
i think like 4 or 5lbs . i love mine so much ... ..i mailed one to all my cousins . 
yes , i bought it for my dad and he makes sunny side up eggs in it . 
it utilizes a metallic wire as the heating element . there are reflective plates onto which the metallic wire is mounted with spacers . this toaster browns extremely evenly no matter what size bread you are toasting . if you will not be toasting over sized loafs of bread or pastries , i would suggest getting the smaller sized unit . the toast slots are a bit shorter but they are the same width to accommodate thick slices . the smaller unit is almost $ 100 cheaper as well . all in all , you will not be disappointed in the purchase of either size of this toaster . a great product that will also reward you with numerous compliments as well . 
the bta830xl die-cast smart toaster has a higher heating wattage , adjustable volume alert control and a metal die-cast brushed housing while the bta630xl `lift and look ' touch toaster is slight less wattage and has a heat resistant plastic housing . 
the 820 is a 2 slice unit . the 830 is two slots but will toast 4 slices of regular bread or two long slices . perfect for those outdoor sandwich rolls 
not necessary . it has an `` auto-off '' feature , so you can leave it plugged in . 
yes , kitchenaid has one . i purchased it two years ago but i do n't know if they still make the model i have . 
the bays themselves are 6 inches deep and 10 inches long . when a piece of bread is placed in it , the `` elevator '' takes it exactly 5 inches deep . best toaster on the planet . 
a lot of it has to do with the solid , heavy die-cast housing . looks great on the counter and does n't slide around . makes great toast , too . i got one for my wife and another for my mom and they love this toaster . 
they last a year . then the left element burns out . 
while you can place an item to be toasted in only one slot , both slots heat up . there is no option to only have one slot active . 
you should n't have a problem . i do n't know how small a piece of bread you 're thinking about , but everything i 've toasted rises up nicely . 
yes . 
cleaning up from juicing does n't have to be a hassle . with this breville 30 pack of clean & green juicer bags , clean up is quick and simple . designed to fit easily into the external pulp bins of breville juicers , these bags catch all of your pulp , and since they 're made from 100 % compostable , biodegradeable gmo free corn starch , you can just toss the whole bag into your compost bin . the bags will naturally biodegrade in just 3 months . each bag holds 6 liters . 
yes , the bje030 clean and green pulp container bags are usable with the pulp container on the bje510xl juice fountain multi speed . 
there is no horsepower for this item - these are the biodegradable bags that are used with the breville juicer models . personally , i have the breville je98xl 850 watt and love it . good luck ! 
these bags can not be used for that model juicer . you 'll have to upgrade to a breville model with a pulp bin in order to use the bags . 
6 liter -11.5 '' x 15.5 '' ( size given on the box ) 
potatoes are fine but zucchini not so much . 
it 's made very well and is sturdy but it does n't expand as much as i 'd like . so zuc need to be cut in half . other than that it 's great . 
yes , that is true . just pictures no words . i finally figured it out . definitely not worth the purchase price ! ! 
no ma'am and the one i purchased fell apart after a week . hope this helps . 
leave the ends on the zucchini and put on . gently turn next to plate or hold vertically over pan and turn . 
this machine comes with one blade that is always on it and another comb shape that you use to make the ribbon like shavings . the blade that is always on makes one continuous spiral . my personal feeling is that i regret getting this machine . if you have a food processor with a shredding attachment it works much better and faster . i garden and none of my zucchinis ' can fit in it . so purchase a food processor because it has way more uses than this one machine . that is my opinion anyway . 
it does . saut your zucchini with pesto for about 6 minutes and done ! 
i literally bake everything on it . i have not tried bacon though . the only thing that will damage it is cutting it or putting it in the dishwasher . at least that is my experience 
it fits a standard size half sheet pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) . 
usa 
the perfect cappuccino cup ! cup is 4 '' in diameter , saucer is 6 '' . i use mine frequently and clean in the dishwasher . 
it 's 2-3 8 '' high and 4-1 2 ' '' from rim to rim . 
no it is not . you should not put bone china in a dishwasher . it is better to hand wash this item . 
no , i just bought it based on the answer of 2 cups and there is only 1. you owe me . 
yes , but i would assume it has been modified already or manufactured after the recall was announced . if you do buy it , ( i recommend that you do ) , simply go to dyson recall web site , enter the serial number and they pay all costs involved to make it right . my repair was very fast . while this is a high end heater fan , i would purchase it again in a heart beat . 
the am05 motor spins 33 % faster than the amo4 . the am05 replaces the am04 . 
i did n't keep it because it blew my fuses sorry ! 
yes ! 
the dyson hot heater fan is suitable for both small and larger living spaces and the time it takes to heat a room can vary from room to room . this is due to a number of factors such as the size of the room , the thickness of the walls , the number of windows , the temperature outside etc . 
it will go down to 33 degrees . set it to 50 and it will turn on when the temp goes below 50 . 
i believe 800 sq . feet . i have an 1100 sq ft. town house ... i 'd say it fairly moves 75 % of the air within the house . 
if you want the wattage , its 1500 
yes you can plug to a electric timer . it will be shut down automatically . but it wo n't be automatically back to normal mode after unplugging then plugging back . you have to use controller to power it on . hope it helps . 
120 v 
not sure about the range , mine is for 120 volts . more importantly , this device has been recalled by dyson as a fire hazard . 
yes , it will turn itself on and off as temperature requires 
it 's not an air conditioner ... just a fan . it has quite a few different speeds and oscillates , although is rather loud . 
my dyson set at 75 degrees is not warm to the touch and there are no moving blades . also , the exterior is smooth and easy to clean with a soft cloth . if that is what is meant by `` bird safe , '' it fits the bill . 
hello - yes , i researched and saw the recall date : april 01 , 2014. i recently purchased my am05 after the recall was resolved but i was still concerned so i checked my am05 serial number at dyson 's recall website https : www.dysonrecall.com 
no . it has to have power , and then be turned on with the remote or button on the unit . 
oh yeah ... . definitely has a sound . it gets louder as u turn up the fan . 
recall ? i did n't know there was a recall . i will check it out . thanks . 
it was something around 30 x 60 cm 
i think so . even on the highest speed it does n't bother me . 
i would recommend the larger one if younwant it primarily for home use ; i own a regular steamer for home use and am considering swapping it out for the regular joy mangano steamer because of my experience with the mini ; ease of use , works great , easy to store ... and to pack and the quality for the price ! btw ... my mini does work just as good as my regular steamer only con is that the mini holds less water and it does n't have any b attachments which may be helpful for certain fabrics . also , i have tried other brands as a travel steamer ... none were as good as this one ! 
no it 's not 
i did but the steamer leaked.i did not use it for long 
12 '' x 6 '' x 4 '' 
it is perfect for travel . very small and light and easy to use . i have had it for over a year and it never let me down . i even use it at home now- easier than ironing ! 
i am not 100 % sure however it works great for overseas travel ! i use it every summer when i travel to italy ... 
no it is not . sorry . 
use 2 parts water and 1 part vinegar and steam it out to clean the steamer and get a better flow from it . 
i 'm not sure of the exact dimensions but i would guess a little over 6 feet long and around 4 1 2 to 5 feet wide . my husband is 6'4 '' and can lie down on it comfortably while still leaving room for me to sit and our 10 month old to crawl around and play with his toys . it 's big and we 've been very happy with it . 
it does have some cushion to it but is not heavily padded . 
mine did not . 
it does not have hooks to anchor it . it 's a great blanket other than that . 
it 's not really heavy , but the nylon liner may act like a sail in heavy winds . have n't had any issues with wind personally . 
yes , the blanket has a water resistant backing so you can place on the damp ground and not have it soak through . 
i have n't had to wash mine , just pick it up an shake off the sand . the label says not to machine wash or dry it . the instructions are to wash the surface with warm water and mild soap by hand . also it says it should not be dry cleaned or ironed . 
yes , i wash mine using the cold water gentle cycle all the time and hang it to dry without any problems . 
ok for camping 
approx 17 '' x 12.5 '' and about 3 '' thick depending on how tightly you fold it 
thank you for your inquiry . this item is cherry red . 
yes 
24 '' 
the seat is 12x12 . spread of the legs is 16x16 . 
seat is at 24 inches . my counters are about 34 inches and it 's very comfortable 
275 pounds . and i really like these stools ! 
i have not had any scratching on my hardwoods from these chairs . they have been great ! 
i think they might rust , but they are metal powder coated . maybe outdoor under cover would work . i do love mine , but i use them inside . 
yes , it will absolutely stick to your fiberglass tub ... 
yes 
i was not able to take the circles up easily . my bathtub was refinished and then i put the circles down . i followed directions for removing them but the first one i tried to remove pulled up the finish . i stopped at that point . now i 'm living with the circles stuck on the floor of the tub in a less than optimal pattern . 
6 
no amazon will discount the shipping with each set you order ... 
we applied these a couple of months ago and they have stayed in place . we have a very active 1 year old and they have n't moved yet . i would say they are permanent . 
the colors are beige white , pink white , green white , grey white , purple white and black white ... .blue is no longer available and we never had white ... .hope that helps ! 
no suction cups ... ... they have adhesive on the back just like a sticky note and thy come in a pck of 6 
6 and 6 '' each but they did not stick in my textured tub . just a warning . 
no they cant 
the one at costco is half pink , half blue . their site says that the pink side is warmer so you might want to use that side in winter . likewise , the blue side stays cooler so you 'd use that in hotter months . 
density is pounds per cubic foot . this topper weighs 31.6 pounds and it measures 80 inches by 60 inches by 3 inches , and that 's 8.33 cubic feet . dividing 8.33 into 31.6 gives the density as 3.79 pounds per cubic foot . this is a medium density and optimum for most people , but note henrietta 's comment below . 
it comes with a fitted sheet type cover . 
it 's comparable to the brand name memory foam products , perhaps just a little thicker and heavier . in terms of weight it 's pretty heavy 
i 've slept on the topper for around 2 years now with no issues ! if anything it stays cooler than my mattress did without it . after 2 years of use it has n't worn or flattened at and still feels new every night when i lay down , i 'd definitely recommend it if you 're looking for a topper . 
i ca n't see why not , seems like it would be easy to cut ... no worries , nothing will ooze 
not that i have experienced . however , with that being said , sometimes it feels as if it too firm and then the next night , just right . honestly , i think it the way i am sleeping or if i am overly tired . i do have to take it from the top of the bed and use it between the boxspring and mattress . hope that helps . 
i believe it is too thick and dense to fold into a sofa bed . the foam is dense and heavy . it could be rolled and stored though 
i certainly think so , use a yard stick and mark then use a box cutter . or you could call afoam shop and see if they could do it . you could also call the manufactor.i was thinking cutting one for an rv bed as the are not normal sizes . their name is not novaform you have to look it up ... .good luck . 
mine expanded quite a bit and covers my queen mattress all the way , with even a half inch or so of overhang until the cover is on . if you just took it out of the box it might take a day or two to expand all the way , if it does n't after that i 'd contact the seller and see if they shipped the wrong size . 
the height is 1 3 4 '' . i 'm sure the orginal packageing stated 2 '' . it is 4 '' in diamenter . hope this helps . 
yes . 
it is solid on the bottom . 
no . it 's meant for the 5-cup coffee makers . 
i do n't know . it said that it would work in my bunn . but it did not . coffee was everywhere . some reviews even said it would work . i guess it depends how strong you like coffee and how full you fill it . sorry wish i could have helped . 
no . it 's for the smaller machines . 
it fits in a standard round coffee maker that is pretty universal . do n't know the exact measurement . 
does it have a middle stick for disc type percolators and will it fit 7.5 '' diameter coffee percolator ? 
yes . 
i have a bunn it works perfectly . 
yes . 
each piece is 82 x 39 ... and then they are placed together . 
i am sorry if i did n't respond sooner , i thought i had . yes , it should be the total width as you state it above at 121 inches total with the two pieces together . thank you 
l82 x w39 x h31 inches 
this listing is for the dining table only . 
just the table ! ! ! ! 
the table dimensions are : 55 '' l x 34 '' w x 30 '' h the team at access furniture 
the table has screwed it stands ( feet , for the lack of a better word ) on the bottom that are very low to give the impression almost as if there is nothing there , but there is . this table is very , very elegant and extremely delicate . since i purchased it over a year ago , i have not used it to eat on . it is more for decorative purposes . however , each time i sit at the table and place my hands on top of it , i hear a cracking sound as if it will fall to peaces . to add , i had it assembled by my brother who works as a carpenter setting up stages for professional shows for the javits center in new york . additionally , the first time i ordered this table , the top portion arrived in the mail and it was broken into millions of tiny pieces . the shipping box was not damaged or tampered with which led me to believe that it was packed and shipped to me as such . however , given the sad misfortune , global furniture replaced it immediately . i hope this information is of great assistance to you in helping you render the decision of purchasing it or not . 
dear jennifer : this is a table only . the chairs are sold separately under # d803dc . 
it does not come with chairs it is just the table ! ! 
v shaped silver legs - polished 
this product is the table only . we do offer the coordinating chairs separately or in a set with the table . thank you for your inquiry . beyond stores . 888-349-6096 
hi aj , you should contact the store you purchased from and get assistance . if you purchased from us , please contact us at our customer support and we 'll be happy to help you resolve any issues . sincerely , mark 
this table is 26 x 51 x 19h 
it has two small hidden storage spaces . but be aware that i ordered this item and only one part was delivered ( it should come in two boxes ) . when asked for an exchange from amazon , they sent me another item but it was also the same part ! so i ended up returning the item for a refund . 
it is certainly black . the table is great . i am still trying to get plastic wrap off of the footstools . all in all great product . 
no . my coffee table is 50 '' in length . 
width 43 in . depth 26 in . height 18 in weight 40 in . 
white legs i bought this table ... .it 's great buy 
lower shelf is strong . but because of the 4 corners of the upper shelf , i think it may not be safer for a household with baby . the table is beautiful and the glasses are strong . 
hello , due to the nature of your query , please contact customer service directly . they will be able to assist you with your order . here 's a link to their contact form : 
i would definitely say black . i have `` black-brown furniture from ikea and this is darker than that 
the height of the table is 18 inches . 
6 inches and an additional 4inches from the woodtoth bottom shelf 
i have had it around six months . it looks pretty much like it did when i first set it up . very durable . 
i like 
43 '' x23.5 '' x17 '' tall 
there is a matching end table sold separately . you should be able to find it online with some searching . they make a very nice looking set ! 
dimensions for coffee table : with : 43.00 in depth : 26.00 in height : 18.00 in dimensions for end table : width : 26.00 in depth : 26.00 in height : 18.00 in 
its about 1 4 to 5 16 of an inch . 
contact global furniture usa directly on the phone # listed on their web site `` globalfurnitureusa.com '' . their customer service will direct you to the dealer who can order and supply the part ( s ) . 
a room about 10 ft long by 13 to 15 ft wide ( 130 -150 square feet ) with average insulation . the 475 watt envi heater has been specifically designed to heat an average room measuring 130 - 150 square feet in floor area , to between 68 and 72 degrees , even in the coldest parts of the country . in rooms that have one or more of the following conditions : inferior insulation , many windows , staircases leading upwards , adjoining rooms that can not be closed off ( open plan ) or outside entrances - this ratio may have to be lowered slightly . for rooms with above average insulation or warmer climates this ratio might be able to be increased . you can add as many heaters as you like to heat any size room , home or office . for rooms with no insulation or for rooms such as sunrooms with entire walls made of glass we recommend a ratio of one 475 watt heater per 60-80 square feet of floor area . 
a woman i ran in to at lowes sad she bought the eco heater and it got so hot it could burn . she said she bought this heater from the manufacturer and it does not . - side note- the manufacturer sells this heater for 139.00 
it 's a different seller than amazon or eheat ( the manufacturer ) . e heat is in the `` other sellers '' area . makes you wonder how much those rip off sellers pay amazon to get top billing ... 
i have a well insulated attached-garage conversion , but with large , single-pane , non-insulated windows on three sides of a structure with an overall size similar to yours . there is also an outside door that is weatherstripped , but has no storm door associated with it . additionally , there is a ceiling fan that i run all the time on low , changing the direction of the fan rotation to respond to the seasons . in other words , updraft in the winter , and downdraft in the summer . i have chosen to use three of the envi high-efficiency electric panel whole room heaters placed , one on each side of the room with the windows , under windows since these heaters work by convection ( air flow ; hot air rises ) with the heated air passing in front of the poorly insulated windows . in my case , i find that three of these heaters , set on the lowest ( temperature ) setting , are necessary to keep the room at about 70 f in the cold winters of northwestern new mexico , a temperature comfortable to me . if you have a lesser number of windows that are smaller and better insulated , you may find that fewer heaters are required , especially since a basement is typically better insulated from the wind and exterior temperatures than even a well-insulated , above-ground structure . remember , these heaters put out 425 watts , about three times less than a typical stand-alone electric heater , but their appearance and permanence of installation are considerably more pleasing to the eye . also , if you were to have a ceiling fan in operation , the overall comfort of the room would be considerably improved as the localized temperature differences ( near your windows ) would effectively be eliminated . 
i bought a separate plug-in thermostat to use with it . after i set the thermostat i put the heater on the highest setting and then plugged it into the thermostat . 
soundless . ie . it makes no noise whatsoever . the only way you know it is on is by the red led power light . 
yes , it can be plugged in and unplugged . there are different models , some a plug based and some are hardwired , some are 120 vac and i think they might have a 240 vac model too but jot positive on the last one . just make sure you get the 120 vac plug model and you 'll be fine . 
if you buy the plug-in version you can move it any where you like . you just have to install the mounting clips again or the unit will not turn on . it 's a safety switch . 
the envi works by reflecting heat on the wall it is hung on . the wall above the envi gets fairly hot ! that hot wall is what heats the room ... more so than the heat escaping from the envi . i 've located my envi about a foot above a hot water baseboard that i was concerned about . i 'm not running that hot water baseboard much , so i 've been afraid the pipes would freeze . that 's why i installed the envi ! so far , in my application of a far bigger room , and installing the envi on an outside wall , i have n't frozen any pipes . tomorrow ? we 'll see ! if you use yours differently , and do n't leave it on , your mileage could vary as well ! there are few guarantees in life ! 
well , it 's 450 watts @ 120 volts so is around 3.75 amps . wv=amps 
yes 
only one tray . 
only one 
nsf mark the nsf mark assures consumers , retailers and regulators that products have been rigorously tested to comply with all standard requirements . more info http : www.nsf.org about-nsf 
asked and answered : this is the cost for 1 tray . 
label says `` made expressly for bed bath and beyond . '' nothing about brielle -- maybe they supplied the fabric ? because label says `` filled in usa . '' label is in english and french . 
yes , these are machine washable . no bleach , machine wash cold , dry low heat , remove promptly from dryer . 
i have a twin size comforter . it is 86 inches long x 68 inches wide . 
very soft . looks and feels like flannel , so i believe it is . it 's very warm too . 
we do not carry quilts . 
no , no noise . it 's a soft quilted flannel and is fine for colder weather , indoors . 
the flannel is the cotton ... 
the twin size , which i have , is 68 '' by 86 '' . 
you need both pieces ... .the outer plastic cup and the filter that goes in it . they come together ! 
the v-2 comes with an adapter to use the k-cups in your vue machine . 
it was confusing for me too ... the v1 is for the keurig vue line only , it does n't fit on the others . note the `` protuberance '' on the right side of the picture , this cup goes in only one way . on the v1 the water goes in at the top through the center and comes out from that thingi on the side . the k cups are round and water comes from the top and goes out at the bottom . i bought it for my vue and it 's very nice , also the size allows for brewing up to 12oz single brew , depending on your coffee and taste . hopefully this clear up a bit of confusion . 
that 's what i have and it works awesomely ! 
i find that the holder is fairly large . i can put one to three scoops , and i find that 3 scoops does good with my travel mug . but my keurig has a strong button on it and i push that for certain kinds of coffee , like kona which is very mild . when i brew french , i brew normal , because it is so strong . i hope that this gives you the info you needed . i buy columbian supreme , arabica beans , medium roast . so the kind of coffee you buy makes the diff also . 
bed bath & beyond carries a big selection of the vue cups 
it works just great . sure saves a load of $ $ 
no 
since christmas so about three months . some dredge at the bottom but not more then with a pre packaged vue cup . ca n't imagine any damage , it 's at the last stage the worse that could happen is the it spout gets clogged but that has n't happened . 
we have a vue and it works very well ... .we actually purchased a 2nd v1 . the design of the 2nd one is slightly different as the basket has less of the `` gold filtering material '' but they both work equally as well 
the console is 30 '' high , 42 '' wide , 15 '' deep . 
6 3 4 '' 
i consider them to be very sturdy and of high quality . i have both pieces and they look great . 
mine is 4 1 2 inches - on a tile floor . i just measured it . we love the console , by the way ! 
1 shelf on each side for a total of 4 sections . 
it has a particle board back with cutouts for av equipment wires and visable screws . i would n't want it showing if it were me . 
all i know it says on the details that the harmonization code is 9403608081 and the manufacturer reference is t580-46 . the other mestler furnitures by ashley does n't have any harmonization code like this , so honestly i did n't know if i was able to help you 
i have it , i love it ... .and i just measured it and it is 30 inches high . 
it is shipped with a freight company like yrc 
no , actually the reverse is true . the problem we encountered was that we already had a bedframe with a headboard that will not accommodate the bedding set . we ended up giving it my in-laws to use on the guest bed for the kids when they come over because all they have is an inflatable twin mattress , no headboard , butted up against the wall and that works out just fine . hope that helps . 
hello , we do n't have any more stock of this item right now , and we 're not sure when we 'll be able to get more . i 'd suggest checking our website from time to time to see if this item is available . if anyone is selling it , you 'll see a `` more buying choices '' box on the product detail page . if it 's not available from any sellers , you might see an `` alert me '' link ; `` alert me '' allows you to sign up to be e-mailed when amazon has stock available for purchase . we hope to see you again soon . 
no only usa and canada 
all incredibeds simply zip up around a twin mattress and box spring . its like a fitted sheet that covers the mattress set . 
no sorry only twin 
yes 
nope . mine is going strong at 6 months or so without anything but regular cooking . just do n't get extreme with the heat , and definitely let it cool naturally instead of shock-cooling it with cool water . 
yes , it is about 1 '' deeper '' ( higher rim ) 
yes , it fits both well . 
i have the 14 '' wok and its diameter at the bottom is 7.25 inches inside & about 7.5 inches outside . 
7inches 
it will . the bottom of the pan is of same size as the small burner in a standard oven . 
3.15 inches x 19.69 inches x 11.02 inches 
no , you ca n't put this in oven . 
yes 
i think it is . i bought one my phone is a verizon s3 unlocked and it works for me . all you really need to do is turn on the bluetooth and the phone finds it in seconds . 
is n't velcro but stays in place while you 're typing 
yes but very bulky . 
yeah anything that has bluetooth capability will work with the keyboard 
i would say yes as long as , its a galaxy s3 
yes 
it should mine works through the blue tooth 
it 's a rather thin piece so it barely has acilivity . but it is also very soft which allows its edge to go down against the edge of your sink ... 
interesting question as it is a dish drain . it is silicone so it should be heat resistant , but i do not know from experience . 
no . it does n't . it stays green . the mat itself is a bit thin , but it was perfect for what i need it for , just a way to dry glasses without them getting a bunch of condensation stuck inside . 
you do n't have to i just out the whole thing in if it fits . orange juice tastes better if you peel the orange though . 
it extracts the pulp . for me , that much waste is bothersome . i drink a morning protein smoothie , so i make sure to trim the vegetables before juicing . that way i can take the leftover pulp ( ie fiber ) and add it to my smoothies . it 's already broken down so it mixes in very easily . also , i add it to soups , spaghetti sauce , etc . i 've stored it in the fridge and the freezer . i 'm very happy with this juicer . i 'd love one of the high end ones , but i do n't want to pay that much money . this juicer is a good price , it 's easy to use , very easy and quick clean up , and i would recommend the purchase . 
it does any fruits and vegetables . wheatgrass is a whole different thing . you need special extractor as far as i know . i have a small hand crank on for wheatgrass . but honestly if you are using kale and other leafy greens you wo n't need wheatgrass . the other alternative is to just add dried wheatgrass powder after you make your juice . that 's what i do now . much easier than dealing with fresh wheatgrass . 
no . it 's a juicer , not a blender . it 's amazing but it 's not a multi-purpose machine . 
performance and power of motor increases with wattage increase . 
the je98xl juice fountain plus does not come with a recipe book , however there is a section of recipes in the instruction book . 
yes 
the je98xl juice fountain plus comes with a juice jug to capture the juice when the food is processed . 
centrifugal juicers , like the je98xl juice fountain plus , do not process bananas well . bananas are best processed in a blender since there is little to no 'extraction ' actually done on the fruit . 
just checked it out , it 's just 110 . 
there is a basket in the center for the pulp . if you 're not going to use it much , this juicer would be a fine beginner . but if you 're serious about juicing , i would not recommend this one , 1 , because the pulp container is in the middle and you have to take the juicer apart in order to empty the pulp bin . 
when done using it takes maybe 5 minutes to clean everything and put it all away . have n't had any problems with it using or cleaning . i love my juicer . 
this is an excellent juicer for that ! it quickly juices fruits and veggies and i have made fantastic cookies and breads with the pulp ! i have recommended this to quite a few people : ) 
try googling it . 
the bje200xl juice fountain compact has a top-shelf-only dish washer safe juice jug and juice cover . 
yes 
sipping through a little opening . no spillage . best thermos ever made . keeps things warm cold over 8 hours . 
no ! it does not ! ! 
it 's stainless steel , it 's great because it keeps my ladies coffee warm for hours , she is so happy 
i have with out any issues . 
yes , it covers very tightly the opening you are drinking from . great quality product ! 
no , it 's well insulated so it feels room temperature . same with cold drinks , does n't feel cold . 
the top goes back pretty far but it will still be in between ur eyes a little..but a great one cause it locks so can not open and spill like others.. 
after two weeks in service there has been no deterioration of the surface finish . 
9.1 inches ( see description ) 
essentially same thing . this mug goes everywhere . close top & lock it & it can be tossed into any carry bag . no spills no muss . it is my best find , period . beverages stay hot for 7-8 hours really . holds 16+ - oz . cleans easily 
it is non-stick teflon coating on the inside , stainless steel outside.i believe there is another model sans teflon coating . 
yes , i use hot chocolate in the mugs.there is no any problem of it . the temperature holds very well even after i finish my class all day long . 
sa48 is newer 
it 's only $ 28 , just buy a new one 
it 's actually the same , but this one is an older model because the colors are different . they both come in the same sizes and use the same mouth piece . there is no big difference . 
i do n't know . i bought the sm-sa model . but i think it 's not like pink . 
i wouldn '' t , but i do n't know what the manufacturer says . 
sorry it is made in thailand . 
it is like a coated steel i think ... ? ! it 's not one of those stainless steel you will see from starbucks tumblers . hope this helps . 
i think so . the button to open.it is fairly easy . she may just need help opening and closing when adding liquids . twistng the cap on and off . 
japan 
yes 
i looked on their website and this is what i found : zojirushi slicksteel finish is an alternative to our nonstick coating . they are non-coated on the inside and instead use an electrically charged polishing process to treat and finish the interior . the result is a corrosion resistant surface that repels foreign substances and stains , creating a smooth and ultra-clean stainless steel environment for your drinks . for more info - http : www.zojirushi.com products smkb 
i gave it as a gift but if i remember correctly i would say like 8-9inches 
i do n't have a keurig , but i can say that this size is about 6 1 4 inches tall without the lid on . hope that helps ! 
main difference is : sm-khe series has a `` slicksteel '' finish on the interior to prevent corrosion and stains , while the sm-kb series has a different type of non-stick coating on the interior that does the same thing . the sm-kb series is the newer of the two models . both models are identical in terms of size , weight , etc. , but come in a slightly different set of colors . my sm-kb48 continues to serve me well . see the following link for more info : http : www.zojirushi.com ourproducts how_and_chart comparison_pdf stainless % 20mug % 20comparison % 20chart.pdf 
i have used mine at work , everyday since december 2013 , dropped it and banged it around a couple of times and no chipping ! ! there is a small dent though : 
it 's attached to the lid of the mug which screws off for cleaning ( and separates into 2 pieces plus a silicone ring gasket ) . with one hand you can press the button and the lid springs up and back and stays there until you close it . it wo n't flip down while you drink . i saw some reviewers complain that some of the lid latch mechanism interferes with drinking but i have not found this to be the case . i love this mug . if you want hot liquids to stay very hot for several hours , this is for you . it 's beautifully designed . my only complaint is that it has a high center of gravity . so it you have a big dog with tail that sweeps items off a coffee table ... then maybe another mug : - ) 
it does not leak at all , i can hold it upside down and shake it and nothing leaks . and that is after several months after using it , so the seal does not deteriorate . i do n't know the answer to your second question as i always wash it after using it . 
the mug is made in thailand forzojirushi . 
q5 . what is slicksteel finish ? a5 . zojirushi slicksteel finish is an alternative to our nonstick coating . they are non-coated on the inside and instead use an electrically charged polishing process to treat and finish the interior . the result is a corrosion resistant surface that repels foreign substances and stains , creating a smooth and ultra-clean stainless steel environment for your drinks . 
thailand 
this is the largest size and it does n't have any kind of condensation outside . 
you just pop the cap open and sip . it 's super easy . you do n't have to unscrew the top . 
it is more of a matte finish . the finish looks very nice and has held up to many hand washings ( almost daily ) so far . 
the top is 9 inches in diameter and approximately 2.5 inches deep , the bottom basket is 11inches in diameter and 3 inches deep 
shiny chrome 
the bottom can hold a fair amount , maybe six pieces of large fruit , or double of medium sized stuff , the top is smaller , i use that for either smaller fruit or garlic . i like it ! 
it is about 15 inches from base to top ( i.e . top of the loop ) , and about 9 inches from base to the bottom of the second tier . 
did you try it ? it might be an issue that the two baskets are tightly connected unlike the hanging baskets -- the whole structure will move together . 
it is about 15 inches from base to top ( i.e . top of the loop ) , and about 9 inches from base to the bottom of the second tier . 
110 
power : 200 watts 
made in china as usual : - ) 
yes ... you can control the consistency of anything you use this on . you can use the pulse on it too . i love it . 
yes i need to hold it 
typical length but you probably want to mix near an outlet 
jason its a standard cord length like a toaster or mixer 
does n't say 
no 
i 'm not sure but personally i would just buy a new one because it 's not too expensive . 
plastic 
yes it does ! i have himalayan salt in mine . i think himalayan is softer than regular coarse salt so this works very well ! 
4 inches tall and 2.5 inches wide excellent product very easy to grind salt 
no , it 's a very delicate tool that even has issues grinding salt that is too hard . 
you can definitely grind some spices - i 've used it for peppercorns and cloves without a problem . have n't tried cardamon . i think the only problem would be the small top opening . the middle grinding piece does not come out ( i suspect it will come out , but i think you would have to use a small wrench ) , so you have to fit your spices around the middle grinder , which would be a challenge with anything larger than cloves . 
no , not made of glass . a sturdy plastic . 
have n't tried it but i would guess flax seeds are too oily to be ground in this unit . 
i do n't really know but one thing that i do know this is the best cookware i have ever owned . i have purchased cookware that i thought was a great value , but ended up regreting spending the money on `` junk '' . the cookware looks great , cleans up wonderfully and i would recommend this purchase if you are considering purchasing the cooks standard nc . 
some of the other cook 's standard sets are reportedly made in china - this set may be as well . wish they were made in usa . . . 
i do not use any of the cook 's assortment of pots . what i use for cooking rice is a cast iron pot , which i picked up in panama over 25 years ago while stationed there with the us navy . the pot in spanish is called a `` paila . '' you can make perfect rice every time with a `` paila . '' they come in assortment of sizes . so i ca n't help you with your question . one thing you probably know is that rice grows as it cooks so it takes up more room . also different grains of rice cook differently , thus the results are very different . i always use less rice because one gets so much more when the rice is done . i also go for fluffy rice that almost stands up when finished and the bottom of the pot produces `` crunchy '' rice that is referred to as `` concolon . '' 
absolutely no . i love being able to see how everythings going without disturbing anything . 
no they are not non stick 
yes , so far they have been awesome . definitely a great buy . 
the lids are glass with stainless rims and handles . 
they are glass with stainless steel rim . they are great cookware . 
yes both frying pans can use lids from the pots . 
yes they fit . 
you do not have to season the pans like cast iron , but you are seasoning them to make them non stick per say . i use coconut oil in my frying pan to season it . let the pan heat for about a minute , then put in your oil of choice . i use coconut oil , swirl it around the pot until it starts to smoke , then turn off the heat and wait for it to cool . pour out the excess oil and wipe the pan down . it is now ready the next time you use it and the food should not stick . if it starts to stick just add a little more oil . 
in case someone wants to be extra sure ( i 've had issues with so-called induction cookware before ) , i have a samsung induction range & these do work on it . 
we bought the cooks standard set about two months ago and have no regrets ; my wife and i are no chefs but if you 're like us i doubt you would be unhappy with either set . we enjoy the steamer that came with this one but do n't use it as often as we thought we would . our set heats very evenly and cleans easy . 
it has a very small hole that vents 
yes , the lid for the 3 quart pot fits the 8 inch frying pan , and the lid for the stockpot fits the 10-inch frying pan . 
it fits in both of the 1-1 2 quart and 3 quart saucepans , but it is too small to be used on the huge 8 quart stock pot . having said that , the steamer is probably the best thing about this set . if you like to make veggies with pasta , for instance , one can easily steam the veggies above the boiling pasta and then strain the pasta right in with the veggies : saving both time and the use of extra pans . 
i gave these to my daughter for christmas and she has n't mentioned any burning yet ... i kind of like not having the non-stick pans myself because it seems as if they are better to cook with ; at least they are for me . i would just say to use pam or some other spray if you 're going to be cooking something that you know will stick to the surface of the pan and watch your heat . 
product description what 's in the box : 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan ; 3-quart covered saucepan ; 8-inch open skillet ; 10-inch open skillet ; 8-quart covered stockpot ; universal steamer insert include a cover . 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan measures 14 by 7 by 4 inches . 3-quart covered saucepan measures 14-1 2 by 8 by 5 inches . 8-inch open skillet measures 16 by 8-1 2 by 2-1 2 inches . 10-inch open skillet measures 18 by 11 by 3 inches . 8-quart covered stockpot measures 14-1 2 by 10 by 8 inches . universal steamer insert measures 12-1 2 by 8-1 2 by 6 inches . 
it 's under product description : what 's in the box : 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan ; 3-quart covered saucepan ; 8-inch open skillet ; 10-inch open skillet ; 8-quart covered stockpot ; universal steamer insert include a cover . 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan measures 14 by 7 by 4 inches . 3-quart covered saucepan measures 14-1 2 by 8 by 5 inches . 8-inch open skillet measures 16 by 8-1 2 by 2-1 2 inches . 10-inch open skillet measures 18 by 11 by 3 inches . 8-quart covered stockpot measures 14-1 2 by 10 by 8 inches . universal steamer insert measures 12-1 2 by 8-1 2 by 6 inches . 
wonderful 
l47 x w65 x h30 
sure , and no problem to dry with a cloth 
hello , no , unfortunately we do n't have this item in black . there is only two colors available : grey and white . thank you ! 
hello ! please feel free to use this link : https : www.dropbox.com s 9hwx3u5hvk15pl1 keena_sk-cj033c-2.pdf if you have any other questions please contact us . thank you for your business . 
the dimensions are 34 '' x 23.7 '' and the smallest as it can get is as it is show in the picture , then you can extended on different configurations and get it bigger on different directions . 
yes , but only if the extension cord has at least # 14 awg ( and preferably , # 12 awg ) conductors . `` standard '' extension cords using # 16 and # 18 awg conductors are not up to the current drawn by this heater . 
yes , 2 prong polarized . 
1200 and 1500 watts . low and high power settings though i found that the low setting seemed identical to the high setting judging by the sound and the heat output . in fact i returned the first unit because of that and now find that the replacement unit is just the same ! i do like it so am keeping it . 
actually it is `` relatively '' quiet . the fan motor blows a decent amount of air so you do hear the fan . there is a small click when it cycles on , but not loud at all . i use this little heater for an entire 25ft rv and the rv propane system does n't even kick on when this thing is running . and remember , it is small , about the size of 1 2 of a shoe box , but it moves a good bit of air . 
given its range and specs , it will most likely , in my opinion , heat a small part of the garage space . if you are working on your vehicle and directing it to your workspace , it will do an okay job . 
it will work great 
7 inches including handle and feet . 
it has two dials - one adjusts the force of heated air and the other adjusts the heat . depending on where you set the dial , the heater will cut itself off at that point . the dial does not have 'degrees ' on it . it will automatically cut off if you tip it . it 's a great little heater . 
this heater has an automatic shut off that will set off your caution light and shut down the machine and keep it off if anything blocks or overheats the grill . it will also keep the machine off if the machine has reached an abnormal internal temperature . i would email the manufactor . 
hi no it can not be . thank you carl 's rv 
no 
just a little over 1 4 . '' the edge is solid enough to keep any spills inside the mat . it is absolutely perfect . i really like it . 
the tops are rounded , and there is no sense of `` prickliness '' about it . they look like rounded pillars . 
yes..absolutely . black seal is removable too . 
yes 
sorry but this one is only good on rugs that have no nap , like berber . the turbo brush is not motorized like on a full-sized vacuum cleaner , so any nap ( shag ) on the rug would simply stop the rotation of the brush . 
nope , and the tools clip onto the suction tube so it likes to keep popping off while you are vacuuming . 
sorry , i do not know where to buy a replacement for the hardwood floor attachment . 
the seller , great vacs , has wonderful customer service . tap on their name on the amazon ad and that will bring you to their site where you can go to customer service link and type your request . they are very friendly and professional , i 'm sure they will hook you up . hope this helps . it is a great little vacuum that out performs machines that are 3 times it 's cost . love it ! ! ! 
of course . all you do is disconnect the head from the hose and use whatever attachment you want for the job . just remember , without powered brushes it wo n't pick up all the stuff on the carpet . we have cats and it does a good job and the head does n't get jammed . if it does just unplug the vac and pick the hair out of the brushes . be sure and have suction setting on 'high ' and change the bag when it 's getting full . 
yes , very effective . i 'm able to vacuum in confined areas like the laundry room without problem . this was not the case with my prior canister vac , i 'd get wheezy . i use the gv x12 often and love so much about it . give it a try , the price is great . 
i do n't think it 's `` supposed to , '' but it does . have n't had any problems with it , but also do n't use it all the time as i also have an upright . 
manual 
nope . 
excellent question ! i did research before buying this vacuum and it turns out you need to buy the bags directly from greatvac . i will bring one bag next time to walmart to see if they carry some standard ones with the same size . 
if by `` tippy '' you mean will they tip over when empty , i do n't have a problem with them tipping over but i only stack them 2 high . they are pretty for the price i have no complaints . i stack them in the back of my truck to take to the recycling plant and they do n't tip over in the back of truck either . 
bin measures 13.5 '' tall ( handle folded down ) , 10.5 '' wide and 14.25 '' deep . 
product dimensions : 14.2 x 10.5 x 13.5 inches ; 1.8 pounds 
each basket stands about 12 inches tall . i hope that helps . 
i purchased the containers for me and mom . you can use small grocery bags to cover the container , but you may find it 's not needed . the bins are lightweight so you can easily wash them in out in your sink . i hope this helps . 
the composition is plastic . it has to get really , really , really cold for plastic to freeze and become brittle . each bin is only a little bigger than a paper grocery bag and unless you put bricks or steel weights in the bins , they should not be stressed when being lifted ( frozen or not ) . 
they do stack inside of each othe , r so if they would fit into a suitcase that would work check the dimensions . 
the bins live in the freezer and are wonderful . it is what makes the freezer usable and keep sense of what is in there . i do n't gave the recycle code . 
on the bottom of the container it says '' hdpe '' - hope this helps 
14.2 inches x 10.5 inches x 13.5 inches ; 1.8 pounds 
i 'm not sure if they meet the actual hepa filter name requirement , but they do collect more dust than the standard filter . we have three dogs , two cats and two small kids . our neato and these filters make a huge improvement in the cleanliness and dust in our home . 
i think they are a knock-off as the neato name does not appear on them . worked fine . 
actually the one that came with it lasted about 6 months or longer , but my husband would clean it very well . these new ones are sorta plastic and i just washed them and let them air dry so i hope they last a long time . 
i had that repeatedly this week -- i removed the brush multiple times and could n't see a thing . eventually i found there was a clump of dog hair buried deep under the rubber band that makes the brush roll . only a tiny bit of it was poking out but eventually i was able to work the clump out completely . i find this message appears a lot less often if i empty the dirt bin before the machine asks me to - in the middle of a sweep , or while it is recharging before it goes out again . 
yes , these do work with xv-11 . 
yes 
i use a canister vacuum . i have heard where other wash them in water but i have never tried that . 
only xv-21 
no . there us a new dust bin . see http : www.cnet.com products neato-botvac-70e-robot-vacuum enjoy 
yes it looks like you can upgrade the xv-14 to the latest firmware , which will support the new roller and filters , like these xv-21 filters . the firmware has to be updated before the robot will let the new roller work , though , and the filters wo n't work either without those two . 
exterior : depth 9 '' , width 16 '' , height 8.5 '' ; interior : depth 6 '' , width 10.25 '' , height 3 '' ; bread slot : 1 '' thick , 10.25 '' width , 4 '' depth 
the toaster does ( pop up ) but the oven will run till you turn it off . its great for a small office though . 
the baking tray is 6 '' deep and 10.25 '' wide . there is 3 '' room above the tray to the upper limit of the oven area . 
nope . tops off at 500 degrees 
8 deep 15 wide 
yes 
cause they were a pain in the b**t ? 
yes . you can lay 2 pieces of bread side by side . so , you can do 2 sandwiches . 
so far it toasts nice and evenly . 
no it does n't . the only button is the power button . 
no , i just checked mine . it does n't have a fan . 
18 '' wide , 9 1 2 '' tall , 13 '' deep ( including `` pizza bump '' ) 
no , it 's large enough to cook about half of a regular sized pizza but certainly not a full regular size . it 's fine for about 3 regular sized slices of bread for grilled cheese , etc ... 
no it goes back 13 '' but it is curved so you can cook a pizza a 10x10 pan would work 
yes it comes with a tray . when the rack in in the lower position it comes out as you open the door . in the top position it stays in place . 
a 13x9 pan would be too big . i am able to cook a full size pizza and i have used a 8x8 sqaure pyrex pan in the toaster oven . i absolutely love the toaster oven , i have made cookies and casseroles . i hope my answers help . 
only about an inch . you have to pull rest of the way . 
works fine as a toaster - the dial takes a little getting used to as to how far to turn , but once you have it , its ok ! 
it is a roundish bump-out in the back of the toaster oven that allows you to fit a frozen pizza in there . the negative is that this curved out feature means you can not put the toaster oven flush against the back of the counter . i did not like how much room it took up front front to back so i ended giving mine away and buying one without the pizza bump . if you heat up a lot of frozen pizzas and you have a lot of counter space , the model with the pizza bump should work for you . 
this does not have the convection oven feature . i , too , was a little confused about this , but decided to order it anyway . i am glad we did because , hands down , this is the best toaster oven we have ever owned ( i ca n't believe i am excited about this- it really is true , you do eventually turn into your parents ) . very spacious , cooks and toasts evenly , and the crumb tray covers the entire bottom so it is very easy to clean . we have had it now for about 6 months . i would buy it again in a second . 
it would probably work better above the coals , on some kind of grate or grill . the open fire is obviously going to discolor and change the outer appearance of the cooker which wo n't make any difference in the way it cooks . i personally have never tried to use mine over open fire . i think as long as you 're producing steam inside of the pot , uneven heat will not be a major factor . i do like to have the ability to reduce the heat after the initial steady stream of steam appears . a propane fire would be my first choice . 
i would say `` no '' , the liquid has to convert to steam in order to cook . also becareful of the seasoning and liquid that you use , i used a sugar base seasoning and beer and burnt the bottom of my cooker . i let the liquid evaporate too much . i was doing a lime flavored sweetcorn . 
holds 7 quarts to the rim . i have done 18 ( 36 pieces ) ears of sweet corn halved and added 25 oz can of limearita and tex mex seasoning . cooked 40 min after start of steam . 3 pieces left . i have also done chicken , potatoes , carrots , onion and sweetcorn with limearita , s & p . 40 min when steam starts . good comments from guests . i also have done other foods . 
the diameter is approx . twelve inches 
very little , you can barely feel the steam out the weep hole . less than 1 psi i think . 
i wish i were able to help you . my son in law wanted this for christmas . he never has mentioned to me what he uses it for . all i know is my daughter said he really liked it .. so sorry 
noreen , this is not electric . i have used it on the grill or open fire . i take it camping , the back yard , the kitchen , you name it . if it is hot , if it has coals , i can cook with it . noreen , i suggest you go on line and look at the site , http : www.cancooker.com all your questions will be answered there . noreen , i use it a lot . but i am also a huge fan of the cast iron camp fire cooking pans . i think a lot of it has to do with being different and having a great meal to share . please , make sure this is what you want before you purchase . like i said , i use it and i love it . 
yes there a cookbook . it will help you get started and it does a good job . 
aluminum 
no it does not 
the 15.5 is firmer . both mattresses good firm support . 
medium firm 
you will need extra-deep pocket sheets . 20 in . 
the warranty is excellent and the comfort is extraordinary . i 'd never owned a gel mattress before , but it 's the best investment in a bed i ever made 
aaron , this has got to be the best bed i have ever slept in ! i would recommend this mattress to everyone , and i do ! i am 47 years old and have many different kinds of beds ie waterbeds , etc . i have never had a better night sleep . i do n't know about the grand cool breeze but this mattress is very tall and comfortable . i never wake up with back aches anymore . it also has a manufacture warrenty that will last longer than i live lol . it is worth every penny and i would suggest you give it a try . you will not be disappointed ! trust me . if you have any other questions i will gladly answer them . sincerely , christi-ann ciccone-storman . 
i used by amazon card at 0 % interest for 12 months 
yes 
nope , just the mattress . dynasty sells a separate box that 's pretty good -- for people who have n't seen the inside of a box spring it 's somewhat disappointing ( cheap wood , cheap fabric ) but it does the trick . 
my wife has been using ours for over a year and she is satisfied 
this 15.5 is pretty firm , but not like a traditional style mattress not like a rock . i they offer different thicknesses which are softer , please be aware the 15.5 is hard and costly to get sheets for you really need the 24 '' sheets for this bed 
no we do n't have , but the 14 '' is firmer mattress than the 15 '' . 
i would have to answer medium firm . and i thought i would dislike it . but my back feels a lot better . 
yes 
medium firm 
yup , it 's just a mattress . i have the king size 15.5 '' . i did get low pro box sping because it was just too high on my sleigh bed frame . 
from my information the foam used in the mattresses is made in china . there was no particular information on where the mattresses were made except on several web sites a mention of made in the usa . i purchased several of the dynasty mattresses several months ago and all were excellent , extremely well made and exceptionally comfortable . 
i wish i could answer that for you as i bought the king . you should contact dynasty directly . 
no it does not . just the frame and it 's great ! ! 
i purchased queen sheets and they fit just fine . 
it 's not in a box , it is rolled up and in a super thick bag . the dimensions are approximately 30 '' diameter x 78 '' long . 
mine were wrapped separately . 
looks like a regular glass of wine would hold . it 's not big , but it is a normal size glass of wine . 
no . it is lucite . perfect for pool , camping and outside activities . 
do n't think there would be any reason to . wine should be chilled ( white ) or not ( red ) . it keeps it as well as a regular wine glass ... ... but offers the peace of mind from worries about spills much better . enjoy ... ... we have ! 
nope . unless you drop it or put it in the dishwasher . big no no s : ) 
it 's a sippy lid . 
you need a step up and down voltage converter transformer ac 110 220 v - 500 watt , or just a step down version . the juicer does very fantastic job . 
mine in hong kong was with the british type . 
this is for 220v-240v . as you know , the u.s. uses 110v . if you want to use in the u.s , you have to connect the voltage transfomer from 220v to 110v . i believe you can find same model with 110v . try ... .. 
that 's absolutely fine . 
no , unfortunately not and this will not work in the usa . 
from what i can tell with my own that i recently ordered , it fits a twin sized bed and reaches the floor on either side of the bed . it may fit a full sized bed , but if you do use it on a full , it might not go all the way down to the floor on the sides . however , i can guarantee you it wont fully fit a queen sized bed . so , it will fit a twin , xl twin , or a full double bed . : ) hope this answer helps answer your question ! i absolutely love mine ! ! 
yes , it comes with two pillow cases 
it fits a twin size bed with a little extra room . however , it faded tremendously after one wash and was a very itchy cotton after as well . too bad because it was exactly what my daughter had searched for . now it 's not used at all . 
hi . i bought this a year ago for my grandson when i was in australia on holiday . it was cotton but not sure if 100 % or poly cotton . i can not comment on how it has washed but we were pleased with it when arrived . hope this is off some help . 
yeah it 's fine i use it year round 
full size 
yes . completely machine washable . also able to put in the dryer but on low heat . it will take awhile to dry but any higher than low it will shrink . hope this helps : ) 
i did n't have any issues but i have a pillow top . it works well on my tall mattress . it 's worth the buy even if you have to buy those elastic bits with the clips to hold it on . side note , i 'd say this is water resistant rather than water proof . would n't recommend for a bed wetter . 
yes ! it is totally waterproof ! liquid of any kind ! an awesome product i think ... it has a silky satin feel on the top , a very nice product . 
it 's not a bag . think of it more as a fitted sheet with a thin , somewhat vinyl top . it 's not padded . the sides are a sheet material . 
i have been comparing them too , i have n't picked yet . seems like the material is different ? premium $ 25 one says soft cotton terry surface -- to keep our protectors cool and noiseless , the surface material is made with soft cotton terry back coated with a breathable , hypoallergenic and 100 % waterproof membrane layer . cotton terry naturally absorbs moisture and is completely noiseless . 
my daughter is sleeping with this specific cover . i sleep with a very similar one . no neither of us sweat on it . 
no . there is a polyurethane barrier between the bottom of this and the mattress . ultra thin polyester layer is on the top . 
hey there ! i do n't believe so.. as this is n't vinyl that you can easily wipe wetness off ( i had the vinyl one before i bought this but that made my children very uncomfortable in sleeping ) . 
yes , i would suggest you put a sheet over it . 
yes , it is fitted . 
like a fitted sheet . does not encase mattress . 
i would just get a regular mattress pad , unless the person sleeping has severe allergies or another reason to need a waterproof mattress pad . 
i have n't noticed a difference . it feels very cloth like , rather than plastic . 
im really not sure but there is a lot of room to stretch it might come up in the middle but if someone is lying down should be no problem it tucks far under hope this might help 
i am not sure . a twin bed is 39 inches wide . a youth bed is 33 inches wide . make sure you have measured correctly . 
i do not use on the mattress , i cut the pad loose from the side stuff , place it long way across the bottom of a queen bed so it keeps our feet and legs very warm . we roll it up and take on trips when we travel . we really like it the way we use the electric mattress pad . great buy for the money . s hudson brant 
this mattress cover is not thick . it is thicker than a sheet . 
no you do n't even know it is there . it is great . 
yes 
yes , the twin xl saferest will fit the dimensions you asked about . 
http : www.saferest.com saferest-premium-vs-classic-mattress-protectors.html 
a full size is 54x75 and a queen is 60x80 . i would buy the full size because it would fit much better than a queen size . 
i bought two twin xl ( adjustable king-size bed w two separate mattresses . the protector fits down over the sides to secure , but primary protection is top . 
no 
saferest will be available at amazon.ca in about 3 weeks . 
o.k . after several tries and going straight to their website , i became more confused as to what was made of what.i finally just called customer service and talked with a very helpful young man who cleared it up.the classic top is made of ultra thin knitted polyester , the underside waterproof barrier is made from 100 % polyurethane . there are no pvc 's , vinyl , or and he was unsure of the pronunciation and spelling , but it does n't have pthath 's either ( your guess is as good as mine on the last one ) . the premium is 100 % cotton terry.i still love the product no matter what it 's made of . 
it goes on like a fitted sheet . the pad portion covers the entire mattress . i imagine tightness depends on thickness of mattress . my daughter has an 8 inch mattress and it still fits well but would be tighter on a thicker mattress . 
no . it is just like another sheet on your bed . 
yes 
if i was concerned about that i would get the one that slips over the entire mattress and has a locking zipper the first one i ordered did this one is a fitted type 
i do n't see why it would n't be safe . but in not sure . works on our mattress . it goes on like a sheet . 
the packaging reads 3-year warranty but it does not specify what is covered on the warranty it has a website you can consult www.saferest.com and a phone number you can call 888-714-7408 . 
i do n't think it will because it 's vinyl on one side . 
not at all . no sound , no heat ... it 's like cloth on top and a plastic underneath ... ..i 'm hot natured , and would rip it off if it made me hot and it does not . hope this helps . 
it is like a cotton back plastic tablecloth but it is very soft under your bed sheet and very nice to touch . i like it and will get one for all my children 's beds 
not at all 
my mattress is very thick ( pillow top ) and it fit mine just fine ! 
we have it on a 13 inch memory foam mattress and it feels fine . it 's not that thick so it 's not noticeable . 
yes , i tried looking for one made in the us but could n't find one . 
does not seal the mattress , fits like a fitted sheet . 
mattress pad only . 
ca n't hear it ally all , like it 's not even there . 
if you are asking how much does it weight , i dont the exact weight , however its very light , easy to open up and fluff across the bed . almost like a shower curtain liner but it feels like a regular bed sheet . it 's not heavy or padded at all.i hope that helps . 
do n't know . suggest you try to contact mfg . good luck ! 
i am a mechanical engineer . i ca n't give a precise answer , but in general the lower the quality of stainless steel ( ss ) the more it will attract a magnet . the sides of this dish rack do not seem to attract a magnet at all , = & gt ; good ss . however , the wire parts have a very strong magnetic attraction , on the level of ordinary carbon steel . the wire part is shiny , suggesting that it is nothing more than plated steel . = & gt ; not ss at all . i find it to be very functional in design . but to call this product ss is false advertising . 
it 's a smoky grey sort of translucent 
mine has not shown any signs of rust at all . 
i have this item and would not trust in washer . i believe the tray would be too large , unless you ran it by itself . they are not marked `` dw safe '' . 
i wish there was but i am afraid not . my sink is to the right side of the drain and i like to put spoons etc close to the drain side but in this case , i have to go on top of the dishes to put it on the opposite side which was annoying in the beginning but now i dont feel it . its probably the best drying rack out there . 
mine was red - with stainless steel sides . i bought it at costco . but beware ... ... ... the wire racks rust almost immediately . and you ca n't get the rust out - it just reappears and stains china , porcelain , glass , etc . it 's such a shame because it is well designed . obviously , the manufacturers knew it would come in contact with water - why were n't the wire racks made of stainless steel too ? i had to throw mine away . 
19 inches in length and 14 1 2 inches wide 
we purchased our rack from the local wholesale c*stc* warehouse for just under $ 30 back in november of 2013. it began to rust after about two weeks of use . it 's stainless steel but must be of poor chinese quality , because the bottom of the rack is rusting pretty badly now . about every three months , we have to give it a hard scrub to remove most of the rust . am thinking of returning it to the store . i do like the design though . . . 
the metal part is 15 x 15 1 2 by 6 `` tall . the plastic silverware holder would be added on the the length , it is about 3 `` wide 
yes , we have 100 pieces in stock . 
it is not . it is a silver finished plastic . my purchase was not a good experience . the product leaked continually and i did report to the seller who did not respond . it was poorly packed . bought ahead of time for a large shower , so first use was a couple months after purchase . bah humbug . trashed it . no choice . that 's not to say it will always be the case for a purchaser from this seller . but i was not happy with the seller from whom i purchased . 
you can sit a glass under the tap . the base is about 5 inches high but it 's hollow . essentially , the base is a galvanized steel ( thin ) ice bucket that 's turned over and the jar sits on it . it 's stable enough for careful adults but i would n't trust kids to pour from it . 
its heavy , the glass is normal thickness of a regular mason jar ( the 6 '' ones ) . hope that helps 
on the stand 16 1 2 inches off the stand it is 12 inches 
hey kate . it 's 10 3 4 inches tall . i 'm very happy with this product . 
jug is 12 inches high ... 
i think it is intended to be a stand for the jug or an ice bucket . do n't think you 'd want to set the jug on ice in it , but i never tried that . 
made in china . 
mostly . one problem we had was the glass shattered on the first use . my daughter poured hot water into it to begin to steep tea . not boiling water , just hot . 
you do n't need a weight when you use the kraut kaps ! ( that is , as long as you do n't open it to check the contents , once it 's been fermenting . ) when you fill your jar you 'll be leaving 1 '' head space from the top of the jar - then you 'll screw on the kraut kap and fill the chamber to the 'fill ' line with water - then let it start to ferment . within a day or so the contents will be producing carbon dioxide , which will displace the oxygen that 's in that head space - and that 's what prevents mold on the top , and ensures an anaerobic environment for your ferment . the important thing is to leave it alone until your ferment is ready . if you open the jar to check it , you 'll lose that carbon dioxide , and if the fermentation has progressed far enough that there 's not much more co2 being produced , it wo n't be enough to re-establish that anaerobic space . if i need to check mine , and decide that it needs to ferment a little longer , that 's when i use a weight and maybe add a little brine to cover the weight ( but the kraut cap does not go back on at that point ) . hope that 's clear enough ! 
no , you do n't need a weight ! sometimes i do n't even have all the vegetables below the surface of the brine . it 's the contact with oxygen in the air that enables molds to grow ( and when i ferment with a crock i keep the ferment under the brine and weighted , but still have to remove mold every few days ) - but these caps prevent mold because the air lock enables the co2 to build up in the jar , which prevents mold from growing . but , know that you ca n't check the contents , so you have to guess as to the length of time to ferment . i put a date on the jar so i know when it was started . of course , if you need to ferment it longer you can always go back to the weight - in my experience , i have n't been able to use the cap again with the same ferment , probably because after a certain amount of time , the production of co2 diminishes too far . still , i love my 'kraut kaps ' - they 're neat and easy ! 
the gaskets and grommets are silicone and highly durable . they should last indefinitely , possibly with some staining from highly colored ferments because they are clear . clear platinum silicone is used as it is the most food safe silicone available . 
brine coming out the top means there is activity in the ferment . a good thing . do n't worry about the brine coming out the top but do check inside to make certain your ferment is still covered in brine or you will have mold . sometimes once the ferment gets active it pushes enough of the brine out the top that you need to replace a bit of it . 
leave more space in the jar or add more brine as it leaves the jar . i fill to a little below the shoulder on a half gallon jar . i find it helpful to add compost from your local wooded area to the top to keep the sauerkraut clean and free of pesticides and other harmful chemicals that made me sprayed during the fermentation process . its important to remember that the barrier must be ruptured in order to mitigate the suffering of the heat treated sour pockets so that the glass stays intact through out the entire process . if you do the proper research and put in the necessary effort you should end up with a sweet citrus tasting sauerkraut that is bound to round the critters : ) enjoy a healthy gut everyone ! 
if you are referring to the airlock lids that employ a regular metal canning band , the difference is that this lid has the screwing action of the band and the sealing action of the flat cap all combined into one . with the added benefit of not getting rusty or tarnished . if you are referring to the flip-top style glass jars with the wire bail , the difference would be that these can be used with any wide mouth canning jar , and the `` primal pickler '' style jar we carry is all glass and includes the jar and lid all in one , but obviously is more expensive and costs more to ship . i hope this helps ! 
yes 
no 
yes they are according to the seller . fyi : if you are buying quart jars these kaps only fit wide mouth jars . 
no , these are easy to clean and assemble . the airlock comes apart to allow thorough cleaning . you can put a small amount of food grade mineral oil on the ring to make it slide more easily , but these caps slide to open and close much easier than the silicone ring inserts you can buy for the plastic lids . 
i do n't think it would work well for someone who is 6'2 '' . i bought this chair for my 16 year old son , and it works very well for him . he likes the comfort of the chair and the stereo . however , it is a bit too small for a big person . 
yes 
i spoke to amazon and they said they could n't help past refunding some of the money ( which they did ) ... then i contacted the boom chair folks and they said they would send the wires ... just did this yesterday so have n't received them as yet but they seemed pretty friendly and willing to send ... the email address was rma @ lumisource.com ... .the phone number was 847-699-8988 ext.48 ... good luck . 
hello , due to the nature of your query , please contact customer service directly . they will be able to assist you with your order . here 's a link to their contact form : 
you would need to run a wire that the chair provides to you 
the unit itself has the following dimensions : width 19.5 '' , height 25 '' , depth 13.5 '' . however , note that the exhaust pipe juts out the back for about 9-10 inches before it can be folded around in a perpendicular direction . so you really need a depth of around ( 13.5 + 10 ) inches . 
the window adapter is very flimsy , about 4-5 inches wide by 3-ft. long . if you have windows which open vertically the adapter will probably work fine . it is not tall enough for most windows that open horizontally however . 
to utilize the included vent kit , it would need to placed within four feet or so of a window . even if you are going to rig up your own ventilation system , it still requires the ability to vent into a space that is not being conditioned dehumidified . 
you will need a window or at least a place where you can put hose for exhaust 
i do n't think there is a way to not use the fan 
just about the same as a window unit . 
the tag lists it as using 6.3amps 
4 '' -6 '' i think . 
not sure i totally understand the question yes it is fairly lo energy- my electric bill definitely went down a couple dollars when i got it . it is movable , but not so portable- not usable outdoors , and once it is set up , well it has wheels , but it does need to be vented , so it is rather fixed in position while running hope this helps 
there is a drain pipe very low to the ground.its a pain to drain so cut a groove in a large tupperware . it lasts 12 hours . 
if it 's humid you may have to empty the water using the drain on the back of the machine at the very bottom . there is a cap you must unscrew then water will pour out . your cap may also be loose . i had to empty my machine once and have not had to do it since ( about a year ago ) . if the cap is tight then you have a defective unit because there is no where else it could leak from . 
it works on my 20 amp circuit , but it will be most of the load . if it 's hot outside and this is on it should be the only high-powered device on the circuit . even a computer or two may result in it tripping . 
if you could define `` small '' in square feet this would be a much easier question to answer . if you live in an apartment complex or have a small condo , yes it should cool a small bedroom ( 200-300sqft ) easily . 
a majority of the condensate is evaporated during operation . however , when the unit is turned off the condensate pools in the bottom collection tank and within the interior hoses . you can manually drain the condensate through an upper port as well as a bottom port , which you should do before storage or long periods of non-operation . it is relatively easy to drain the unit , both ports have a plastic retaining screw ring and a silicone plug behind them . when i have drained my unit after ~7 days of continuous operation it will purge around half a gallon of water . 
it only requires one hose for the exhaust . one is the intake that does n't require a hose to be hooked up to it . 
there is an air intake . i looked at it quickly , and tried to pull the intake screen but it did not readily pop out . keep in mind it is designed to dehumidify as well so if you pull air from an outside source and it is humid it may not cool or dehumidify as designed . 
19.9 in to 47.25 in 
it 's 5 '' diameter by about 5 ' long accordian hose . blows really cold & does n't suck too much electricity . 
i believe the warranty is one year . you can find the manual and warranty online at the honeywell site . there is also a phone number you can call there and ask the questions . the flexible exhaust extends up to approx . five feet . the unit is excellent . it 's more than capable of keeping several rooms cool . the flexible hose is incredible . it can be moved in to multiple positions . if you purchase this unit you will not be disappointed . by far well worth the money and then some . 
yes . 
according to honeywell 's website the window bracket adjustable from 19.9 to 47.25 inches . 
yes , i have mine set up that way . it would help if you had something to keep the window in place if it 's not heavy enough ( i use a sliding window lock that screws in ) . 
the hose and a plastic window slide mount for the hose come with the unit to discharge the heat evaporating process . kind of a bumber as my windows swing out . it is made for windows that slide up so plastic insert can be placed in open bottom of window , which is a security risk if on the 1st floor . also hose gets quit warm and should be insulated to prevent heat from hose interfering with the cooling of the room . the unit works very well in our 2nd fl master bed room . but a permanent install would be better , where you back the unit up to a exterior wall hole saw a hole through and install a dryer type vent outside . i hope this explanes it ! i bought this because i have been recovering from back surgery in bed and we were having our hottest summer in alaska . especially upstairs as we have no central ac . had my boys install it . definatly does the job , kept our large bedroom cool . 
this unit does not require draining at all . we have been running this air conditioning unit for a month now and the self evaporating feature works perfectly . as far as quiet all i can do is speak of this in a relative manner . we had a very nice 8 thousand btu window unit that was very quiet . when it was running we only had to turn up the tv one or two levels to hear at a comfortable level . we had to replace it with a portable unit because our neighborhood has a covenant that bans window units . this honeywell 10,000 btu unit is much quieter . my wife and i can leave the tv volume at the same level on or off . in reality the sound it makes is a soft soothing sound . we like to turn it on set to run for one hour when we go to bed because we find the sound to be quite relaxing . i hope that helps . 
9.5 a 
it comes with a 4 inch diameter hose that connects to the back on the unit and out the window . the hose has an adapter that you place in the bottom of of the window sill . you close the window down to the adapter . your window is only open approx 4 to 5 inches . this exhausts the warm air and humidity to the outside . it is very simple to install and requires no tools . i had my unit up and running in less than ten minutes . i am very satisfied . also unless you are really looking for it it is not noticeable from the outside . 
it absolutely will . all you have to do is turn it vertically instead of the exhaust resting on the window sill . the exhaust kit is very adaptable and very intuitive to use . in addition our unit i still running beautifully . it is in use every day in florida in an upstairs master with a ton of glass overlooking the 10th green with afternoon sun . in twenty minutes it gets the room down to 65 degrees if i want it to . i love this air conditioner . 
sorry no it doesnt ! ! i wrote the wrong word sorry it is by far the best machine we love it and you dont have to dump any water 
i am also in cali . on a hot day it takes about 15 mins to cool down our bedroom . we leave it set on auto so it turns back on as needed every hour or so to maintain the temp . 
the product description says 400 sq . ft. ( standard ceiling height being about 8 ft ) 
yes ... .as long as the single expresso cup has a lip diameter that is greater than the distance of the two drain spouts . i 'd measure that distance for you except that i somehow inexplicedly lost my complete coffee grinds strainer mechanism ! 
1 ) the ec220 looks like a $ 150 machine and the ec155 looks like a $ 50 machine , 2 ) the ec220 has about 1.5 inches greater clearance than the ec155 and lets you use regular mugs , and even some tall mugs if you remove the drip tray . i have taken both machines apart and can vouch they are both the same internally . i found the ec220 for less , but i would still spend the extra $ 20 on the ec220 . that said , i would get the poemia black for $ 120 if i could go back in time . : - ) 
yes ... two spouts ... 
made in china.trust me it 's worth the money ... .enjoy ! ! ! 
it uses an ulka pump that is used in pretty much 99 % of espresso machines , including $ 2000 machines . this one will last if you take care of it . first thing , one minute on and then one minute off . run it for 5 minutes straight and it will not last very long . this goes for every vibratory pump , not just ulka . second , must descale the machine every month , no matter what kind of water is used . there is a difference between a descaler and a cleaner . many people do n't know this . a descaler will contain primarily citric acid . you can also use straight , pulp free , lemon juice . you can not use vinegar in espresso machines , it will ruin the gaskets . i would bet that 99 % of people whose pumps have failed , did not take care of their machines correctly . 
mine is almost center but still more to the left side . as for the flow of espresso , it should be a stream . it may be your filter is clogged . thoroughly clean the filter ( refer to instructions on how to clean filter in the manual ) . 
if you look at product details on amazon listing the measurements are given on the first line . it is an attractive and budget priced machine . 
i have never seen any markings as you describe . i use ese pods . i run water through the machine to warm it up , counting to 25. then i stop the water flowing , empty the cup , put a pod in the machine , turn the knob to begin the process again , and count to 25 - at 6 the espresso begins to pour . at 25 or 26 seconds , i stop the machine . that 's it . i use island joe e.s.e . pods and it makes very good espresso . hope this helps . 
i have the machine several months now and have not had that problem 
do not know to be honest except from being square but we are extremely happy to have purchased this unit . no filters , no special things to buy . there is three parts to clean minus the steamer . 
no - satisfied with the victorio . . .have used it to extract juice from our apples and grapes , if anything i have found some of the norpro products to be less than satisfactory - the are carried by a local vendor here and do n't seem to hold up as well as other brands i have purchased . 
i have a kitchenaid glass top range that cycles , it worked just fine . 
probably just barely , with the handle on the lid . mine is a little flatter handle than this and it is 16 1 2 inches . i do n't know if your circumstances would permit , but i have not canned in my kitchen for years . my husband had to talk long and hard to get me to try one of the camp chef cookers for canning . once i did , i will never go back . the mess is on the patio , garage , or deck , but not in the kitchen and neither is the heat . in your kitchen , with the microwave , it may not come clear to the front of the range below it , so you may not have to worry about that handle . if not , it would work . you really need room to take that lid off and lift the sections up to add more water to the bottom pan anyway . especially if you are doing much juicing . hope this helps . this is a really good juicer and will last well . lee ann juicersandjuicing 
you can use as little as you want you just need to make sure that the water pan never boils away all the water . 
yes , made in china . 
i found supplies directly at victorio.com 
8 1 2 inches 
we have not added additional water - time depends on the fruit and the amount you process - seems to me the apples took about an hour . as far as t5he nutrients - you probably are losing some benefit - because of the steaming process . our grandkids love the apple juice we made - so i am satisfied . it 's not overly processed - made from our own organic fruit that we picked and popped right in the steamer - so all good for us . 
sorry mate , it does not work any good with rice ! but it cooks excellent berry juice and marmelade ... 
the main company is located in orem , utah . if you go online they have a customer service phone number you could call . 
yes ! i use mine for freezing all kinds of things . the only drawback is ( and this happens in any condition , not just the freezer ) every once in a while they `` unvacuum '' it usually happens quickly because of not zipping them tightly enough , but sometimes it is because of a bad bag or small hole in the bag , so i check in a day or two to avoid freezer burn , stale food , etc . 
yes , but i find vac u vin are better 
they are bpa free . 
the bags have a ziploc type top . you then vacuum out the air . it works great for me , but i have had one bag that would not vacuum seal . probably a tiny hole in it some where . figured it was a factory defect which will happen . 
yes , they are compatable with all caso vacuum sealers . 
like the others , i ordered this organizer and it is just like all of the pictures except the last picture which shows the measurements . and i love mine ! 
the one i received is the a type 
they do come with the black grip pads . they cushion the contents . 
read the instructions and follow them exactly . the only thing i changed was that during the shaking , i would stop a couple times to stir it . it really does work but if you are n't willing to pay attention and read the instructions and follow them exactly it wo n't . it does not make a ton of ice cream . it is n't supposed to . good grief . people kill me . 
a quarter of a cup of heavy whipping cream . 1 tablespoon of sugar , a teaspoon of vanilla . fill bottom of the cup with crushed ice and 4 tablespoons of water and salt each . it makes about one scoop of soft serve . 
the box comes with directions , you fill the bottom part with ice and salt and the insert with sugar and cream and other ingredients . then you put the lid on and shake it . but it does n't work well , the salt water gets in the ice cream usually and when it does n't it only makes about 3 spoonfuls of something that resembles ice cream . it 's not worth the time or money . 
i wish i knew , i bought this for a gift for a nephew . i 'll ask my sister about it when i talk to her next and get back to you . 
about one scoop . but i would n't suggest getting it . you 'll get a really soupy one scoop . 
follow the directions exactly 
suggest you pay attention to all the negative reviews ! 
was a gift for my granddaughter ... she has enjoyed making ice cream . fast and easy for a five year old 
no , the wrapper says clearly made in china . i quess that is why they are cheap . i bought two and both thermometers have no marking on the product . one was from norpro which i think was made in india and the other says `` china . '' 
the diameter is 21 4 '' it has a bendable hook on top.. i have been using it standing , but i can see that it will hang on the front of the oven rack..not sure it that gives an accurate reading.. will have to try it . 
think where you can read it and move it if needed . where will not be in the way of pans going in and out . as centered as possible . 
i hated it ! ! i bought about $ 130 worth and it was all destroyed by the time i tried installing it . the reminder of it all is still painful : - ) it does n't move once it 's down ( water or no water ) . if you have a back price to be covered or a corner . .forget it . it just does n't look right or install easy . it tears..the sink was a joke . anyway . .i wound up buying the rustoleum countertop transformation kit in java chip at menards ( $ 100 less than lowes ) $ 150 . and did my counters . they look amazing ! super messy with the chips flying evevywhere at times but the end result was beautiful and extremely durable . i 'm very picky yet frugal . the java chip is the way to go . debbie 
it will look best if you cut the seem at the bend in the l at a 45 degree angle . 
i laid mine directly on top of the old surface . it would be best if the surface was smooth and flat like mine i think . not sure about over tile if it has grout lines that can be felt as surface changes . hope i helped . 
have not used yet but mine has plastic slide to metal . 
you can mix one or two cups directly in dispenser if using only pancake mix and water . it is hard to mix up and stir . if adding oil , eggs or egg white , some sort of milk ( dairy or non-dairy ) and some other item , better to mix separately . keep batter loose to dispense otherwise it does n't come out of small whole on bottom . 
~2.5 cups 
thank seem to be okay . but it is very small good for making 4 or 5 pancakes 
yes . very sturdy metal 
3.5 cups . i made mini corn bread muffins the other day and it held the entire content of box mix and worked very quickly and neatly 
i 've never tried it ... but i think it would work based on the amount of steam the unit produces . it 's not a rolling boil but it is a good , steady steam . good luck ! 
the very bottom outside diameter 6 1 8 `` then up about 3 8 `` with 1 8 projection to a outside diameter of 6 3 8 `` ... ... not sure about the hole to hole ... . 
yes , i have it and it 's a life saver ! 
i have not and would n't because the handles would come in contact with the edge of your hot pan . use an inexpensive collapsible steamer basket instead . 
the amazon ad for the rs-03 steamer says `` for the aroma arc-753sg only '' , so it probably would not be a perfect fit . however , the dimensions are pretty close for the 6- and 8-cup cookers . 
no , because this sits on top of the rice cooker where you place the lid . 
someone measured it before . i copied it down as the following : very bottom outside diameter 6 1 8 `` then up about 3 8 `` with 1 8 projection to a outside diameter of 6 3 8 `` ... ... not sure about the hole to hole ... . 
i have cooked successfully raw sausages mixed in with the rice cooking at the same time . i have not had luck cooking meats in the steamer portion . beef ends up medium rare , obviously this in not safe for chicken or pork . in theory maybe , in reality it has n't worked for me using the steamer for meats . vegetables only in the steamer is my experience and preference . your mileage may vary . hope this helps you making a decision . i find the steamer is an important option i find invaluable when cooking vegetables , but not for cooking meats . 
yes 
i ordered the 6-cup steamer with the 6-cup ss rice cooker . they definitely fit together properly , but i have not used the steamer for cooking yet . 
it 's not soft as normal mattress . that 's the reason i got this one . i had been searching for a mattress that is firm enough to relieve my back pain . i used to get a platform made of several pieces of hard wood and put a comforter ( made of cotton ) on it . that was very firm and sometimes can be a little bit uncomfortable . this one is thick with good balance between softness and firmness . when it came , it was a little bit too puffy that i thought . but it gets better after some days . it is stuffed with cottons and very heavy . i 'm satisfied with the quality of this mattress and would recommend to anyone who is looking for a mattress that is good to your back . so far , this is my favorite mattress . 
it folds relatively well , but it is rather bulky and hard to handle . it 's definitely easier to fold with two people . i do n't usually fold it , but if you were going to be storing it folded and only taking it out from time to time instead of sleeping on it every night , folding it probably would n't be too big of a hassle . 
you will likely feel the slats . 
i used queen size , but they 're a little loose compared to a regular mattress . 
they use boric acid as a flame retardant . it is in the product description . 
i really like this futon , but it can be rather hard . i think , for someone who sleeps on their side it would not be that comfortable . i do n't know if i have ever slept on a futon which would be comfortable for a side-sleeper ! good luck ! 
not sure . i do n't have one of those . i use it on a regular queen bed . 
sorry for the delay . it has 2.0 amps . what a great little vacuum ! 
brush does not come out . you have to turn off power and unplug machine . then , turn manually the brush roll to sweep and comb carpet nap . brush roll should be kept clean of all debris so that it does a great job cleaning . i always give the machine a thorough cleaning after each use . 
there is no extra tool . you get what you see in the picture . 
no they do not . very efficient for the price . 
yes it does fold pretty small ; the only thing might be how close to the floor the bed frame is . the vacuum folds down flat to the floor . hope this helps . 
electrical cord is long enough for average size room , will have to use extension cord if you have larger areas . simple fix for a great little machine . 
no 
you can but if you are just trying to remove hair or strings , i just run a knife down the brush roller to cut it several times and it comes out quite easily . 
the dust and particles collect in the red canister , however hair and the fine dust clings to the outside of the white bag which has to be cleaned off . easy to care for and works very well 
it is just a pushbutton lever . very easy on and off , and sturdy enough to do the job . 
according to the sauder web sit the bath storage unit is : 17 5 8 '' w x 11 1 2 '' d x 31 1 4 '' h 
30 high and about 12 deep , 18 wide . this is a good cabinet . 
the two shelves behind the doors are adjustable . 
17 1 2 '' wide x 30 '' high ( 31 1 2 '' including the lip around the top ) x 10 1 2 deep 
in the description on the amazon site . product details product dimensions : 17.6 x 11.5 x 31.3 inches shipping weight : 26.2 pounds ( view shipping rates and policies ) 
you need to put the top , bottom , back and sides together . the back in nailed on and the sides and top are attached with pins and screws . the doors are a bit tricky to install . i had to attach the hinges loosely before installing as the hinges are european and they are a very tight fit . once you get the mounting screws installed , then tighten the hinge mounting screws . if you put the hinge on as directed , you can strip out the hinge mounting predrilled holes . if you damage the holes , you may not be able to tighten the screws . also , the hinges need to be adjusted so the doors line up properly . hope this helps . 
yes . there are two shelves in the unit plus the bottom so there are three 'shelves ' , two of which can be adjusted . 
black part has i believe laminated paper . white parts are painted wood . stripe section of door and back side are cardboard ... if you get a few drops here and there , no big deal ... heavy steam or soakings , might reduce life of cabinet . 
yes . i store 4 bath towels inside it with room to spare . 
you can probably leave off the `` rim '' on the top but there will be holes you will have to contact the manufacturer for something to cover them . 
no , but comes with all parts needed to assembly . no drilling or cutting required , just a screwdriver . 
yes if you wanted to . 
yes , they are just one screw and one hole . i easily replaced them with some decorative `` crystal '' knobs to match the decor in my daughters room . 
the dresser measurements are 47 inches tall , 31 1 4 inches wide , 15 1 4 deep ( this is the depth of the top part with drawers ) . the toy box on the bottom is 19 inches deep at it 's lip where it sticks out the most . 
no but it is made of great quality pressed board ! we love it . 
the dresser measurements are 47 inches tall , 31 1 4 inches wide , 15 1 4 deep ( this is the depth of the top part with drawers ) . the toy box on the bottom is 19 inches deep at it 's lip where it sticks out the most . 
yes 
i am sorry , it is at my daughter 's and i do not know . it does hold a lot of toys ! 
they are metal . 
side 
it is 41 '' long , 32.75 '' tall , 11.5 '' deep ( by the bookshelf ) , and 15.5 '' deep by the toy storage bins . hope this helps ! ! 
no . but it 's fairly easy to put together . 
shelf is 10 3 4 inches deep . top is 12 7 8 deep . 
yes its made of particle board . 
about the width of a twin bed and maybe 3 ft tall . we have been very happy with this product 
i did n't notice any smell at all . 
pressed board . but very strong . my grandson stands on it 
there was no mounting equipment . it would be very difficult to tip over as most of the weight is on the back of the bookcase . i have no concerns about it tipping . 
the toy area is 20 '' wide by 14 '' deep and the book area is 20 '' wide by 11 '' deep 
no . i have two of these ( and they are wonderful ) , but they ca n't be safely stacked . they do look nice side-by-side . 
64 '' floor to top 18 '' floor to bench 41 1 2 '' wide bench 18 1 2 '' deep top 9 1 2 '' deep 32 '' top of bench to hooks ( a bit short for some jackets , but works ok ) nice piece overall . 
yes , the second line from the top is a shelf . 
there is a 2 1 4 '' gap between the back bars 
the hooks are 50 inches from the floor , but there is a bench seat between the hooks and the floor . the hooks are 31.5 inches from the bench seat . it really is a sturdy piece of furniture . it can hold several full backpacks with no problem . 
at the biggest points ( including trim ) , the exterior is 30 '' wide , 16 '' deep , and 72 '' tall . inside , it 's 26 '' wide , 13 '' deep , and each of the 2 sections measure 33 '' tall . 
i bought the home styles arts & crafts kitchen pantry - cottage oak and it was a pretty close match . make sure you look at the zoom view so you can see how the lacquer stain blends with the natural wood grain - it is not a solid color considering the grain , there is some texture to the color . besides that , the hue was pretty close to the picture . i like the cabinet and do n't have anything bad to say about it . 
it is very sturdy , but no specific weight limits were given that i remember seeing . i have stacked soda 12-packs 2 high on a shelf and 3-high at the bottom and it held them just fine . no warping or breaking . the back is not very strong , so bags of flower or sugar could be a problem if they lean against the back . and , of course , heavier items need to be low unless you secure it to a wall . 
yes , it is a cherry oak . 
26 '' wide . upper section 34 '' high . lower section 33 '' high . just under 14 '' deep . 
the dimensions giving are the maximum external dimensions . internally the top and bottom are the same at 9 '' l x 5.5 '' wide . the mid section is 12.5 '' l x 9 '' w and the height is approx 7.5 '' 
your note is marked march 18th so my note now will most likely not help but it will hold up to a 11 pound chicken . 
i would advise to buy the large . it is so easy to clean , better then having it too small . i have one of each and cook for two . 
my romertopf is perfect . the bottom is glazed . it is easy to clean . the top is unglazed so it aloud steam to move . 
it is normal for it to get dark stains . when i made bread , i let it rise in the pot , then put it into a cold oven . worked great . i think if you add something to a hot pot , you risk it cracking from the temp . difference . 
absolutely get the large size , i got the medium with the indented top handle , and am verry sorry . it fits very small amounts of meat . the handle on top reduces the interior amount of food . wish i had gotten the larger one , and will at some point . 
no lead . can not be used on stove top . the glaze is added to the pottery before it goes into the kiln so that food will not stick . 
i purchased the large so ca n't answer you question . if you are serving two people the small may better for you . 
yes , there is a pamphlet included . you soak top and bottom for at least 10 minutes . dish detergent and dish cloth cleaned it beautifully . 
yes , the only part that is . 
no 
definitely not . roast your turkey in a big oven pan and cover it with a cheesecloth , baste it regularly and the meat stays juicy and tender . happy thanksgiving . 
yes , it does and there are a few recipes in the booklet too . you can also go online to romertopf 's website . all the information is there . 
yes 
sorry -- this pot is too long 
the lead is not glazed . yes , you will get an average bread loaf using this pot . this is a great clay pot ! 
the meat is more steamed looking . 
i 've only used the `` unglazed '' cooker . but i believe the difference is the unglazed absorbs the water during the 15 minute soaking prior to baking in it . in turn , it keeps the moisture in the food . i 've been using the unglazed for years & the food ( meat , vegetables or whatever ) is always plump & juicy & baked to perfection . i use mine at least 1x-2x per week . 
there really is n't any coating , just fire glazed clay , that 's why you soak in water . 
i have never used it in a microwave 
sturdy cardboard with a laminate type surface so you can wipe off and use again 
it 's like a laminated cardboard . pretty sturdy . something you can use over again . 
its about 15 inches 
i would say it holds about 5-7 and the one on top has to not have any frosting for it to fit , this serves better for mini cupcakes . i wish i would have gotten mini cupcakes because it probably would have held more . 
yes good for some thing light such ad cup cake ir small sandwiches but this item i didnot recieved the company didnot delived it i have another . design 
yes ! ! 
they hold about 1 2 cup . i poured about 1 2 cup water into one and it just came to the rim . 
nichole , the answer is yes . i 've been using mine in both my large oven and in my toaster oven to great results ! one thought on use though is that since small-ish things are hard to manipulate in and out of the oven when hot , i 've been placing mine on baking sheets ... .even in the toaster oven . in doing so , if you want super-crisp pie crusts , then you need to bump up the temp just a little bit . however the draw-back here is that at high temps in the toaster oven the broiler element goes on ( ... at least in mine ... ) and you have to protect your top crust edges so they do n't burn . all said ... .i love my little pie dishes ! they are perfect for individual pies ... .easy enough for me to make little ones for holiday baking than big pies ... ..and no messy slicing ! 
made in mexico , as indicated on the box . 
totally , that 's how i warm up my meat pies . i bake and freeze ... .though you want to make sure that they are only *cold* when they go in the toaster oven . not frozen ... tempered or not it could break them . 
not entirely sure ... the company is based in ohio . sorry i could n't help more . 
yes , i have used these for work lunches and they heat up nice fridge to stove . 
i have no clue ! contact libby . 
set includes 6- 4.6 '' x2.4 '' ceramic baking dishes made in china shipping weight : 4.20 lbs . those are pretty small . there is an 8-piece set where the pans are 6 '' in diameter . 
yes that 's why i bought them . 
i would say yes , it works awesome for me . the only thing is the ruber tends to disappear in the dishwasher . 
perfect 
hello denise , good questions ! these lids are for wide mouth mason jars . wide mouth lids are aprox 3.5inch diameter . regular mouth mason lids are smaller then these ones . regular mouth dimensions are aprox 2.5inch diameter . does that answer your question ? please let me know if there is anything else i can help with . 
we put our pan in the dishwasher all the time and it comes out great . there is not a non stick surface on the interior . the pan is quality stainless steel and food washes out easily . 
my induction unit runs by low , medium , medium high , and high with temperature increments in five degrees in each range . so i do n't know the equivalent of an 8 or a 9. i would suggest you check your induction unit 's instruction book to find which of the settings equals a medium heat and do n't use a higher heat . the pan is safe at an oven temperatgure of 400 degrees fahrenheit . i got the feeling from the use and care recommendations that they are concerned with keeping the shiny , shiny finish pristine and beautiful . my cookware gets used hard . i use reasonable care , but i do n't get all finickly about keepin it `` for pretty '' . i plan to use it on low to medium , but i 'm not going to fret about it . it 's a pan for cooking ooey , gooey , sticky , messy things . it 's not going to stay out of the box pretty . i would worry more if it were a non-stick interior , but it 's a metal finish . so i 'm just going to enjoy it . good luck . 
yes . oven safe up to 450 degrees . 
i do n't fully understand your question about the handles . the stainless layer is not damaged by the bolts on the handles in any way . the question about whether it is safe to cook acidic soup : it is safe for the stainless steel to cook acidic soup . tomato soup will not damage this item . i hope i helped . 
i do n't know where it is made and the lid has not broken yet . it works fine on my induction burner and is the right size for my husband and myself . 
have not had that experience . 
yes 
no , but you can hold the lid back just a little and tip it over the sink and it drains just fine . i love this pan . it does have two small vent holes to let out the steam as it is cooking . 
hallo , i dont have the actual item here anymore so i can not measure it . i did some research and did not see actual dimensions listed . i remember it quite well and would estimate it be 5-6 inches tall deep plus 1.5 inches for the lid , and about the same across in diameter ( 5-6 inches ) plus 1.5 where the handles are . it seemed to me and also in a few reviews i saw that it was a very nicely put together pot . it even has subtle measurements on the inside . thanks for your interest . 
yes , they do ! 
it does cold coffee in the same way a keurig does , so you would brew the coffee over a cup of ice . one benefit that this has over my previous keurig is that you can buy coffee that brews different amounts . with my keurig i could set the water amount for a larger cup , but the k-cup held the same amount of coffee no matter how much water i used to brew , and in my opinion this left my larger cup tasting less strong . my tassimo has different discs for different sizes and although all the discs are the same size they all come out tasting equally strong , which is especially helpful for iced coffee as you are watering it down with the ice already . if you are asking if the machine brews cold coffee straight from the brewer then the answer is no , but i 've been enjoying iced carmel lattes almost daily for the past month or so ! yum ! hope this helps . 
it 's 110 . 
tells you when it 's ready to brew , when you can pump more water for thinner coffee and when it is time to descale the machine . all very straightforward . 
tassimo has their own proprietary discs called t-discs . k-cups wo n't fit in a tassimo coffee maker . also , you can not fill any coffee in a disc and brew . you have to buy pre-packaged t-discs off the shelf . the availability of t-discs is less relative to k-cups but the quality , simplicity and intelligence of the tassimo machine makes it worth it . 
ive had tassimos for more than a decade . i do n't think the cleaning process for this one was any different than earlier models and it might be louder than some pod style coffee makers . i wo n't fret that much about it and just enjoy drinking coffees , expressos , lattes , teas etc that are miles better than anything that other inferior brewer that begins with a k can produce . btw , i would n't buy the latte creamers that they sell , even the `` skinny '' variety that they eventually introduced . just put the milk in a grande or venti size ceramic cup , microwave it for about 2-3 minutes until it foams and then add the expresso to the cup . makes a better latte than using the relatively expensive creamers 
essentially , yes . tassimo uses a patented bar-code technology . using a `` cappuccino '' uht milk disk , it reads the bar code on the disk and heats the water passing through the machine to steam temperature so that as it passes through the milk disk , it is `` frothed '' as it pours into the cup . this is not unlike what it does when reading an espresso t-disk bar-code . it heats the water to steam and then passes it through the coffee disk . 
it wont start brewing unless you have enough water 
it 's pictured with an 8 '' mattress . the space between the mattress and the top of the guardrail is 5.5 '' . 
yes , it 's easily removable . no screws required . it has the same kind of hooks as the over the door hanging storage bins . 
it doesnt come with the mattress . it will take a 6-8 '' mattress that you can buy at any mattress store 
the space underneath is the size of a twin mattress . some customers have used a mattress on the floor to sleep a second child . 
no , it only goes together as pictured , with the slide to the left . 
29 '' tent clearance height . 
it comes with slats that are all connected and spread out under the mattress . they are about half a inch apart . it has held up extreamly well , and my son is ruff on it . 
probably 3.5-8 or so years old ... kids love it because it 's a playhouse during the day , then a neat `` up high '' bed to sleep in ... the bonus is starting the day by going down their slide . what 's not to love ? 
no , unfortunately the screw holes are drilled out for the ladder and the whole configuration is made to be exactly like the picture . there 's not a double side even to rig a ladder on the other side ... .unless you went to home depot and patched something together . however i have seen similar beds w the configuration you 're looking for . good luck ! 
i believe so my husband is 150 and gets on the bed it starts to creek so i think 160 is the weight limit including mattress ! hope that helps answer your question : ) 
only do n't put the gel section in the microwave , the lid and the container are safe , just leave the lid a little lose and you will not have any problems . 
yes ! it recommends top rack dishwashing . 
yes . it is a plastic freezer piece that goes on top of the bottom section . it actually holds the dressing bottle and space for other food times . 
main container : 53 fl oz ( 1.57 l ) , gel tray : 12 fl oz ( 354 ml ) , dressing container : 2 fl oz ( 60ml ) 
bpa free ? yes it is . 
hubby puts this in his lunchbox and yes , he puts it flat on the bottom . i guess being on its side depends on what you put in it . we put veggies and sometimes a bit of three-bean salad to top the salad . really ca n't be beat in hot weather with the ice tray . keeps veggies nice and crisp instead of limp and tired ... it locks fairly leakproof , but i am not certain as he is able to carry it flat in his lunchbox . better than any i have seen in the stores , more compact . maybe you need a new tote ... hahaha ... but seriously , i just ca n't be certain due to how we use it . 
yes it describes it in the list of features . it is an awesome product . we use it daily and it keeps the salad cold . 
no problem . the main container has a 53 oz capacity for holding your lettuce while the non-toxic gel-filled tray will hold 12 oz . included is a 2fl oz dressing bottle cool gear salad container dimension : 6.8 '' l x 6.8 '' w x 3 '' h 
the only thing that 's not microwavable is the freezer tray i put it in the microwave all the time it 's fine to do 
i 'd like to know as well - it is unclear whether the dimensions given are when the container is expanded or compacted ... any owners that can help ? 
it 's 20 lbs weight ... 
only regular ice cubes will work . you would have to chisel off chunks of a block to fit them in the chute . 
i would n't recommend continuous 4 hour use as this will certainly cause the machine to overheat . our manufacturer instructs us on a 15 minute break every hour and 25 minutes . sorry 
we use it at home only and it pumps out a ton for as many people as we want 
120 
perfectly , slot is 4 inches 
yes , we do have spare blade to sell . thanks 
hello , this machine does make snow like shavings , and i also discovered that you can adjust it , but if i were you i 'll just leave it as it came . i also was looking for a snocone machine like this , and i love it ! ! ! please do n't hesitate on asking any other questions . and i 'll answer the best i can . 
i tried that , it does stick together . and it 's jnot the same after that . i personally think your not going to need to do that . the machine crushes the ice fast and easy . i also discovered that this machine makes alot of `` snow `` for a little bit of ice i put in . hope this is helpful to you in some way . feel free to ask any questions . 
about 2 cups 
my daughter loves it she is 4 years old 
the manufacturer recommends a weight limit of 160 lbs . 
no . we had the same problem , but had to live with it . the ladder has pre-drilled holes and is part of the frame . no way to reverse the set up . 
yes , you can use it without the slide . the slide hooks onto the bedframe . 
yes 
if it 's for a small enough child yes 
no , you will need to buy a twin size mattress for it . no box spring needed . 
hi kate , the legs are maybe 2 '' square ... so with that in mind and the depth being around 42 '' ... . you would be looking at around 38 '' . hope this helps and wish you the best . thanks , bunk bed kingdom 
2 large long boxes . needed my suv with seats laid down to move it 
this listing is for the white bed with pink tent . 
the tent and slide can be removed , but the bed would still be a low loft . it can not be used without the legs and ladder . 
the entire width , including the slide is 91 '' . 
yes , it looks fine and is still functional without the slide . 
42 1 2 inches from floor to top of rail 
it takes 5-7 business days to shop to wa . 
box a : 44 '' x 15 '' x 5 '' 39 lbs . box b : 75 '' x 14 '' x 3 '' 42 lbs . 
it only goes together as pictured , with the ladder on the right . 
the manufacturer recommends 8 '' or less , so any of those sizes will work . the thinner the mattress the greater the distance to the top of the guard rail , which is desired for safety . 
unfortunately , we do not have delivery arrangements to europe . 
the hight of your countertops is exactly the height of the drainer . so , i do n't think will work for you , because you need room to put your dishes in . 
length , width , and height . five is the width . 
it comes disassembled ( separate lower and upper shelf , the two sides + holders for cups and silverware all come apart ) . comes in a flat box . i guess it all depends on the barrel . 
dish rack is approximately 10 '' wide and 15 '' tall 
yes , it has both as shown on the sides on the rack . i do n't use the glass rack that comes with it though . 
14 3 4 wide x 15 1 2 deep x 60 5 8 high 
29-3 16 '' from floor to top of dark gray counterop 
the dimensions of this unit are 14 3 4 w x 15 1 2 d x 60 5 8 h . 
yes , there are similar ones in different finishes though . 
there is one ( 1 ) adjustable shelf . 
particleboard . but , i really like it . 
yes 
i 'm sorry that i can not answer your question at this time since we are away vacation . if you do n't find an answer in several weeks post your question again . sorry i could n't help at this time . 
not exactly sure where you see that , they have the measurements in metric and then american . 800 ml 27oz 
i heat my milk in the microwave or stove top in a separate pan or cup then put it in this frother . i do n't think i would use it on a stove top . 
the container is dishwasher safe , but the the mesh top part is not . mine rusted just washing it by hand . 
it is definitly 27 oz 
the size is truly 27 oz , but you will not be able to fill the beaker to the top , as you need the space for the foam . i fill mine halfway with milk and once i 'm done , it doubles in volume . 
it is . it comes with a small remote ( 3 buttons , top to bottom : fan speed , oscillation on off , power on off ) . i do want to note that this fan , while quiet , doesnt blow very hard at all and the cartridges , even on the lowest setting do n't last long at all . 
the fan is approximately 33 inches tall 
model number : hy-224 dimensions : 10.75 x 7.64 x 32.28 
approximately 9 - 1 2 inches . 
yes it is 
its pretty quiet . i run it at night on the lowest speed while sleeping . it 's not silent , but probably the quietest fan i 've owned . during the day , with more ambient noise , i hardly notice the fan is on , unless its blowing on me . 
it 's approximately 39 '' from the bottom of the pedestal . 
yes 
you can set the thermostat so that the fan will automatically turn on ( or off ) when the room temperature rises above ( or below ) the set temperature . [ it normally displays the current room temperature - except when you are setting it to a start temperature ] . 
i do n't know what the manufacturer recommends . i would do what i do w my similar items . i have a small blower for my keyboard , my refrigerator coils , my tv , etc . it blows out the dust . then i vacuum up the bits of dust that float out of the item . sorry i ca n't be more helpful . 
as far as i know no there are no filters . but my fan is having problems running already . if you have not already bought this fan do n't buy one . 
only if you can put it back together . i think there is a filter so yes take it apart . 
it does n't do anything besides tell you how overheated you will be if you spend too much time in that room 
no it remains defiant throughout all time . i just put a foldled napkin on top and that blocks it 
very responsive . vaguely point it anywhere and it works great . 
no problem 
about three feet , maybe a few inches more 
i do n't have the 8 speed one but i love this fan ! it 's quiet and does a great job of keeping my room cool . the power button on the fan quit working but the remote works so that is n't a big deal . 
in the base of the tower.unscrew to attach base . 
mine measures to 39 '' 
no they are not , they project an area about a foot wide and 5 feet high 
i 'm guessing , anne but , i know it 's more than 180 degrees . i think the fan is wonderful ; i spend more time than usual in the bedroom ( i am disabled ) and today , for example , it was very warm . i had the fan on the next to highest setting and it got really comfortable in the whole room . it was also very quiet . and my fan is shielded from unobstructed circulation be two dressers . did n't matter . good luck ! 
its around 70cm length and 15-25 cm width thanks 
just under 1 foot . 
the reason to buy this fan is that it puts out a nice breeze and is very quiet . i purchased multiple of them for my house because they serve this purpose well . i would not purchase it for noise while sleeping -- if you are looking for noise , i would go with a product line that is not marketed as being quiet . this fan actually is quiet . 
thanks for the tip ... .i will be ordering from that company . 
i weigh about 225 and it supports me fine . i know that 's another 100lbs but its a good foam and its never very hot . 
when i first opened it , slightly ... but significantly less so than any other high-density foam mattress topper i 've owned ( we 're at 4+ ) . after a day or so , there 's no smell . 
i am sorry i do not know . we did not have an issue but can you call the manufacturer and ask ? i do not have any paperwork for mine . 
i would think the mattress could be trimmed . 
thanks for your question , as this mattress is sold and fulfilled by amazon it is covered by our 30 day return policy . you can read more here : 
to brew a regular cup of coffee , let the unit finish the first brewing cycle , you can then push the brew button again ( do not put another pod in and do not remove the original pod ) . adjust your coffee strength by how many times you press the button and let it complete each cycle ( i usually press the tall brew 3 separate times for making a pretty strong cup of coffee on the same pod ) . 
mine did a couple of times , check under the top of the frothier and try adjusting the rubber gasket and make sure the lid is on snug , , , ,mine works great now 
everything you need ( including the removable milk frother ) plus a free assortment ( 12 , i think ) of coffee pods - several of each - light , medium , intense , and decaf . all you will need is milk . i have been using skim with great results . 
it 's very good . my husband & i boyh love it . i use the intenso roast while he likes thre classico roast . this has cut down on our trips to coffee shops . i use vanilla almond milk in mine and it 's heaven ! 
reusable ? ? not sure what you mean . the machine , yes . i use it 2 or 3 times a day ! best thing in my kitchen . the rivo coffee packs are a one time use only . 
no , they can not be done simultaneously ... there is only 1 pump . you can do either function first . i preferred milk first , then put the shot directly into the frothed milk . 
almond milk does not get as frothy as regular milk , but i use it . 
it only uses the specific pods , which are not like any others . to make a regular coffee you have to make an espresso and add hot water , basically make an americano . i have n't found any tea pods yet . 
the milk pitcher and frothing wand have to be cleaned after each use of the frother . i personally just rinse it out thoroughly and let it dry , or give it a run through the dishwasher when convenient . also , the drip tray pod bin has to be emptied every 8-10 pods . just dump the bin and rinse it and the drip tray . they can also be run through the dishwasher . in all , it 's more than a k-cup machine , but not at all arduous or difficult . 
no need to use the rivo syrups . use any syrups you want . i find that the torani and davinci syrups are great . 
overall dimensions : 17 3 8 '' w x 11 1 2 '' d x 28 3 4 '' h ( 44cm w x 29.2cm d x 73.1cm h ) 
my 12 year old put it together in maybe 30-45 minutes ? 
there is model 414032 that is similar . 
yes . just one inside so it 's two , total ( including the one you see in the photo ) . honestly , i 'd spend my money elsewhere . this is just particle board , so although it looks good at first , it wo n't last long if you 'll actually be using it . please note , you 'll need a 1 4 '' drill bit to finish drilling the handle hole . i have no idea why , but they do n't drill it all the way . also , two holes were n't drilled properly , so it was a real pain to put together . i would n't buy this again . sorry 
the top is made up of different brown tones . 
no 
it 's a magnet on the top of the door . i have n't had any problems with mine staying closed . 
if you layed the dvd 's down and stacked them im sure that would work but the shelves are to low to have them sit upward . mine has bathroom towels in it and toilet paper . 
no , i 'm sorry it does not . 
i guess it depends on thickness and length . i imagine it could hold six to eight , maybe more . i use it for toilet paper , woman 's personal pads , wipes , soap , etc . i can get a lot of stuff in there . 
that is what we use on a very firm split king mattress electric bed from costco . it 's perfect now . was too hard for my tender spots before . 
the general consensus is soft . that said , the overall feel greatly depends on what 's underneath the topper as well . 
if it does n't , sign up for myapobox.com that 's what i do for items that do n't ship to apo . 
yes , this product comes with 10 year limited warranty . this can be found at http : www.dreamfoambedding.com warranty.php i use this mattress pad in my camper and am very happy with it so far . performs as advertised . have experienced some shedding of the gel beads from the surface during the first couple of uses but almost nothing after that . very comfortable to sleep on . almost as good as our somma waterbed . not too hot even in humid weather and warm in cool weather . have n't used it yet in really cold weather but do not anticipate any issues . 
yes 
i bought the 2 '' and like it , but wish i would have went a little thicker and got the 3 '' because i 'm sure it offers more support . 
while i ca n't speak to this product , i 've bought sleep innovations foam from amazon a few times before and that does not hold true . so i would n't worry : ) 
we actually ordered ours in `` short queen '' size , and it fits the bed perfectly 
i had a queen size 
they are black . 
it is bi-cast leather which is real leather with pu coating for easy maintenance . 
yes , it is entirely covered by leather . only inside lining is fabric 
this leather ottoman requires simply assembly ( screw on 4 legs ) . before assembly , the shipping carton size is 19x19x16 '' . after assembly , the actual product size is 18 '' w x 18 '' l x 20 '' h . 
that is what we use on a very firm split king mattress electric bed from costco . it 's perfect now . was too hard for my tender spots before . 
the general consensus is soft . that said , the overall feel greatly depends on what 's underneath the topper as well . 
if it does n't , sign up for myapobox.com that 's what i do for items that do n't ship to apo . 
yes , this product comes with 10 year limited warranty . this can be found at http : www.dreamfoambedding.com warranty.php i use this mattress pad in my camper and am very happy with it so far . performs as advertised . have experienced some shedding of the gel beads from the surface during the first couple of uses but almost nothing after that . very comfortable to sleep on . almost as good as our somma waterbed . not too hot even in humid weather and warm in cool weather . have n't used it yet in really cold weather but do not anticipate any issues . 
yes 
i bought the 2 '' and like it , but wish i would have went a little thicker and got the 3 '' because i 'm sure it offers more support . 
while i ca n't speak to this product , i 've bought sleep innovations foam from amazon a few times before and that does not hold true . so i would n't worry : ) 
we actually ordered ours in `` short queen '' size , and it fits the bed perfectly 
i had a queen size 
72 '' l x 36 '' w x 32 '' h 
it needs to be moved out from the wall . the base is stationary . i 've come to love the couch in its second angle . not straight up and not totally flat . there is a middle adjustment and with an ottoman its great . 
the arm is a joke . yes removable , cause its just 2 pillow . not comfy at all . look for something else 
it 's 14 '' from floor to seat . it 's a firm but comfortable surface . 
one box . i just had to screw the legs on . they are hiding in the futon , you 'll see . just do n't panic and think they left them out . easy to put together and i 'm a senior citizen . 
no it really does n't have a lot of padding ... .it is ok to sit on for awhile , but i do n't think it would be comfortable to sleep on . i have it in a family room ... ..it is ok to sit and watch tv for a bit , but i would n't say it is comfortable enough to be a bed ! 
you lift the sofa up until you hear a click and that means the sofa is locked in the legs need to be slanted at the bottom in order for this to work . the instructions are inside the zipper part under the couch along with the screws for the legs . 
pre- assembled it come into a larger straight box it should fit i got mine in my apt it was n't an issue to get it in 
individual coils . sturdy construction . occupies less space . easily converts to a bed if needed . 
its with springs inside 
they are hollow . 5 '' long and about 1 16 '' hole 
yes 
yes these are round 
no they are not 
i 'm sorry i do n't understand the question . if you 're asking if they are individually wrapped ? no . otherwise , they are pretty good . i 'm using them for my bar . they are great to that end . they will work for hot drinks ( coffee ) as well , but they do get a bit pliable - in all reality most coffee stirrers do in hot coffee.. so long-and-short of it , there are not junk . they definitely wo n't melt in a cocktail , and my keurig machine has n't been able to melt one yet . . . they are as-described . 
way small , i have thicker spaghetti . i do n't know the exact measurement but it is very similar to what you 'd find at a gas station for coffee . hope this helps . 
yes , it is a good sipping straw 
worked.well 
it stays perfectly flat . our countertops are granite , although i think it would stay flat on most surfaces . 
hi brooke , in order to answer i need to know what it was used for . for example fondant , cookie dough , modelling paste . i use a kitchen sponge with warm soapy water and dish washing liquid . paper towels used for drying . can also pin on a ( inside or outside ) clothes line to drip dry too . hope that helps if you used it for any of the above recipes . 
for the first question i 'm not sure but the food ink can be washable . and yes you can use cookie cutters on this solid mat . 
no 
no ! it'sa silicone mat i would n't use a scalpel on it , i just use a palette knife or the blunt end of a regular knife . 
i agree with 2 or 3 inches more . you have to measure the top of the cake you want to cover plus twice for the sides . so for example , let 's say you had a cake that is 8 inches in width and 4 inches in height . you would add 8 + 4 + 4 = 16. but then add 2 more inches for a total of 18 inches of rolled out fondant . as for using the mat to apply the fondant ; after you roll out your fondant on the mat to the desired size , gently roll the mat up from one end to the other into a tube shape . then put your fingers in each end of the mat tube and starting on one side of your cake , start unrolling the mat and draping the fondant across to the other side . i hope i explained that well enough ... lol also , if you are new to fondant , i would advise you to avoid the wilton brand fondant as it is not very friendly nor is it remotely tasty . i personally like fondarific and satin ice , both of which are available here on amazon . hope this helped ! : ) 
i did n't receive a manual with mine either . found a demo at this website though : https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=vrzvzcfbrhg 
i 'm at work but i think it 's for the small end of a vegetable , to push it thru . saves your fingers . for on the blade , slicer . 
no 
the container is 10 inches long , 4 inches wide , and 3 1 4 inches deep . estimating i would say about 5-6 large onions . i mostly use it for cheese and it can hold an entire block of cheese shredded . 
i think so , i 'm pretty sure that 's why i bought the second one . 
small just the size of a small potatoe 
there 's a metal grater on top and two different sized square chopping blades . just make sure your cheese is cold . 
yes ! ! ! makes things so easy and sample .. i suggest to cut the potatoes in half before dicing . 
yes 
although i wish it had a larger cutting surface , it does a nice job and it holds about 5 cups . 
shipping weight : 34 lbs . overall width : 30 '' w overall depth : 72 '' d overall height : 24.125 - 32 '' h weight capacity : 330 lbs . 
this table is adjustable in about 2 '' increments and there are 5 holes for adjustment the top being 32 '' high . i love it ... would be great low for kids table or high for work table ( crafting ) well built ... i have at it at high so grandson # 1..5years old can set up his thomas tracks and not have grandson # 2 18 mo old mess it up . nanny loves the peace this is giving me . 
as far as i remember the table is one piece and it folds from the legs only . 
legs only 
i use mine as a picnic table and craft table top is smooth 
no you can not . the height adjustment adjusts both legs at the same time . there is a brace that is attached to both legs at the end and the legs have to be at the same level . 
mine goes up to 30 inches high . 
the dimensions are incorrect . from the top of the outside main rail to the bottom it is 31 1 2 '' . but the measurement u need for installation is the one from mounting post to wiring box and that is 23 1 2 '' to the top of the wiring box . remember to mount it high enough so your towels will not be dragging on the floor when hung . i hope this helps you . also it took me a while to get mine , so order early . 
i have not yet installed the towel rack , but a timer switch did not come with the package . only an `` on '' - `` off `` switch . at the same time as purchasing the towel warmer , i purchased a honeywell timer switch . as i said , nothing has yet been istalled . i hope that the bathrooms will be ready for the towel rack by the end of september . 
it does not . 
this mounts on the outside of the wall and comes with mounting hardware , e.g . drywall anchors . i would recommend installing one side to a stud . connect the electric as stated by the directions and local code . 
are you wanting to order 2 seperate warmers ? curved 18 '' x 36 '' hw brushed nickel curved 30 '' x 36 '' hw brushed nickel 
i think that should work . i bought one and installed it with the junction box on the bottom right but there was nothing in the installation process that would make me think it could n't be done upside down . 
i have a very small bathroom 5 x 10 and it provides very little supplemental . basically this will only take the chill out of your towels and we leave it on 24 7. there 's no 5-10 min warming for us that others have stated . overall , if doing it over , i 'd have spent the money on the nicer amba 's ( ~3 times ) . 
seconds . 
the wall behind ours ( sheet rock ) does n't feel warm to the touch , so heat probably would n't be a problem . 
switch is on the left side and this unit is sold as plug-in . there are other models that can be hard wired . 
not sure but i can tell you that i am very disappointed with mine , it does a poor job of warming towels . i would suggest you look into the container style if what you are looking forward to is warm towels 
the dimension of the rack is 24 wide 32 high is that what you mean by package or how it is shipped ? we love it 
not burning but defiantly wearing the threads down due to the high heat . also this is our 3rd one . first was a stand type and then these last 2 wall mount . do n't know why but 3 strike and we wo n't go back . 
the cord on mine is located on the bottom right hand bar . it 's very long ! the electrician who installed ours said it could be shortened but we just folded it up and as the plug socket is behind where we have the rail mounted , towels hide it . i have three of these , two are hard wired and that is the best way to go if you can . they all perform very well and i am pleased with how they look . 
yes , i have the same model in hardwired in brushed nickel : amba rwh-cb radiant hardwired curved 31 1 2 '' h x 23 3 4 '' w bathroom towel warmer - brushed stainless free shipping for this item ! price : $ 214.89 but it is not available till early june . we have the straight hardwired model in brushed nickel ready to ship . same price like curved hardwired : amba rwh-sb radiant hardwired straight 31 1 2 '' h x 23 3 4 '' w bathroom towel warmer - brushed stainless free shipping for this item ! price : $ 214.89 let me know if you are interested in purchasing the above . looking forward to hearing from you . 
built in - on off switch on the bottom left of the unit . 
the cord comes out the bottom of the right rail and the power on the bottom of the left rail has some fairly unobtrusive orange glow when on . 
might take about 20 minutes to warm a wet towel , and 5 minutes to warm a dry towel . it keeps the bathroom a little warm and damp-free . such a pleasure to have . 
1.5 '' between the narrowly spaced ones , 4.5 '' in the center . we do n't hang towels like they show in the picture . we put one on the top , and one through the middle . we find they get warmest when they are folded . we fold in thirds ( length wise ) then in half and in half again . this seems to retain the head the best . this thing is very well made , we love it . 
no , it has to be mounted to a wall . 
this unit has a 2 year warranty , but i 've never heard of such a situation , that a towel warmer should stop working . i hear very good feedback on these amba products . you can call the manufacturer at 404-350-9738 and ask them about your concerns . 
this is the plug in model . they do have hard wired ones . usually the photo will show a small rectangular plate on one mounting leg 
it has a lifetime limited factory warranty . ~mcgrath 
it is polished ss . i got a plug in version as i wanted to use a timer . i had to shorten the cable - no problem . we are 100 % satisfied with the unit . 
we ship the within 2 business days from when order is received , so you get it in approx . 5-7 days , depending on your location . 
the unit warms quickly -- -just a few minutes . the towel , depending on its size varies . we only turn it on just prior to showering and leave it on for a half to one hour . does the job . 
this unit has to be hardwired . 
these units are fabulously hot and wide so you can hang one at the mid point and one on the top rail . we have two of them and they are amazing . well worth the money . you might also get a timer that turns them off after a couple of hours . 
in my opinion none other than looks . we like straight lines so we got the straight model . 
yes . it will dry towels left on it . 
the unit works without a timer but will use alot of electricity , we have it on a cheep plug in timer to go on before we get up and go off a few hours after we shower . great unit easy to install 
this is an impossible questions to answer as it depends entirely on how many hours a day you have it on . if it is on continuously it uses 150 watts per hour or 1,314 kwhrs ( or units ) of electricity per year . i have mine connected by a switch timer for about 3 hours a day from 6:30 am until 9:30 am . this reduce the units used to about 164 units per year . it takes about 20 to 30 minutes to warm up the towels to a nice temperature and then one of us generally gets up about 7 am and the other 7:30. it could go off earlier if we were consistent when we get up but some days it is an hour later but as we are both retired it is somewhat random . if your use a timer which also has days of the week programmed you may only need to keep it on for 2 hours day timed for hone you get up . on weekends you could set it for a later start . please remember that this towel warmer does not have a thermostat . it is not needed . i left on deliberately for 6 oto 8 hours to see how hot it would get with and without the towels on it . it does get hot but not in my humble opinion hot enough to burn you if you touched itbut you will know about about it . i was wanted to know what happened to the towels it did not get any where close to stroking them . sorry for the long answer but your question needed a broader answer than you were probably expecting . 
overall , it 's great . i would recommend that you have have your electrician put it on a wall switch timer and just leave the switch that 's on the rack in the on position all the time . this way you wo n't ever worry about remembering to turn it off . 
a well seasoned iron skillet would be similar in performance , however many a cast iron pan has been ruined by incorrect handling and cleaning . if you 're experienced with cast iron and have properly maintained a cast iron skillet stick with it , but from scratch le creuset is foolproof . 
i have had no issues with using them on flat top electric stoves . just have to use a lower temp . 
mine made in france . 
you should probably go for the smaller size for an omelet . 
no 
if you bought a le creuset , at their price and it sticks , , return it . 
yes ! as with all cast iron , you can easily transfer all le creuset from stove to oven to make delicious dishes . i love my collection . take good care of them and they will last you forever . 
yes 
cleans up really easy with soap and water . i use mr clean erasers with anything stubborn . love these pans ! 
approximately 500 btu 's 
i am so sorry to tell you that the on off switch can not be relocated to the lower right of the unit . feel free to ask any further questions . 
it is designed to wire on the right side only . it may be possible to modify the left side where the power switch is located but i believe that would probably void the warranty . 
i think the same as listed , but measured to be sure : 32 '' tall ; 23 1 4 wide ; 4 3 4 deep , installed . we love the thing -- only wish ours had an autoshutoff as we need to remember to shut the thing off . 
true , you have to fold your towels to get them to fit on the rack . the good news is that even when folded the towel ( s ) dry very quickly and evenly . even when towels overlap it 's not an issue . i own one and do n't have a complaint about it 
approximately 15 minutes . 
hi , according to le creuset website they 're made in china . 
the brand name is present on back of handle . its not engraved but appears as black paint . has not scratched so far . 
yes 
yup ! 
yes the bottoms are flat . 
they are 3.5 '' from the curve of the spoon cup to the edge of the handle 
i went to google to find their location in fairfield , ca , for you and called them @ 1-707-453-0620. they had to get back to me , but yes , they are 18 10 stainless steel . they are engraved with the sizes for permanance . they do n't rust , they measure accurately , and they work fine . 
sorry do not know for sure on either count , but i would say level for exact measurement . 
i did use it to bake some cakes . i followed the same baking instructions as i do for any mini cupcake silicone bake molds . unfortunately the cakes did n't pop out very well due the type of batter i used . unless it is an extremely dense cake or brownie batter it wo n't come out easily or have any real detail to it . i mostly use them for making chocolates and flan now . 
silicone bakeware is oven safe , microwave safe , freezer safe , and top rack dishwasher safe . it is very easy to cook with and removel of your items is very easy . do not use a knife or anything sharp to cut with or remove your baked goods . because it 's flexible , you just bend or twist a little and they slide right out . 
each cavity holds roughly 0.5 ounces , there are slight variations for each shape . 
maybe 1 2 inch . it fits a mini oreo or nutter butter cookie with chocolate all around ... ... great size 
yes 
i would say mini brownie size . small , but very nice shapes ! 
each shape varies slightly but i would say an overall an average would be 4.5 centimeters 
i do not know 
from what i have researched about this product is the base is cast iron ( no aluminum ) and the coating is ceramic ( not teflon ) . i purchased this for safety reasons just like it sounds like you may be . ( aluminum is linked to alzheimers and the teflon is a carcinogen . ) do have a little bit of a problem with sticking and they are quite heavy - but very well made and i will sacrifice a bit of sticking for keeping my health in tack ! they seem to be rated overall as one of the safest from what i have read . hope this helps ! 
le creuset does n't make one , so you 'd have to use a universal lid . 
yes , up to 500 f . 
i use soap , warm water and dish brush , i do the same with the inside . 
it will stick because people tend to make it too hot . the pan holds heat very well . a good olive oil is needed . 
no 
i have never had any issues with searing at high temps , infancy the cast iron is great for that ! 
made in france 
yes , the handle does get hot . an oven mitt or similar works fine for me . 
le creuset does n't make a lid to go with it , but it 's a fairly standard size , i think . i would just google lids for whatever size 10 1 4 , 11 3 4 etc.. , and see what 's out there . 
another website lists this as a quart , or 32 ounces . also , it is made in either thailand or china . 
mine says `` made in china '' on the box 
this is a ceramic pot into which you pour hot water to make tea . it is not a metal pot for boiling the water on a stove of any sort . . 
almost 4 inches ( circumference ) 
i sit on it in the morning to put my shoes on and it is very sturdy at 150 pounds . 
thank you for your inquiry . the bench 's overall size is 40 '' w x 14.20 '' d x 22 '' h. if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to let us know . 
it 's 22 '' high . a great height for sitting and removing or putting on shoes . we have a long decorative pillow that rests against the wall at the back of it -- just for looks and a little padding at your back . we decided not to get a cushion -- no one sits on it for over a minute at a time anyway . 
it is not solid wood is works well for our small corner for shoes it 's nice but not high quality 
thanks for posting , according to the product description , the measurements are : bench overall size is 40 '' w x 14.20 '' d x 22 '' h. basket is 11hmmm ... cape town gardens.02 '' w x 10.24 '' d x 9.06 '' h. i was not able to find specific dimensions for the cushion size . hope to see you soon ! i wa snot able to find psecific dime 
they are about 9 1 2 x 10 inches . they would hold a couple of pairs of flip-flops or children 's shoes . probably one pair of women 's shoes . we do n't put shoes in our baskets -- just on the shelf ( which we put below the basket shelf ) . i have tote bags in one basket and the others are still empty . have n't decided what to put in them yet , : ) 
product dimensions : 40 x 14.2 x 22 inches ; 40 pounds the organizing place 
hello anne . there is no indication that this jug is bpa free nor do i expect it to be so . a good majority of containers ( especially those used in the fields of medicine or other sciences ) contain bpa to improve the overall durability of the plastic . it is also important to note that this item is not made from hdpe but from ldpe- the description is a bit misleading to some . 
jugs we received were clearly labeled ldpe on bottom . greg 
you need to get the catalog of united states plastic corporation ( 1-800-537-9724 ) . it has a very , very detailed list of all chemicals that can and can not be stored in containers made of various plastics such as hdpe , ldpe , pp ( polypropylene ) , pvc , etc . generally , hdpe , ldpe , and pp can store about 99 % of all chemicals . the very few chemicals that ca n't be stored in hdpe and ldpe can be stored in pp . the very few chemicals that ca n't be stored in pp can be stored in hdpe and ldpe . i purchased 7 hdpe wide mouth one-gallon jugs from u.s. plastic corp. 2 years ago and they are still functioning extremely , extremely well despite severe and continuous daily abuse . my 7 handled , one-gallon jugs all say , `` hdpe '' on the bottom of the jugs . my 13 square-shaped , one-gallon jars all say , `` hdpe '' on the bottom of the jars : http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? itemid=41660 http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? itemid=26156 http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? sku=66300 http : www.calpaclab.com chemical-chart-containers http : www.calpaclab.com chemical-chart-containers # ldpe_hdpe http : www.usplastic.com their plastics catalog is free . note : 1.000 gallon equals 128.00 fluid ounces . note : 63.00 millimeters equals 2.4803 inches . 
about 4 inches 
there is no additional pump , but it did have some hoses if my memory serves me . unit has worked well for about a year , is quiet . 
no , this is gravity drain only . 
no . the drain outlet will not accommodate a hose fitting . 
the product manual addresses this question . the fan runs , but not the compressor . not a feature i like , and i probably would n't have gotten the unit if i 'd know this . 
i am pretty sure that is in the specs for that unit . i did not look it up but remember it to be over 2,000 sq feet . those numbers are 'averaged ' so it really depends more on how much moisture enters the space . in the more humid months in northern michigan summers it filled to the shut off point every 24 four hours in my finished basement . that is a lot of water . once it was brought down it did not run continually and filled every 2 days or so . a very nice unit and one of the most quiet i have heard . 
the exhaust air is cool . the room feels drier after it has been running all day and the humidity indicator on the unit shows a lower humidity level . unit is located in a basement where the air is generally cooler than the rest of the house . 
in doing research before buying it appears they have stopped making them with the pump . big disadvantage 
the timer works good . very accurate . 
ddr60a2gp , this unit does not have a pump . 
it 's about 2 to 2 1 2 gallons i would estimate . their guide does n't say . i use it with a continuous drain and it works perfectly . very happy with the purchase . 
not at all , they come right out . great product . 
plastic . 
3 inches . 
yes you can make thin patties also , you control how many ounces of meat you put in the mold 
no recipe book . just a sheet on how to use . you can use whatever you want . i 've used mine a few times and used pickles , jalapeo slices , caramelized onions , mushrooms , cheese and salsa . anything you want to stuff it with is ok . 
you can control the thickness but i consider sliders to be smaller than what the cuisinart does . 
i have not seen a video , but the directions are clear enough to use the burger press . there are no complicated parts to mess with just twisting and pressing . 
this is made of plastic not metal . 
reference : cuisinart csbp-100 3-in-1 stuffed burger press by cuisinart sizes - my son-in-law and son have the units , however if i remember correctly the larger burger comes out about 3 1 2 '' to 4 '' and the sliders are about 2 1 2 to 3 '' . -perfect sizes for us- we quickly learned that the meat makes all the difference in the cooked size . i would suggest that you purchase small packages of different grades of meat from your store or from more than one store and the next hamburger fest make several of the same size burgers with the same seasoning and test them for cooked size , texture , and taste . 
i stuffed cheese in my burgers using this and the burgers turned out awesome ! 
functional , yes . a bit cheaply made , yes . the leakage issue is n't the glass it 's self but around the rim it can leak into the inner chamber due to being poorly glued . some plexiglass solvent adhesive will fix it right up . do n't expect too much . 
i can ship to australia but shipping will be about $ 25 . 
no - the interior wine cup is fully sealed to the cup . like a wine tervis so to speak . 
i tried to pour a 8oz limearita in it & i could n't get all of it in the glass had to drink the rest of the can ! 
they are acrylic . 
the mug is printed on both sides , same design . is holding up great . 
yes , it is . 
there are a few with a male but not the same humor . 
the ceramic mug is made in thailand and the printing is done in the us . 
nope . gel is already in the corkcicle . just pop it in the feezer and away you go . 
it 's there to help stabilize the corkcicle - the tip fits in the intention along the side so it does n't move around . 
i only hand wash and towel dry after it comes to room temperature because of its stainless steel composition and the fact that i prefer no residue from the dishwasher agent in the wine bottle . then , i put it back in the freezer until the next use . 
yes 
you need to freeze for two hours and it will chill the wine as you pour it . 
unfortunately , it does n't . fits best in relatively tall bordeaux-shaped bottles . can be angled slightly to fit in some shorter bottles . does not fit in most burgundy-shaped bottles ( eg , pinot noir ) . works well when it fits . 
it does n't chill the wine sufficiently by itself . it is meant to keep cold the already chilled wine after it is out of fridge to the table . 
i am honestly not sure , i do n't think it came with one . it did n't come with any real paperwork , the instructions were on the product itself . 
no , chillsner does not change the taste of your beer . it keeps it very cold . 
wrt home brew , chances are that if they are bottling they are carbonating in bottle , meaning that there is a yeast ring at the bottom . chilling the beer `` freezes '' the yeast to the bottom ( makes it drop out and stick to the bottom ) , and if the beer is warm the yeast will suspend like a hefeweizen , which is not terrible pleasant for most beer styles . so go with caution . personally i would not use this product for homebrew . this seems perfect for bud , miller , coors and other beers consumed from bottle where as the complexity of home and microbrews are best experienced from proper glassware ( not a shelf friendly pint glass , but i am sure amazon has plenty of specialty glasses to consider . 
stainless steel 
yes , it will fit . 
it is more of drinking near a refrigerator . i see it more of a convenience when coming home and with a friend and wanting two beer , but all that is available is warm beer . this allows one to have a reasonably cold beer immediately while others get cold in the fridge freezer . i am guessing it would work if put in a large cooler for places away from the home , but really not the best option in that situation . 
yes , it 's wide enough . but you probably wo n't need it - i suspect the ( very ) occasional trip through the dishwasher will take care of things . 
a generous mouthful 
nope . you drink right thru it . the top fits on top of the beer bottle . 
these fit standard beer bottle sizes ( sam adams , bud , miller , coors ) but it does not fit smaller beer bottles like blue moon . the corkcicle is too tall and will not seal to the blue moon bottles . 
i would think it would have to be checked . 
yes ... oops ! 
sure , but if you just stuffed a tea bag in there it would take longer to brew . a better way might be to cut the bag open and pour the loose tea into the infuser . 
yep ! it comes just as you see it , this little box and then inside the box is your manatee in a little plastic wrapping . 
hi we ship the same day . if you are in the us you will receive it within 5 days . are you outside the us ? thank you the name of our shop is girlzlyfe 
whoa -- tough one . perhaps a vinegar rinse ? the infuser i purchased was mr. tea , and he did not have that strong plastic aroma , which i , too , would find offputting . yikes . hope this helps . 
yes 
as of november 1 2013 it seems to be in stock . kitchen kapers has it , too . 
fred & friends website shows made in china 
it sure is ! its made from a bpa-free silicone . i 'm a female who 's trying to conceive so its important to me things are bpa-free . 
just to add to this conversation , even if many month later : i called all clad and they said the tea kettle is made in china . most of their products are . made i n the us ! except for specialty items like this . it is made in an all clad factory , not sub-contracted out , and it is made to their specs and monitored , as they do in all their factories . given this response i am going to buy the tea kettle because i have had their cookware for many years and am satisfied . i have to trust them , even though i am not in the h a it of trusting corporations anymore , in particular those having anything to do with the growing and preparation of food . 
keep the kettle on a burner smaller in diameter than that of the kettle and the handle stays cool . 
according to the description of the stainless steel posted by amazon it is 18 10 : premium stainless steel construction classic design , high performance and lifetime durability unite in the stainless collection , all-clad 's most popular line of cookware . products in the collection feature an interior core of aluminum for even heating and a high-polished , 18 10 stainless steel exterior and cooking surface for fine culinary performance . 
my paperwork says there is a lifetime warranty for defective construction , material or workmanship under normal use . they did respond quickly and repaced my first kettle because it did n't whistle because spout cap did n't seat correctly . the new one works great , very happy with it and it whistles nice and loud . 
the one i bought today says made in china . 
it depends on whether you are going to watch it or not . 
2 quart . it is good sized . does not look small on stovetop . also not huge . whistle is harmonic , not shrill . i will tell you that i am sending mine back as it does not always whistle -- usually does not . i see a number of other reviews that say the same thing . i would try something else but after much research , i still believe this is a great product . others are cheaper but i do n't want rust or particles in my water . 
it appears to be about 10 inches . it covers the gas burner grill plate on my stove . great kettle and does n't show burn marks . 
yes , you can keep the whistle lid open to pour the water . this is my second all clad whistling tea kettle . the first one did not whistle and this one does whistle but you will not hear it if you move out of the kitchen . it is not the best whistling kettle . my first one i returned to the company because it just did not whistle at all . all in all , i am not as happy with this all clad kettle because of the weak whistle . 
no rusting after a year of daily use ; and i solved the `` discolorization '' problem i was having with barkeeper 's friend 
i have n't washed it . i dont use it to cover up . sorry , im not much help . 
it is washable . i have washed mine many times and it still looks like new . it comes with two shams and the three pillows on the picture . my dimensions are your standard queen dimensions . hope this helps ! 
it is a comforter . i would say it is medium ; not overly thick , but more than a sheet . 
it fits a little smaller than i 'd like but it 's true to size . 
they are about 3.5 '' from forehead to chin , and about 3 '' across from ear to ear . the cookies are the same size -- the way it works is one side is the cookie cutter , and the other side is the cookie stamp . 
hi ! there are n't any recipes printed on the box , but there are several different roll-out cookie recipes available on their website : fredandfriends.com blog cookies i 'm not sure if store-bought sugar cookies would work well or not -- try it and see ! : ) i usually make my doughs from scratch using recipes from wilton , joy of cooking , etc . hope this helps . 
what a great idea ! yes , you could do that , and i 'm going to as well ! they are large and stiff so i think it will work best with a little padding under the paper you are stamping . i used them to make clay ornaments . 
use royal icing colored with gel paste food colors ( not liquid or oil based ) - you can buy the colors in craft stores like michaels . it only takes a small amount to get very bright and vivid colors . as the icing dries the color will deepen . if you are really ambitious you could use candy like `` wilton candy melts '' ( also found in craft stores ) . they come in many different colors or you can buy white and use oil based candy coloring to custom make the colors you want . i say `` ambitious '' because you have to keep the candy melted but be careful not to overheat it or it will seize . trust me , there is a bit of a learning curve when using them ! you could use colored buttercream icing as well but then you would n't be able to stack them ( without messing up your hard work ) if you need to make a bunch and have to travel with them . if you do n't need to stack them , that is what i would use - it would be the easiest ! royal icing and candy melts will harden so you can stack the cookies if need be . oh , and to make royal icing ( if you 're unfamiliar with it ) , you can find meringue powder at the same craft store and the recipe is on a paper that comes with the container . you can make royal icing with raw egg whites but it is n't really recommended . i hope this answers your question ! 
yes we do . you have to go through the process and before your order is complete it will tell you the cost for shipping . thanks girlzlyfe 
mine was a set of four . four total pieces . 
you might want to dust flour on the dough before stamping . 
well never dealing with resin these cutters are a bit unusual as they have the shape cutout underneath and the top is a stamp . i.e . you cutout the shape , put on the cookie sheet and reverse ( upside down ) the cutter and stamp the design i hope this helps as they are adorable . 
yes . it cuts the cookie and creates indents for coloring it with glaze frosting 
i did n't use white icing , just used colored icing to fill in areas , same as pictured on box . 
yes , it 's good quality and wash well . 
it is white , heavy duty cotton with pretty grey pattern 
it is not a soft and silky duvet with a high thread count . i am totally guessing , but feels like about 300 thread count however it is not scratchy . it has stood up to repeated washings with no fading , little to no pilling and our kids climb all over our bed and it stands up to that kind of wear . my only minor annoyance is that it is slightly smaller than our king size bed cover so it gets a little bunched up inside the duvet . 
they are white with dark grey flowers . 
it does n't have ties . 
17 5 8 '' wide , 11 1 2 '' deep , 31 1 4 '' tall 
17 5 8 '' wide , 11 1 2 `` deep and 31 1 4 '' tall 
it would be a tight fit , depending on the size of the can . with it 's propensity for tipping over i 'm not sure i 'd want to store trash in it though . 
two shelves plus the bottom 
press board but it 's a good cabinet . sturdy . 
the inside dimension of the top wood border is 16 '' wide by 10.75 '' in depth . 
the back is pressed board . mine is in the bathroom and has held up beautifully ! ! it holds a lot more than i expected . 
not in this exact design . there is a darker one , model 414031 . 
you would need to put the granite piece on - there is nothing under it . 
it is so very easy and worth every penny . i really love mine . you will be happy you purchased it . top looks like marble . 
the dimensions on the sauder website are correct . not sure why they 're wrong here . 
33.75 inches 
they could but they would probably flow over and fall off , it is not wide enough . i would not put them there . 
i do n't think so . my daughter actually never set it up because as she was taking it out of the box she realized it was cheaply made ( the back behind the shelves and cabinet is cardboard ) and did n't think it would survive the humidity in the bathroom . she sent it back for a refund . 
black shelf inside the unit . measures as stated . 
the ones provided didnt work . i had some heavy duty ones from another project . they provide an l bracket to secure with . 
just checked . inside dimensions at the height of the brace bar are 21 '' w x 7 '' d. hope this helps . 
the panel is a plastic but still looks good 
sorry , this cabinet would be about 5-6 inches too short . 
i measure about 7.5 inches from the floor to the bottom edge of the lower brace . 
i did not and it worked great 
the decorative lip is 1 3 8inches but the rest of the leg is 3 4 in . one thing to check is that your toilet tanks width is 20 in or less otherwise the legs may not straddle it . 
it is adjustable , as in it has notches so can be from 4 to 11 inches up 
pressboard . i find it sturdy . it does not sway , it seems to be holding up very well . we like it and find it nice looking . the shelves hold a lot of stuff . 
hi adrian , the height for just the toilet space is 34 '' and the width is a little less than 21 '' . hope this helps ! elyse 
cabinet is 7 1 4 inches deep , 69 1 4 inches high , 23 1 2 inches wide with a space of 20 inches wide for the toilet 
it 's definitely a really dark brown , i do n't really see any red in it . hope that helps . 
this is the only brown it comes in . it is a darker brown finish . 
it is a very dark brown , not cherry . 
no ... this unit is made for the restroom and conceals toiletries and maybe small home decor items . 
noooooo ... i would n't do it . optimum tea brewing for japanese green tea ( my favorite ) occurs at 180 degrees . this pot is perfect for that but as a container not preparer . i would not put heat in direct contact with the glass . even bodum recommends using a `` trivet '' when warming tea . this pot is not designed for direct boiling of water . sorry . 
the lid fits into the infuser . if you do n't use the infuser you can not use the lid . 
you can use the glass pot in the microwave without the strainer and lid press . several places online say that the glass pot alone is microwave safe . 
there are no glass handles . the handle you see in the picture is plastic . i 've been using my press for about 3 years and have never had a problem . very sturdy . 
yes , mine has a light brown tint now . 
i also purchased a tea pot warmer that uses a tea light candle . it keeps the pot of tea just the right temp for drinking for several hours or until i finish the pot . 
yes absolutely . there is more than enough room . highly recommended product . 
it 's very easy , put fruit of your choice in the basket add water , put the lid on and drink . i 've added , strawberries , lemon , lime , apples , cucumbers and different assorted berries . 
the bottle is plastic . 
pretty small . to be honest , i never use it and would n't purchase this again . i am using essential oils for my water instead . i also just add fruit directly to my water and do n't use the infuser . 
22 '' wide . 24 '' high . 15 '' deep 
no i do n't think they are stable enough . 
no , the drawers only open on the front . 
it 's bigger and flimsy do n't recommend . 
just measured it and it is 24inches tall which was perfect for what i wanted -- it fit under my work table . 
good 
this is much bigger than that ... . 
mine had wheels inside one of the drawers when i took it out of the box . 
i think it 's 24 '' without the wheels but i 'm not 100 % sure . i bought this but returned it because it was n't strong enough for what i was planning to store in it - so i ca n't double check for you ; sorry . 
19 '' w x 14 '' d x 7 '' h 
they do , but minimal - nothing like glass . very pleased with them . 
we find that the short ones are stackable ( in twos ) , but that our shelf is not quite tall enough to stack the tall glasses . 
it is the four colors shown on the box . two of each color of the tall tumblers and and two of each color of the smaller ones . 
the instructions say not to use anything stronger than 30 proof , or 15 % alcohol . this means anything stronger will ruin them ! so i do n't use them staight for wine or stronger . but i do use them for mixed drinks and so far no problems . i use glass for stronger drinks which is rare for me . 
medium on kitchen scale is 1 oz . large is 1.5 oz . 
hi . it is a cotton drawstring . although there is nothing that secures the drawstring when you close it , i have had no trouble with them staying closed and keeping everything in . 
they are probably helpful because they allow air to flow , unlike plastic bags . but the whole reason i got them is because i discovered a fantastic product called fresh paper . one sheet of this earth friendly paper in the drawer keeps things fresh for weeks . combined with the bags , it 's a great combination . whole foods carries them or you can get them at www.fenugreen.com . definitely saving money since i started getting them . 
yes , rice will fall through the mesh . it 's about 1 8 inch square . you should use the organic cotton muslin bags for grains like rice . 
yes . they are cloth and washable . 
although i 've machine- laundered them , i do n't know about boiling the mesh bags . 
they are made in india . 
there are two tags made from two different materials , i would assume they are both synthetic blends . 
these bags are light weight but heavy duty . love mine . even bought some for friends . 
i do n't usually keep leafy greens in the mesh bags in the frig ... .i do keep mushrooms , zucchini in them . i use the mesh bags for trips to the grocery store for any kind of veggie . 
yes the venta is a humidifier and air purifier.i live in a desert area with little humidity so it is great my air smells clean too 
yes , good for both . just like laptops . you might need an adapter but it works from 100-240v . 
this machine is very quite . it comes in three sizes and i have the smallest unit . the unit i own has two speeds and it 's just as quite when set to the higher speed . i strongly reccomend this product for allergy sufferes . 
yes , it is . i keep a plastic bucket to tote the water and just lift the lid on the venta and pour it in to the water level marked inside each day . every two weeks i take off the top and dump out the used water , put the reservoir ( the bottom ) in my bath tub and clean it out -- then refill it with fresh water and add the venta water treatment additive . since i live in the desert of western colorado and i use a swamp cooler rather than an air conditioner , i will soon be cleaning the venta with the venta cleaner and storing it until fall . i used to have the large venta , but am in a smaller apartment now and the small one is easy to handle for me . 
yes , there are . on the top of the unit , small blue lights indicating the unit is operating and at which level ... i use mine predominantly during the night without sleep interference ... . 
first , measure the size of your studio apartment ; the lw15 will work for a space up to 200 sf . if it 's larger , google venta and see if model lw25 or lw45 will meet your needs . 
110 v only 
yes 
we only offer this in 110 , sorry . 
it is very quiet , that 's one of the reasons i purchased it . i own this unit for the bedroom and a larger one for the great room . 
i never checked . i personally would n't use matching . use something else and make it yours . 
cotton i suppose . it 's not silky or anything . 
it 's black down the center and i love it ! not to heavy but just right . 
comforter sham : face : 100 % cotton print fabric ; back : 100 % polyester brushed fabric ; comforter filli 
comes with two shams and the small decorative pillow . 
it is a cotton over the batting of the comforter . nice fabric and good quality . 
the reds are more rusty orangey , so i would think brick red would work . 
do n't know the thread count . it 's not % 100 cotton but a blend . it 's not a thick fabric but sort of silky . seems like good quality for the price . 
yes it will fit . 
the side with all the colors has a white background . the other side is all light beige . similar to the wall color in the room , a shade lighter 
yes 
i have a queen platform bed with a mattress that shows about 10 inches above the frame on the sides . the duvet covers the mattress well . it does not cover the bed frame and is definitely not as long as the one in the picture but on my bed it does not appear too small . i love the colors and fabric of the cover . i 'm glad i bought it . 
i would say yes because all the areas that appear red are actually burnt orange . i purchased it because of that but mine is definitely more orange . hope that helps . 
no ironing needed . but it is oversized . it 's really colorful . 
yes it does it a beautiful piece ! 
i have washed it several times and it is holding up well so far . 
there is no brand name on the comforter . 
yes . it does ! 
it is navy blue - darker than the photo . the light stripe is white , and the other trim stripe is khaki . i would like to add , that khaki does lean a little toward olive khaki , but is still attractive with the blue and white . the fabric is soft and lightweight , which i like instead of a heavy comforter . 
i do n't recall , and no longer have the paperwork . however , the fabric has a really nice soft feel , and not heavy in weight like allot of comforters . 
yes it hold well it the wash. iv had it for a year and washed it many times . no holes in it and no seams coming undone . it holds up very well 
it 's a cotton poly blend . 
it can be . the color is solid gray . 
not sure about that buying extra shams i would contact seller . it is a comforter you can find at other places if you google it amazon had the best price at the time . 
no 
hello , thank you for contacting us . at this time it appears the queen size is out of stock . regards , dolores ramirez designer living customer service 
it 'll be short 
those are actually pillow shams and are included with the comforter set . 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . we do not have any particular sheet sets to match this comforter set . please feel free to visit our website to browse our sheets . thank you , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 
the `` twin '' comforter set is made to fit both twin and xl twin . basically , if you have a regular twin , you will have more sheet to tuck under the mattress . if you have xl twin , it 'll be a more `` perfect '' , snug fit . the `` full '' size set is made to fit both full and queen mattresses . 
dear coty , we have checked with all of our suppliers and unfortunately , this pattern is only available in twin , full and queen . : ( we do have similar patterns colors available in king , however , that you may be interested in . below are links to several of them for your review . http : www.amazon.com madison-park-hypoallergenic-discounted-bedspreads dp b00rpk25jc ref=sr_1_97 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1420225028 & sr=8-97 & keywords=jk+westco http : www.amazon.com kate-spain-sunnyside-quilt-yellow dp b00k5483aa ref=sr_1_23 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1420224925 & sr=8-23 & keywords=jk+westco http : www.amazon.com madison-park-cameo-piece-coverlet dp b00ijus7d0 ref=sr_1_56 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1420224970 & sr=8-56 & keywords=jk+westco thank you . jk westco 
it came with a bed skirt , the comforter . the two decorative pillow shams and one small decorative grey pillow as you seen in picture . 
mason , no it does not but that 's an easy fix really . check out the trendy bed for all your bed skirt needs . thank you , cathy @ the trendy bed 
no . it 's a comforter 
i do n't have the dimensions ( i returned it ) , but the comforter did n't hang off the mattress like most sized comforters . it seemed too short and thin . i returned it because the fabric was really cheap and slippery . 
no 
i love this set ! but it all depends on you . it 's white gray and yellow and when you flip it it 's all gray . if you incorporate all those colors to your room then it would look fine , but if you do n't im not sure how it would look . but it 's well worth the buy and it 's very comfortable . it also keeps me warm during the winter . hope this helps . 
we can do our best and can expedite shipping however tuesday 8 11 no it can not make it by tomorrow . 
per the tag on the blanket : machine wash cold , gently and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low . if there is no free movement in washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial machine . remove promptly . do not iron . 
yes , i bought three boxes of these recently . i just checked an unopened box and the glasses are in a printed luminarc carton . these are exactly like the luminarc glasses we 've purchased over the last 20 years or more . 
no , but i did n't have one tip over , so not a true measure . 
no . there are double digit numbers on each one , all different ( ie . 48 , 32 , 66 ) . the numbers are tiny and at the edge on the bottom of each glass . 
i have stacked one on top of another , it is n't a perfect fit and i only do it when all of my glasses are clean at the same time and i 'm short on cabinet space . i sure would n't stack more than two together . 
if you are talking about reasonably full quantities ( but not to the very top ) , the ounces are 10 & 16 . 
yes 
no . they are just very large beverage glasses . 
yes , i received instructions , albeit brief ones . the unit is simple to operate . fill both containers and place them in the unit . press down and hold the lower knob to turn it on . then , you can adjust the fan level by turning the knob either way . you can then adjust the level of humidity with the upper knob . when one of the units empties , the readout will flash with the humidity level ( in numbers ) and `` f '' for the side that is empty . all very simple . i like my unit a lot ; it does just what it 's supposed to , and makes for a relatively nice-looking piece of furniture , as well . good luck ! 
it is made to look like real wood but it is not . but you can not tell unless you are touching it because they did a very good job . like the new deck materials that they have to make a deck look like it is wood but it is not . i love ours and it goes well with our real wood furnishings . after a year of having this the only thing we had to change out was the filter on the back because we have dogs . 
yes that was a bit confusing . i ended up using one screw and should be fine . 
check essick air web site 
the difference between the two units is output and coverage area . the 697-500 is rated at 11 gallons of output per day covering 2,300 sq ft whereas the 697-500hb covers 2,500 sq ft with a daily output rating of 12 gallons . 
i think it is about the same as a window ac unit in the same room . 
the top and bottom measurements = 17.5 inches x 17.5 inches , and it is 27 inches tall . the tile inset in the top is 12 x 12 . 
easy ! just lift the main unit off the base and the base unit is exposed for easy cleaning . just lift the cage out off the base that contains the wick and go for it . the instructions recommend weekly cleaning and sterilizing . two of the 3 units i have purchased this season have reached 750 hours of operation when `` cf '' check filter ) appears on the readout . i opened both units and determined that there was no reason to do a deep cleaning at that time . i add a few caps full of bacteriostat to every other filling to keep mold and mildew out of the unit . if you have hard water , the wicks will harden with mineral deposits quickly and will need to be replaced . i have hard water and have not yet felt it necessary to replace these wicks . they are fairly cheap at around $ 13 each ( 1 per unit ) . i am hoping to get a full season out a wick . hope this helps . 
the description says 2000 sq ft. our house is 1400 sf and it works great 
i have to fill mine twice a day . it holds 4 gallons and i put in about 3 gallons in the morning and again when i get home from work . there seems to be people who have issues with it being plastic . i do n't have any issues with that . 
there is a door in front which flips open and u insert a spout into it we use a gallon jug with a pour spout to fill it actually an old orage juice container the humidifier works great and the fill line is visible though the door 
my remote does n't work well either . hit adn miss as to if the humidifier receives the signal even with direct line of sight . it frequently registers an entirely different humidity than the humidifier , even when set on top of the humidifier for `` calibration '' . i would n't bother with the remote - get some exercise , walk over and adjust the fan or shutoff humidity . 
i think you 'll need 2 units to cover 2 floors in an area with a typically dry winter climate . the ep9-500 is a decent unit if you need it for appearances . the 821-000 unit in white will do an equal or better job . it is far easier to fill and see the water level plus it holds more water . a flashlight is needed to see the water level on the ep9-500 . i operate both units on their lowest fan speed . the higher speeds are too noisy . a hygrometer placed in different places will show the distribution of humidity throughout the house . the air needs to circulate to even things out . both units take the 1043 replacement filter . refill with filtered water if possible to extend filter life . 
we have a fairly open upstairs level and have attained 60 's . a closed in room would definitely be easy to control . 
i suspect the humidifier would run without the wick . since it does come with one , you could experiment . regardless of whether your water is pre-filtered , there are almost always minerals that will be left on the filter of a humidifier . 
i 'll guess yes . probably would n't take kindly to my sitting on it ( 220 lb ) . 
my silicone spoon rests are extremely stain resistant . i have n't had any problems whatsoever . 
no idea , there is nothing stamped on the spoon rests themselves to indicate where it originated . the packaging might have said but that went in the trash as soon as i got them . 
spoin rests . they are great . hold big cooking things on the stove 
the little red item is an ear-bud holder ( random , i know ) . you can stick the buds in the little indents then wrap the cord around the red thing so it does n't get tangled . at least that 's what the little red thing was that came with my set ! hope this helps ! 
yes you can stack them up . that 's what i did . it looks great 
yes they are . i love them for my make up and jewelrys 
yes ma'am it will i use it for my makeup so it will fit 
yes it is 
if the order is fulfilled by nile corp , it will be shipped from our facility in california . the transit time is between 1-7 days depending on your location . 
yes : ) it 's just a black paper made to not sratch or dirty the inside 
about 1 2 in 
my drawers are not that tall a eyeliner lipstick or flat eyeshadow sets nicely without extra room 
made in china 
4 5 8 inches 
yes it is , i re-heat my coffee constantly ! 
3.5 `` 
do not buy this mug -- -ironically it cracked the first time hot coffee was poured into it -- did we get `` a lemon '' ? perhaps ... .but our experience was not a good one . 
mine is 4 5 8 '' , great for heating 400ml of water in a microwave for pour over coffee . 
i 'm not sure , but i have poured boiling water in mine with no adverse effects . 
i gave them to my daughter and son-in-law ( who thought the cups were funny ) , so i do n't know . sorry . 
yee 
the diameter of these tumblers is 3:00 inches 
these tumblers are not designed to be stacked as their top and base are similar in diameter . hope this answers your question . 
it works fantastic on tile or laminate . so well that when i steam mop there is very little dirt on the mop head . very powerful suction . i have 7 indoor outdoor animals so this machine is a must . 
i have a bernese mt dog . this vacuum handle mountains of long fur , broken beef bones , broken bits of wood , coins , screws etc . nothing your parrot drops could slow it down . 
yes , and a dusting brush that fits over the end of the crevice tool , and a small upholstery attachment . 
it is a little quieter than our hoover upright but still far from whisper quiet . we bought it for our travel trailer and it does the job out there . the wife uses it some in the house because of the ability to get into tighter places . still it does interfere with watching a football game when she does this in the same room . 
very easy to use and change cleaning heads . it is so lightweight and easy to pull around so no backache . instructions are easy to read and when you buy one , they keep emailing you with hints and added information . if you have any questions about the unit you can call or email them and they will respond quickly . i love mine and would recommend it to anyone . 
do n't quite understand what your question is , but if you are wondering how this vacuum stacks up against a sears kenmore vac , i would say , `` very well '' . my previous vac was a consumer reports top-rated kenmore . it was a bagged , upright vac and did a nice job on our carpets , but i think the dyson does a better job and i 'm loving the lightweight canister , especially when i do the stairs . 
there is an attachment called the `` brush bar '' that comes with the dc39 animal canister . it is designed to be used on both carpeting and hard surface floors . for carpets use the attachment with the rotating brush ( build in ) on . for hard surface floors leave rotating brush turned off . might be a question of some scuffing scratching on hard surfaces but i have n't noticed it yet . still marveling over the job it does with cat and dog hair in carpets . have n't investigated subject but i 'm sure dyson offers other hard surface attachments if `` brush bar '' poses a problem on your hard surfaces . mike a 
this is the most compact lightest weight vac i 've ever had and the cord is totally retractable , and actually works when you press the button . the only criticism is that any accessories you purchase for this must be stored separately , as they will not store on the unit itself . hope that helps . 
i got mine at costco . it was the animal plus and it came with two crevice tools , duster , angle duster , stair tool , extension hose , hard brush , smaller turbine . i do n't think you get all that when buying on amazon . you can get them on sale at costco right now for $ 360 . the sale ends today sunday , august 3. they go on sale there a few times a year . 
hmm , i 'm not sure since i never bother to turn the brush off even on laminate and tile floors . ( see answer from t. cail ) . but if you have to go from hard floors to carpet , i would avoid dyson . it is difficult to maneuver on my med-short carpet and most of the time the brush stops working because it gets stuck on the carpet . very frustrating . 
your dc 41 animal should have come with the tangle free tool ( 3 attachments total ) . it was either mis-packed by dyson , or you accidentally threw away the tool with the packaging ( the tool is in a separate plastic bag surrounded by cardboard ) . there is indeed another version , the dc 41 animal complete , but both contain the basic tangle free tool . my dc 41 animal purchased from bed bath & beyond contained the tangle free tool . 
got this directly from dyson : `` all of our upright and canister style machines carry a 5 year manufacturer warranty to back up our machines . amazon is an authorized retailer , and so long as the machine is not purchased used or second hand , it will feature our warranty . '' 
hi shelly t. attachments that are all attached to the sweeper : a long wand that fits inside the hose , a narrow crevice tool , a small brush that 's nice for lampshades , etc. , a tool that 's used to sweep furniture pillows . then there is an attachment that comes with the sweeper but does n't attach ; it is to use on carpeted steps or furniture with heavy animal hair . that 's it shelly . i hope i 've answered your question . 
insofar as i can tell , if you are talking about on unit storage - it does not . i 've a bag of stuff that is not meant to actually fit on the unit , though i wish it did ... 
i have wood and carpet and it does fine . i just use the nozzle for furniture . 
it works well on my very thick shag rug . 
no there is no way to relax the coil hose . that 's one of its drawbacks and something other reviewers cautioned about . one guy had the dyson fall down a flight of stairs as he used the coil hose . everything else releases with a click button . that said , have had the machine since summer and still amazed at the power of the suction . 
hello , the cleaning head masures slightly over 13 inches wide and seems pretty effective in the corners . as for `` complete '' it does have a wond for attachments built into the handle and a few basica attachments which are fine for my needs . 
this works on a standard american household voltage of 110 , 60htz 
it 's the best for dog hair 
sorry this is so late . the color reads as turquoise , there is no blue in this quilt . it is stunning with white , cobalt blue touches and a touch of citrus green . i am an artist and these colors are in bedroom and my kitchen . 
i do n't know the exact measurements , but i am using the one labeled as a `` queen size '' on my twin size bed , and it is huge . it would most definitely be big enough for a queen size ! ! 
soft , thin , and heavy . not puffy . we love it . 
my 13 yr. old daughter runs hot at night with her fan on high but still used this blanket over her . so in not sure how to answer that . it seems like it would be similar to a soft double layer microfiber smooth cover . 
i do n't believe i have a twin xl mattress . but on my regular twin the coverlet starts at the top where the mattress begins and there is still a foot of material past the end that hangs over . 
yes , i have a queen pillow top and it fits great ! 
it 's more green than blue . 
it is a cotton and poly bed spread with many rows of stitching . very pretty and durable for a teenagers bed . 
it is teal with more green base than blue . my daughter thought it would be a little more blue but she loves it . she is 22 and using it during grad school . 
hello- it 's fully reversible , so you can use the gray side and the teal will not show through . 
hello heesook- the twin and the twin xl in this item are both 68x90 '' so the twin size on amazon should work . sincerely , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 info @ designerliving.com 
yes . it 's a nice bedspread and held up well in the washer . 
hello julie- i show that this is in stock now . thank you- designer living customer service 
it comes with the quilt , the two blue pillows ( which are reversible ) and the little blue and gray striped one . the `` grey '' one is not actually a pillow -- it looks like it is in the picture , but it 's just the quilt bunched up . 
the comforter is reversible 
thank you for your e-mail . unfortunately , we only have the twin size available for the mizone libra coverlet set on our designer living site . 
the standard size is 25 '' x 16 '' , the queen is 29 '' x 16 '' , and the king is 35 '' x 16 '' . all of them are about 6 '' high . 
the gel is only one side of the pillow . the other side is the dense foam the pillow is made of . 
i find this pillow firm but has the right amount of 'give ' to be extremely comfortable . worth every penny . have used this pillow ever since i bought it- almost a year . it has not shrank or lost its support as other brands have . 
i only have the standard size , so i ca n't give you any comparison information . i can tell you , that the standard size is bigger than a regular standard size pillow . i have standard size pillow cases ... fairly expensive ones , so they run a bit big ... .and i have never had a problem putting any other standard size pillow in it , and i always had plenty of room . this pillow , is obviously bigger than other standards , as i have to work a bit to get it in their . i wish i could be of more help , but that 's all the info i have . i can tell you the standard is 5 1 2 inches thick , 23 1 2 '' long , and 15 1 2 '' deep . good luck , my standard is great for me ! 
lol ... been asked so many questions about this pillow , and yours would seem so easy , but it 's actually hardest . do n't have proper scale for an exact weight . so , after comparisons i made , i will say about 4 pounds ... .dense 4 pounds , though . do n't think that its hard on your head though . i stand by every word i said in my review months ago . use it every night and it is still in perfect condition . i wish i could be of more help . i have never had a better , more comfortable pillow , in my life . good luck ! 
the height of the pillow will be 15cm ( ~6inch ) so probably high loft 
i took it out of the plastic and set it on top of a plastic bin so air could get all around it . since was a slow process i took the zippered cover off and set the pillow insides on the bin . a couple of times a day i squeezed it and turned it over . 
the king fits perfect in a king pillow case . 
i am not sure , but only after a few night 's sleeping on it , the memory foam trapped my body heat & caused me to sweat.i would return right away and go online and look for a talalay latex pillow with the specially designed holes through them , you will be glad you did , i am . 
28 '' w x 15 '' l x 8 '' h . rough estimates with a tape measure . : ) 
i use mine without the cover . i have n't noticed any marks or impressions . i just wanted the cooling of the gel without the covering . 
i do n't think you can . i would recommend passing on this one . after a short period of time it will lose its ability to stay firm . i wake up and the pillow is totally flat . i had to stop using it . 
i found it to stay much cooler than normal pillows . i live in southern louisiana and the pillow does n't get hot even in super hot nights . i never shift in the night because my head gets hot after i got this pillow . 
ca n't we all ? it is about 5-6 inches when arrives in packages but expands as it settles in to the natural air 
i 'd say a little in between both firm and soft . it is soft until you get settled then it gets a tad firm . i am a back sleeper but , occasionally i sleep on my side . 
it is 5 '' deep . i sleep on my back if my fibro acting up laying on my side cause to much pain . 
about one third of the way 
i would say it 's about 2 to 2 and a half pounds . 
my wife and i are both side sleepers . both of us agree that these pillows are the best ever . we love them ... .. 
actually many customers use a magnetic knife rack for these knives . the coating does not inhibit the steel in these knives from being used on a magnetic knife rack . 
yes ... all knives come with hard plastic sheaths 
yes ! and they 'll sharpen for free . just got a couple of mine back today . 
yes this unit has a thermostat , use a wall thermometer and the knob on the left set temperature .turn the left knob fully counter clockwise , then turn the knob clockwise in 1 4 turn increments , stopping each time to allow room temperature to stabilize , check wall thermometer until desired temperature is reached . leave the knob where it is and every time the heater is turned on it will heat your room to the desired temperature set previously . 
my red duraflame is in my living room . i 've gotten comments from visitors to my house about how realistic the fireplace looks . i think it makes the room look cozy . can you tell the flames are fake ? of course , but they look as real as any faux fireplace that i 've seen ( and i 've owned five different electric fireplaces ) . i have a black duraflame fireplace that 's been in my three-season sunroom for about six years now , and it 's on carpet . so yes , you can put the heater on carpeting . 
the stove is metal . it is very solidly built . i have owned approximately six electric stoves over the years and this is my second favorite . it is in my living room . it is just the right size and it looks wonderful . i would highly recommend it . 
yes 
yes it has a fan in the back . it 's not hot to touch . every now and then it 's recommend to ck the fan and clean it as needed 
no remote , but we love it . adorable and warm- what 's not to like ? 
no 
i personally would not put it in a space without a little air circulation . this unit is being used in a small alcove with approximately 4-6 inches clearance around and works really well . the air is forced out through the bottom front . 
very light maybe 5 pounds . 
its small , i 'm guessing about 1 and 1 2 feet tall and 18 inches across , but it really does a great job heating up a room , i have 3 others that i paid hundreds for that do n't work as well as this little ( cute ) work horse .also , it 's a pretty cranberry color ( not red ) 
no . tablespoons and ounces . 
because long live the king ! ! 
the markings go up to 2 oz , but you could probably fit another half ounce or so in there . 
yes they will nest with each other . i do n't know about the measuring cup . 
it 's stainless steel . i do n't think there 's much of anything that 'll hurt it . 
my marking are still fresh and clear after many trips through the dishwasher . 
i am unfamiliar with the press you have but here are the measurements you should need to answer your question . the disks are metal and measure 1 15 16 inches in diameter ( just less than 2 inches ) and are about 1 32 of an inch thick ( i did n't get out the calipers ) . if you measure a disk for your existing press you should be able to determine if they will work . also , the press they are designed for holds the disks 1 4 inch from the cookie sheet . the cookie shapes will come out a bit off if your press uses a different depth . hope this helps . 
hi - that is supposed to be an autumn leaf , an oak leaf i think . kind of pretty in chocolate or orange with autumn colored sparkly sugar . i have a jar of mixed red yellow orange that is perfect . 
i do n't think so ... i had the wilton cookie press and this is not quite the same size . 
they are exactly 2 '' across . 
i do n't know if this helps , but they fit into the marcato cookie press . 
i do n't know since i have n't had a wilton but the ones from my hutzler one fits and i am pretty sure they are all standard . they are metal , very cute . 
sorry , i 'm not sure . i have n't used mine yet . most likely 3 4 c . 
i have the two sizes . the small one is 1.75 '' and the large one is 2.25 '' . 
yes its 100 % silicone 
i do n't know . i use them for yogurt pops and smoothy pops . i think the top of the frozen pop would be a bit big in diameter to use in a water bottle . 
i received 10 
10 
the approximate measurements are follows : 1 . ) the height is 57 1 4 inches tall ( back of the baker 's rack ) 2 . ) 25 1 4 inches wide ( back of the baker 's rack ) 3 . ) the top 2 shelves are 24 1 2 inches x 9 1 2 inches 4 . ) the 3rd shelf is 24 1 2 x 12 1 4 inches 5 . ) the bottom shelf is 24 1 2 x 13 1 4 inches the space between each shelf : 6 . ) bottom shelf to 3rd shelf is 16 3 4 inches 7 . ) 3rd shelf to 2nd shelf is 14 3 4 inches 8 . ) 2nd shelf to top shelf is 10 3 4 inches 
the one i purchased has been outside on patio for 7 months . it has not rusted . 
so much depends on the size and shape of the items placed on the shelves - note , this bakers rack is free standing , so care must be taken when `` loading '' the shelves 
the distance between the two top shelves is about 11 inches . those shelves are slightly narrower having a depth about 9 and 1 2 inches . the distance between the second ( top ) shelf and third is about 14 inches with the third shelf being a little more than a foot deep . the distance from the the shelf to the bottom shelf is about 17 inches with the bottom shelf being a little more than 13 inches deep . so yes the bottom shelves are deeper . 
they are given in the description ... 58 high x 14 deep x 26 inches wide 
sorry for the delay . 1-3 4 , 1-1 4 , and 1 2 fl oz . 
i wash by hand as well and i find no difficulty with keeping them clean and looking new . i just squeeze the handle a few times while washing to ensure i get under the scooper clean . 
the diameter of the largest is 2.25 '' and the smallest is 1.5 '' . sorry , i do n't know the middle one is . it might have broken , and some one in my family threw it away already . 
china 
i believe they said hand wash , but i have run them on the top shelf of my dishwasher with no issues : ) 
they are n't the flimsiest ones i 've purchased , nor are they the sturdiest . i 've had mine for a couple years & none have broken . one does `` skip '' when i use it on thick cookie dough , but otherwise it works fine . if you are buying these with the intent to use to scoop ice cream or thicker tougher types of cookie doughs , i 'd maybe suggest going with another brand ; however , if your intent is to use for cake batters or mailable doughs , they are a good purchase for the money . 
there are cheaply made melon ball scoopers , i used them once and they broke , send back for refund 
depends on the size of your raviloi . the small one might work but you might want to use a melon baller . 
hello , i 'm sorry for the inconvenience experienced . please return the item for a refund or a replacement . you can do so by using the following link which will assist you step by step : 
i have the delonghi ec155 and now have a collection of various sized tampers bought trying to find the right one ... . the 51mm vktech fits perfectly . i 'm guessing many delonghi 's use the same size filters as mine , but can not verify ... . ( note : even if it 's the wrong size , it would make a great paperweight ... . ) 
not easily . it 's one solid piece . 
i bought this temper for my delonghi expresso maker . it still has a 1-2mm slack when i press with it . it works great , i love it ! 
it really does not need washing . just wipe with towel . 
outside diameter . tamps 52 mm basket perfectly . 
yes . 
this particular piece , as we bought it , is 51 mm in diameter , which calculates out to 2.01 inches , or 2 inches . make something like a toothpick exactly 2.0 inches long and see how much clearance you will have . i am using it with a 52 mm basket and it works perfectly ( 2.05 inches ) . if it does not fit , you might have 48 mm ( 1.89 inches ) and will need to find a tamper of the right diameter . 
we really like this tamp . it 's very heavy and feels like it 's well made and will last forever . 
i have no idea . i have a la pavoni sp16 , and it fits it just fine ( 51mm ) . one thing about it : the tamper is heavy , solid polished stainless steel . it 's beautiful to look at and handle , but was shipped from china in a small plastic bag , with no packing material , whatsoever . i was astounded . it had several minor dings in it , but if it had been packed at all , it would not have had them . dumbest thing i have seen in a while . 
i dont receive not yet 
thanks for your question , i found the following care instructions on a suppliers page : machine wash cold , gentle cycle , and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low , remove promptly . do not iron . if there is no free movement in the washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial washer dryer . i hope this helps ! 
it is a very pale blue and only on the pillows , the blue is not on the white bedspread so you can interchange the pillows and give it a totally different look . i love it . 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . the comforter is white and the pillows are blue . thank you , krystal designer living customer service rep 1-888-879-8790 
the reverse side is white . i love that it does n't slide off the bed in the night . i am more than pleased with this comforter . it 's lightweight yet warm . 
amazon has the blue version 
hello - thank you for your order in designer living . i 'm sorry , but this comforter is not available in full size . thank you , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 
hello- thank you for your interest in designer living ! unfortunately , we do not have the valances available for this particular comforter set , madison park dawn . we do however , sell valances on our designer living site at www.designerliving.com . sincerely , helita designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 www.designerliving.com 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . please see care instructions below : machine wash cold , gentle cycle , and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low , remove promptly . do not iron . if there is no free movement in the washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial washer dryer . thank you , krystal designer living customer service rep 1-888-879-8790 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . we ship via ups and we would need a physical address . thank you , krystal designer living customer service rep 1-888-879-8790 
yes , it is greenish blue . i bought this couple months ago . source ( s ) : i bought this couple of months ago and i am not color blind : - ) 
i think it 's pretty close to the picture . i was n't surprised when i opened the package . 
the fabric has a soft sheen to it on the front side . it 's a very pretty , calming & cheerful color . 
not sure of the brand name that i have but they are a very soft sage blue and match well . actually did you see if madison park makes sheets , if so they may have a matching color . 
hi , pillows are spot clean the comforter and shams are machine wash-gentle and tumble dry on low , but i would take the comforter to a laundramat and use one of the bigger machines to give it room to move around . hope this helps , fyi i really like this set just the right weight and nice soft colors 
just received mine today and it says made in china 
yes it is ss . very high quality construction , as far as i can tell . 
yes , you can . i wipe my down with a damp dishrag and then dry it with a dish towel quite often as it sits out on my counter and gets splatters and dusty . it 's very easy to clean it up . i would never put it in a sink full of water though . 
no 
just one which i 've never used . i use the machine to make very thin lasagna sheets and ravioli . the cutter looks to be for a medium width pasta . maybe i 'll use it one of these days and see . 
from what i researched it does but you have to buy an attachment for it . i am thinking about getting it , but i just got the machine so first i have to see if i can actually make the pasta first . 
i do n't think so . 
not me . i would think your biggest problem is going to be in keeping the clay from sticking to the rollers . i use lots of flour to keep my dough moving through freely . if you can keep the clay from sticking , i do n't see why you could n't use it to roll clay . it 's pretty sturdy . 
only for cutting out small pieces . it is to small for covering the cake . 
yes , you can also adjust the thickness of the lasagna but you have the cut it yourself , there is no lasagna roller . 
the cutter is 4 1 2 '' long by 3 1 4 '' wide . 
yes , i do ! it is a really nice cookie cutter ! 
3 1 4 x 4 1 2 
about the size of a number two pencil 
it depends on how small the frog is..these bottles are very tiny . i would say there main use would be for sand , or glitter . 
it would probably only hold three or four m & ms if they for through the opening . maybe you 'd be more successful with the mini m & ms . but i suggest getting bottles a little larger than these . : ) 
the opening is the size of a # 2 pencil . no bigger no smaller ! 
it depends on how small they are . the opening is only a half inch wide . 
completely clear . 
we filled then about 3 4 full with water , pushed the corks in to the point where they might be difficult to remove without some tool , and shook them vigorously for several seconds , then observed for several minutes with no leaking . 
it depends on how big the stars are 
1 4 -1 2 oz 
no i had to buy those separately . 
they 're made of 100 % polyester , in china . 
12 inches tall and 10 inches wide . 
i believe 3 . 
it stands on its own . the surprising thing to me was the lightness of the cleaner itself . when you use it , though , when the handle is released , the weight of the shaft shifts similar to a heavier cleaner . i was pleasantly suprised with the powerful suction and cleaning . 
i 'd rate it higher -- i 'd give it 4.5 out of 5. if it had fancier attachments with a little more reach , it 'd give it a 5 out of 5 , but the attachments are not so important to me . i give it a 5 out of 5 for ease of emptying out the dust bin and ease of access to filter . i am also amazed at how well it picks up both on carpet and tile , especially for the price . and so easy to steer and get around . still very happy with it . 
do you mean the cleaning width ? 12 inches . the actual head is 12 3 8 inches wide . the rear wheels are 7 inches wide and the vacuum itself is only 6 inches wide . 
this vacuum does n't have any settings for like short medium or high carpet . one setting does all . i have shaggy carpet at my apartment and it seems to go a great job . i do n't hear loss suction or the brush being worked to hard because of the length of carpet . 
i have found the hose to be plenty long- to reach the corners of my ceiling with the attachment brushes and extension wand . not sure how the length compares to larger , heavier models , but for this lighter weight model i feel like the designers made the hose plenty long . i do n't want to haul around an extra long hose as i mainly use the vac for carpets 98 % of the time i do n't use the hose . 
it has a lot of power and the feature to turn off the brush is great for sacking up the dirt on tile and wood floors . 
i have no shag but i do have sculpted carpet and plush and it does very well on those . i hope this was of some help . 
really worked good on both hardwood and carpet . 
just a small one , serves dual purpose with brush and skinny nozzle but does have a long cord . 
there is no height adjustment ... one of only a few drawbacks to this unit . it has powerful suction so when i do area rugs i have to hold down the lighter weight rugs with my foot , or just carefully move the vacuum . 
the 2 top sections are 200ml each . the bottom section is 750 ml . 
the divider would be the piece that has the slots to hold the fork , knife and spoon on it . it goes on top of the large single compartment piece and the smaller piece with two separated compartment sits on top of the divider and the lid goes on top of that . hope that helps . 
yes . 
it does keep your food warm for a good hour or two depending on how hot the food is when you put it in the bentgo . but i have found that if you put the bentgo in an insulated bag , it stays warm for 4 hours . 
it does not hold liquids . a thick stew would probably be ok , but soup would leak out . i 've asked bento to design one with a better seal . 
yes , you can just use the bottom or top alone , and use the belt the long way ( which fits nicely ) . i sometimes use the bottom only , and the belt secures it tightly . 
the bottom container is 2 inches deep . the usable space inside is just under 7 inches long by just over 4 inches wide . the top 2 section compartment is 1 inch deep and the compartments are about 3 inches by 4 inches . i hope this helps . 
i find it very easy to clean either by hand with a good dish soap or in the dishwasher . some parts are top rack only , but that 's not a problem : ) 
i have not had spaghetti in my bentgo yet . it has had fish and tomatoes and oil and so far no stains . it really is an awesome product . 
i have not had this problem . although it says that it is dishwasher safe i hand wash mine just to be on the safe side . not sure if that helps at all . i would contact the company though . 
i 'm not sure but it clearly states in the description that it is not . '' bentgo is not leak proof . it does seal very well , but to be safe when packing dressing , fruit and other liquids , be sure to keep the bentgo upright during transport . '' 
the pack-it freezable bags dimentions are 10 '' h x 8 '' w x 4 '' d this bento might fit if you put it in sideways . 
yes the strap is quite loose . however please note that these containers do not seal like rubbermaid . the lids do n't fit tightly at all . it is fine for some uses , just so you know ahead of tome . i had to purchase another brand because i need a definite seal . 
it is 7 '' x5 '' , and when it is all stacked together it is 4 '' tall . 
it is not insulated , so if you were to put a casserole or something like that in the morning , it would be room temp . we did get the insulated bag as well , which does help , but it essentially doubles in size then and the compact design goes away then . for a salad or something basically refrigerated , it does keep it cold enough for lunch at school . 
my lid etc fit fine after washing in dishwasher . 
yes . 
no 
based on the measurements you have provided , i would say no . in order to keep the food fresh , it needs to be banded . these bentgo boxes fit wonderfully in their own insulated bag available from bentgo and they also fit nicely in the insulated 31 lunch bag . 
small salad on the bottom compartment or a sandwich . the top some cut fruit or snacks . 
the bento box was n't designed to keep liquids , it has never leak on me but that 's only if you keep it standing up . the seal comes off very easily . sooo i would say no . the seal is not very good . 
the bottom is approximately 7 '' by 4 1 2 '' and the top is divided into two 3 1 2 '' by 4 1 2 '' sections 
it can hold in the bottom compartment three slices of standard loaf bread , or one `` average '' sandwich . i usually make mine on a single piece of bread folded in half , then i can have `` four '' little sandwiches . 
yes 
i did n't use mine yet . thx 
it 's not designed to keep food warm . it keeps it warm for about half-hour . 
it honestly depends on your backpack . the band is very strong and does not let it move around at all . i put mine in my backpack if that is the only thing i need and i 've never had a problem . 
there are two boxes , the smaller one with concave top is 7 1 8 '' long , 2 3 4 '' high , and 4 1 2 '' wide . the larger of the two with recessed top is 2 1 4 '' high , 7 1 8 '' long , and 4 1 2 '' wide . both boxes stacked together are 4 1 8 '' tall . 
yes 
mine says it was made in china . 
from the amazon website : product dimensions : 7 x 4.2 x 4.5 inches ; 12 ounces 
only if you keep it upright , it is far from watertight . 
no , unfortunately - this should n't be used for liquid foods . 
hi it is on the bright side but it is beautiful . do n't hold off because of the color . it is a great buy 
it 'll fit in the bottom compartment sliced . the top two are better for something like baby carrots or almonds 
i have had no issues microwaving in it , per their website : it is microwavable , dishwasher safe , & bpa-free . 
all plastics should be washed on the top shelf in a dishwasher to prevent from warping and these are no exception . i have n't had any warping with mine , and i heat it in the microwave and clean them in the dishwasher . 
not long . the box is made out of a relatively thick , but single wall of plastic . so its durable but has no insulation . 
personally i never microwave any thing plastic - bpa is only one of many chemicals . you are far better off heating something up in glass ceramic . i will only use this for cold lunches . for hot lunches i have a stainless steel soup container from ll bean or i use a glass pyrex storage container . 
they are solid 
no gray , it is all taupe . 
it'sjust a regular cotton comforter the design you see is part of the material , not embroided on.yes it is comfortable but do n't expect it to look like the picture , it looks nothing like the picture 
i bought this about six months ago or so ( king size ) , and the pillow shams and top blanket coverlet is totally washable . i 've washed mine a few times in my he washer and dried it in my gas dryer . i do n't have a clothes line to put it on , but it dries nicely in the dryer . 
search this number to get it in queen size b00f6rg0l0 
hi , no it is not quilted and the pale blue colour on the pic is actually more on the turqoise shade . regards , elina 
i have a little taller queen bed and it worked perfectly to get a king size . shams were the same size . 
doubt it as a seller and a buyer shipping prices are set for in usa cost not overseas cost i have gone the extra mile and shipped to the us virgin islands but overseas just cost to much so we do not have enough profit margin to eat that cost sorry 
i have had this set for over 6 months and it has been holding up great ! our crazy pup sneaks in and lays on it during the day and she prefers to join us at bedtime too . therefore , i would say that it gets a lot of use and i have not seen one pill on it . i wash it regularly ( bc of the dog ) and its been maintaining its color too . it 's a bit lighter , but nothing that i would consider agitating . i am really glad i purchased this set for our warmer weather bedding . 
yes ! and ginny it washes up beautifully . it is micro fiber so it washes very well and releases soils like most micro fiber does . i share my bed with a dog , and so i have to wash is quite frequently . it can be washed in a normal size washer , but drying it took a little longer . 
the outside is polyester . the inside filling is a cotten mix . i read it from the tag . 
a california king is longer and not as wide as a king so width wise you should be fine . length wise , it would be short but i think it looks better to fold the top down anyway to reveal the green underside and break the pattern up a bit so then the length would n't matter . ; ) hope this helps . 
hmmm ... i have a king size bed and the king size hits just where my bed skirt starts . 
a coverlet is like a thin quilt basically . not a normal stuffed comforter 
yes , it is machine washable ... . 
no the pile has been very full and fluffy . i was very pleasantly surprised and happy with these rugs . 
a light sage green . best rugs ! so thick & soft . we loved the green ones so much we bought the baby blue ones too ! 
the rugs are really thick and plush . i would be worried about spilling something on it and not being able to just wipe up . it is machine washable , but they take awhile to `` line dry '' , as recommended . i really love them in my bathroom . : } 
yes 
no , the termal sticker does not like the dishwasher . however , it does the microwave just fine . 
yes , it came in a box . 
i seem to recall a small made in china sticker but i could be wrong . it really is a well made product , not the shlocky kind that china usually makes . 
this is a standard size mug . it will hold at least 8 ounces ( 1 cup ) of liquid or more . i gave it to my daughter-in-law , and she and my son are trying to be the first to use it each morning . it was a great buy . 
yes , according to the unemployed philosopher 's guild website description , this mug is both dishwasher and microwave safe . i have several mugs from this company and we have out all of them in the microwave and dishwasher and so far they are all fine . it would be nice if that was printed on the mug itself somewhere . 
i haven ' measured , but it holds the same amount as a 12 oz . mug i have . 
no , they wrap around the mug completely . there are also two words on the inside bottom , which was a cool surprise . 
the instructions that come with it advise against using a dishwasher 
on the waterfront , gone with the wind , the wizard of oz , the godfather , the shining , taxi driver , now voyager , magnum force , casablanca , soylent green , star wars , and many more . 
it fits 350 ml which is the same as 11.8 ounces which would be 3 expresso size cup . it 's just right for my 12 ounce coffee cups and there 's room for a little milk . 
yes . 
2.66 '' ( 67.6mm ) dia . 5.25 '' ( 133mm ) tall the previous answer must have been for a larger size , not the 350ml one . 
i 'm not sure , but the replacement costs approx $ 10 and the whole french press costs approx $ 15- $ 17 , so you could either just buy the replacement and if it did n't work you could buy the whole unit and have an extra replacement . i also think the sizes are rather similar between brands . hope this helps ... 
yes . and i think it stays on the warm setting for 8 hours . 
4 1 2 `` deep , in my opinion , very deep , love the cooker 
oval 
automatically ... no . you would have to switch it to low manually . the `` cook time '' setting will only work on either `` high '' or `` low '' , and then switch to `` keep warm '' . 
yes it is 120v or 340 watt however you 'd like it translated . 
14 hours . cook time plus warm can not exceed 14 hours . 
i do n't think the lid is supposed to be airtight . mine has a small amount of unlevel , but it works perfectly fine . my experience in all my glass lid ( metal edged ) lids on crock pots is that once the moisture rises to the lid and flows to the lid edge a sort of water-seal forms with the shoulder of the crock and there is no unacceptable moisture loss . 
no it does not . best wishes 
no . it does not have a lid holder . 
not at all . this whole unit is junk , it barely even chills the water . i trashed mine a while back . 
yes maam , its the standard size , but its not worth buying ! ! we had nothing but trouble out of it from the moment we got it home ! ! we have had to work on it 3 times and at this time , it still does n't cool the water ! ! i would strongly recommend buying another brand ! ! 
mine did not work either . i contacted them and they said that they would send me a return label but could not find my email address after they sent me the answer . i will never buy from them again good luck 
1.5 m 
im sorry to say but you have wasted your money . return it now . i had mine and it was one problem after another one . the reason why water splashed out is because it is not built right . 
the product did not work from the beginning i was very unhappy with it that 's why i returned it 
well i asked to replace with another one but they just credited my money back , and i paid shipping to send it back . they did n't pay me back , i 'm unsatisfied 
as far as i rember , it does have a switch for the heated water , i can only assume it has the same for the cold water . the unit works fine for us . it is very light duty , but it does work . if you are going to have more than four or five people use it at a time , you may want a bigger unit . 
probably about 3 1 3 ' 
it punctures the cap 
no 
yes , its a great piece for the 60 even more so if its a flat screen , buy it 
11x24 inches 
no 
no swivel . the frame is anchored to the wall and the set is hung on to the frame . the hanger can be moved left - right . 
i just today ( 9 23 2014 ) received 2 of these rubbermaid white ice cube trays . there is no symbol on them that says `` bpa free '' . also , on the packaging it says copywrite 2007 ( i 'm not sure what that means ) . so i called rubbermaid . they said that starting in 2008 , all rubbermaid products were bpa-free and that these products would say `` bpa free '' in that little triangle symbol . i asked the rubbermaid customer service person , `` so if these do not have that `` bpa free '' on the bottom should i assume that they are not bpa-free . she said `` yes '' . based on that i 'm concluding these trays are not bpa-free , and were manufactured prior to 2008. if i am wrong someone please clarify . kind of bugs me amazon is selling something so old ( again , if i am wrong let 's clarify ) - and that i am just going to throw these away . 
yes , but there is a space and another 8 
it made in usa . 
yes they stack 
after looking at one of my ice trays with a magnifying glass i found `` made in the u.s.a '' . hope that helps . 
just measured two trays , one on top of the other , and the total height is 3 inches . 
absolutely odor free , bpa free , sturdy . we really like them . they 're much better than the ice cube tray we already had . 
yes , they are stackable . 
yes they are . 
yes 
just let it melt at room tempreture for 20 or 30 minutes , squeeze the mold back together sealing properly and re-freeze . the melted water fills the cracks and it comes out smooth without cracks . use distilled water for best results . 
i rinsed mine out with cold water before using but i do n't wash them ever . i just take the frozen balls out and add new water and re freeze . i do n't have any problems with mine . do n't wash with soap or hot water . do n't wash at all 
2.5 inches 
they work well for bath bombs . 
yes , they do have a flat bottom . : - ) 
um ... they are made in china , not the usa ! 
old fashioned liquor drinks . 
love this mattress great purchase 
yes 
yes , i believe you can use it on a bunk bed . my grand daughter has hers on a raised bed with a desk underneath , which is very much like a bunk bed . 
accoding to the slumber mfg , the sizes mattress and coil count are as follows : twin =435 full = 609 queen = 690 king = 870 hope this helps . 
yes i use mine without a box spring it is a great mattress 
we sure love it ! if you are looking for something firm.. this is the way to go . 
i believe it 's 150-160 pounds , though i knew someone around 200 pounds who had no trouble with it . hope that helps : ) 
hello ! the size is 62 '' long and about 40 '' wide . - inhouse 
yes it can 
i 've always gotten a starter pack of . 10 or so capsules with every machine , but you 'd do well to order a real supply of capsules from nespresso.com after you order th machine ... . 
it does not . but the machine works great ! 
no . 
no . the largest coffee you can brew from this machine is a longo which is equivalent of 2 -3 expresso 's . 
the cosi is nice . 
the citiz model i own only says it is rated for 110vac on the rating label and it has a us 110vac plug . no mention of 220vac . you may want to ask the factory directly for a 220vac model . we like ours very much . 
no 
no , original nespresso pods are not reusable . 
basically , yes you can make an americano . the machine has two buttons depending on the capsule you put in : one for ristretto ( short shot ) and lungo ( long shot ) . you could run a ristretto and then without a capsule in the machine , run a lungo for the hot water you wish to top it off with to achieve an americano . personally , i feel some of the lungo shots are close to the concentration of an americano as they are straight out of the machine . hope that helps . 
we have only used the nespresso pods so i can not answer it . 
my friend in shanghai has one . it should work for 110 and 220 . 
it came with a sampler pack . do n't recall how many since i went through them rather quick 
yes , it does come in other colors . see their website . 
yes you can ! just make sure you do n't fill the frother pass the max line or it will spill . 
hi , no idea ! . we are not really a hot chocolate fans . sorry ! but is an excellent coffee machine . i am even thinking on buying one for my office . good luck 
neilson , you need to use a converter to downgrade your 250v to 110-120v . make sure you buy a decent one so that output is constant ; otherwise , you can damage the unit . 
have never tried anything but nespresso 
yes , one whips the milk into more foam than the other . 
the temperature is fine for me , it 's a drinkable temperature , but it 's no where near as hot as the milk you get in a starbucks latte . some have complained to me about the milk not being hot enough . i believe a newer nespresso machine has adjustable temperature for even hotter milk . 
all the nespresso frothers are the same that i have seen.. they work well and provide froth for at least two cups 
110-120vac 
it comes with a sampler of 10 different coffee chips 
this nespresso machine is not bi-volt . it is 110 v. there isnt a nespresso machine bi-volt unfortunatelly . we searched about that already ! we had the same nespresso machine 220v , but we brought from europe . as we moved to north america we had to buy a new machine 110v . 
it looks like c120 machines on amazon are all used . and 121 is a new sold by nespresso . it 's cheaper on their website 
the aeroccino is a separate piece that sits on the stand and powered by the stand , it is activated separately from the brewer , there are 2 frother heads that are included , one for high froth and one for low . there is storage in the stand for the heads when not in use . the aeroccino is a great milk frother , it produces hot or cold frothed milk all in about a minute . it is easy to use and clean , the milk is hot coming from the unit not lukewarm . if purchased separately it is $ 99 . i do not think you will be disappointed with the nespresso machines , they are by far the best pod system out there and i have owned them all . 
it can makes the milk hot especially if it 's pressed twice 
i gave up on mine and threw it away . 
i clean it immediately afterwards as i do n't have leftover . i adjust the amount of milk as needed to prevent leftovers . the inside is non stick so i guess you can heat and froth it and use it to store the leftover 
thank you for your inquiry . i apologize we do not provide the international shipping service to china . thank you , sur la table , customer service 
yep , and in fact , when i got this coffee machine , soy milk was the only milk i had in my fridge . the milk was foamy enough to make a good cappuccino . hope this helped . 
i would assume so . at higher altitudes i would go for 6 holes just in case . make sure you make the holes large enough for feeding . 
this will do but if storing your buds i would highly recommend an amber glass jar . the amber color prevents any sun damage to your buds . 
the dates on these jars correspond with ball 's original introduction of the `` perfect mason '' and `` perfection '' line in 1913 through 1915. these jars are to commemorate the 100th anniversary of those 2-1 2 short years when the perfect mason and perfection mason jars were produced by ball . 
yes , delville , in . yahoo ! 
each jar measures 5.25 '' tall ( with the lid in place ) and 3 '' wide . the jars have a regular mouth . 
packard j. they are pint size ( 16 oz ) with regular mouth . 
yes , definitely.. any canning jar would work . especially if you have a food saver vacuum sealer with jar sealing accessory for longer term storage . i use canning jars to store dry goods all the time ... .like macaroni , home grown herbs , dehydrated fruits and vegi 's ... 
no they are not as the picture shows at all ( i was hoping for a pale tiffany bluish color ) . they are a bright aquaish color , much darker thank i 'd hoped . i ca n't recall if they had the name on both sides and i already shipped them back . hope that helps . img_4142.png 
yes , it is the standard two piece lid , ring and lid . 
i just happen to have the daisy lids and tried one and sure enough they do fit and are as cute as can be . : ) 
cups of any sort are legal in all 50 states . putting alcohol in any cup and drinking while driving is illegal in all 50 states . 
correct it is one piece . 
yes 
no , they are hand wash only . 
i 'm figuring 6-8 oz . feels like you can have a decent size glass of wine in it . 
yes ! 
when i purchased them , they were two in a package . 
we actually are going to start personalize them..but it will not be until next week . i can let you know . thanks dessa 
do n't we wish : - ) but they do keep the wine inside if you have an unsteady hand ! 
they are clear , so completely see through 
hi sam . i 'm not sure i gave this as a gift but i think the chair is about 4x3 , its big enough to fit two kids or one adult comfortably . i do know it can withstand a 10 year old jumping on it ... 
it will probably overwhelm the space . it 's a cute product but we bought ours for a kids bedroom and ended up not using it because it was too big . ca n't return it because my child tore the box apart and spouse recycled the box . good luck ! 
we had a foot pump and it was a nightmare ! we bought 2 chairs and pumping them both up plus the ottoman was an extreme amount of work . the hole is the standard size you would find on a blow up pool . it 's larger . you can fit the house on it but you have to place it strategically and hold it there . it can be done but i would n't recommend it . 
about 150lbs but its waste of money ... . its not comfortable at all and mine got ruined in 2 mnths 
really do n't know ! ! ! ! 
if you have enough space for a regular sized recliner then this will fit 
do n't make your own hole ! there is a hole , just look closer for it . if you ca n't find it , yours might be defective . 
it is very comfortable and supportive with its high back . 
yes ! 
no . neither does the throttle . 
hi rodney my friend assembled the seat for me . all that i know is that its a little backwards . i think the parts are reversed if i remember correctly . i can give you a better answer tomorrow when my friend is here . it does go together but yes recall there was a trick to it . id you send me an an email address i can also send you a pic of underneath my seat so you can see the setup . bill 
i have 3 24 inch monitors on the stand.so that is for full surround look . one middle and two sides . hope this helps 
do n't expect this to pick up anything heavier than the hair . it 's a weak suction at best . it 's good for my six year old to vacuum the furniture and feel like he 's helping . the exhaust blows downward and more often it blows the dirt away before it sucks it up making a bigger mess . 
i googled this and found a manual at home depot ( on line ) which says `` * use the charger only in a standard electrical outlet ( 120v 60hz ) '' does that help ? 
yes . it picks up any small things with ease . i use it around the house , couch , carpet , kitchen all day . 
yes-i bought my grandson one-he is obsessed with the regular vacuum and thought this would satisfy his obsession ( he is 20 mos ) its does a good job pitching up small items like cheers and crunched up chips , pretzels , leaves and small bits that come into the house on the bottom of shoes-the reservoir is small so i end up empying everyday which is super easy and fast 
no it did n't come with any , and not sure if you 'd be able to put one on if you had it . 
per the mfg this is ni-cad battery 
i do n't think they can crawl out . i tried with ant and it does n't come out . 
there is probably not much difference but the sound is a little more harsh than that of an upright vacuum . 
like all vacuums , it depends on what you are picking up- small leaves & general dirt are fine , but anything larger or heavier , not so consistent results . does not do much to remove pet hair ! ! i love it for kitchen crumbs & some of those hardto reach places in the house , but results for car debris are mixed 
well , i have had it for two months now ; and , so far so good ! it picks up hair and dust quite well , and i would say that , so far at least , it appears to be just as good if not better than the model that i had which lasted me about fifteen years . 
the inside is all wood and there are two shelves which are adjustable- the materials used are questionable but functionable . workmanship is ok. i would give a 6 out of 10- 
i had to special order my cabinet as a flush mount rather than a recessed mount because i had a vent pipe behind the dry wall , between the studs over the sink , so i did n't have the space for a recessed mount . i have about a 3 1 2 '' exposure . to answer your question , the side view of the cabinet shows that the recessed mount leaves about an inch of reveal to nicely expose the crown moulding and side moulding . i see there is a substantial price increase from when i bought my cabinet last spring . i thought it was a real nice cabinet for what i paid . bob r . 
yes 
$ 62.00 thanks . 
hi , the recessed box is 14 '' w x 24 '' h x 4 '' d 
the exterior dimensions are : 27 and 1 4 '' tall by 17 and 1 4 '' wide . the interior dimensions of the cabinet are : 22 and 1 8 '' tall by 12 and 1 8 '' wide . i have it in a very traditional cottage bathroom , and it looks great . 
you will have to ask the seller . other sellers do allow that . 
yes , it works great 
i use them on the hard clear plastic hangers . i hook one end in the lingerie slot on top and pull to hook on the end . i do not think they would work on the plastic triangle ones because they need an end to hook onto . i do n't think they will stretch enough to hold on the rounded slick end of the triangle ones . they work great on the hard clear plastic hangers ! 
if you need the exact shipping rate for the hanger grips , you can try to place an order to check the rate . thanks . 
thanks & # 55357 ; : : 
hi , thanks for your interests . our shipping is a little bit expensive , because the box is heavy and cost much to ship . and we sell the grips very cheap to balance the total expense . if you choose us , we will appreate it . thanks . 
yep ; it 'll stay on until you unplug it . 
your best bet is to heat the boyfriend as he is going to bed , then open the windows and remove the unit from the room along with all but one blanket of medium thickness . refuse to return the heater in the morning until he agrees to behave . make sure he drinks lots of water before falling asleep to maximize effectiveness . more advanced usage instructions can be found here : http : www.smbc-comics.com ? id=3181 # comic 
yes , i can hear it through my bathroom door . 
no 
not yet . 
the color is gray 
it does . it turns off once it reaches the seting u have it on . then it comes back on when it cools down again . perhaps u have a bad thermostat . 
yes 
yes 
this works as a fan only in addition to a fan with heat . 
8 1 4 inches long by 1 5 16 inches wide . i bought this to replace the original roller in my fuller brush sweeper that i have had for over 25 years . it snapped right in and i have a sweeper now that was as good as when it was new . 
push in the little plastic piece on the side with a screwdriver or butter knife . .its gon na be semi hard to get off..then put in one end of the new one and pop it in like youd do a roll of toliet paper..theres a square plastic piece that holds the knob on the brush , all you have to do is pull it apart 
they last a long time . i ca n't tell you how long i had the first one but i know it was at least five or more years . 
hi elizabeth , i am sorry i am unable to answer that question . i just ordered a new brush forn one of my older clients because they definitely needed a new one . the new one work great . sincerely , barbara w . 
about 9 inches of brush , it fits into the device . 
7 1 2 x 11 1 2 by 2 1 2 tall . they are standard cedar trays . nice quality and work great . i now have 12 of them and no problems . hope that helps you . 
it is 1 4 '' thick . 
1 2 inch larger than stated 
12.5. x . 7.5. x . 2 1 8. fit perfect in avanti 16 bottle wine cooler . each tray holds 40 smokes easy and i have had up to 180. they are nice trays . hope that helps 
what are the dimensions of the tray ? 
it really turned out to be 8 1 2 x 12 - too big to fit properly , and i had to return this one . 
inner dimensions are 12 '' x7 '' x2 '' 
not required but , after having problems with three previous steam mops , i recommend it . . . especially if your tap water has a high mineral content ( hard water ) . 
i 'm not sure if i understand what you 're asking but , here goes . it plugs into a normal ( usa ) 110 electric outlet and on the back of the unit it says `` 1500w 120v ac '' hope that helps . 
depending how dirty the floor is each time 
i had this problem as well , make sure the water tank is placed correctly . my tank was n't pushed all the way down . i hope this solves your issue as well . 
i used on hard wood floor , and it works great ! 
you can use it anywhere you can use a cloth pad with steam . as far a removing stains , it is just a cloth pad with steam . if steam will remove a stain , then it will work . by the way - in general this unit puts out too much steam even at the lowest setting and it is not possible to reduce the amount of steam further . ( too much steam because the pad gets soaked thru very quickly ) . i would look for a steam mop with a trigger to release steam . i had one like this before the handle broke and it worked much better than the b & d . 
yes 2 pads are included with steamer 
yes . it works wonderfully ! 
yes , it has a setting for laminate . just be careful using it - laminate flooring can buckle and become damaged from prolonged exposure to water or steam . 
yes 
no 
sorry i could n't find a sticker or marker with info , i did n't keep the box and the booklet is in a safe place for me to find ... ... .i could n't find it , sorry i tried . it 's slow and you have to hold in the spot your steaming for longer than usual , tile floors 
it 's for ceramic tiles , vinyl floors , hardwood floors , stone and marble floors . 
ca n't say for sure but , it usually takes that long for the steam to evaporate so , i would think so.. 
thank you for contacting cpo ! the black & decker bdh1760sm smartselect steam mop with handle command is not available in 220v if we can be of further assistance , please do not hesitate to contact us . sincerely , cpo customer care 800-714-0918 www.cpooutlets.com 
yep ! i used the detachable handheld part to clean my tub ! 
i had a different model b & d steam cleaner before . it did n't last 2 years , but they did honor the 2 year guarantee . they told me this one has a different steam mechanism . 
25 feet long 
the one i purchased is 110v . you need to specifications while purchasing . in case you receive other voltage you need to buy stepdown or stepup transformer off 2500watts . product specification is 1500watts but need 2500. else transformer will go bad . 
i 've only used it on hardwood and ceramic tile . however , a carpet glide is included in the accessory package that is used for `` carpet refreshing . '' 
this version is the model that comes with a detachable handheld steamer ( bdh1850sm ) . what you are referring to is the model below this one which is bdh1760sm . bdh1760sm comes with what is called a lift and reach feature which is the triangular head you are referring to and does not come with the handheld steamer like in this current 2in1 model ( bdh1850sm ) on this page . 
i have never used it for this . i think you can steam to maybe freshen furniture , but not like stain removal . i love it for windows though ! hope this helps . i really like mine . 
it 's not hard to push , but that could be subjective . if you vacum , this will be much much easier . 
voltage is for 120 
it works really well . the only complaint i would have is that the grout brush only lasted 1 cleaning . i will have to order another , or use the steam attachment and buy a nylon brush along with steam . 
it 's labeled 120 only . 
yes . we use steamer in oven ; we do n't use the scrubb brushes in our oven . also been great on charcoal and gas grills . 
uhh , yeah , it would probably would . that sounds like a really gross job but this this steamer has removed calcified raspberry juice off of cabinet doors ( along with the paint ) . i ca n't imagine parrot poop being that much tougher a job . 
there is no fine tubing that you can insert into the nozzle , as you would with a can of wd40 however , if you look at the series of pictures vertically listed on the left hand side of your screen , you will see that the second picture up from the bottom may do the job . 
no , you have to hold the trigger the whole time . 
no 
i do n't know but internet research showed that temperature and exposure time are keys to killing bed bugs and their eggs . the bugs will die if exposed to 113f for 90 minutes and at 118f for 20 minutes . eggs will die at 118f for 90 minutes . another amazon answer said the steam from this unit is around 212f . so it looks like the heat is hot enough , but you would have to hold the steam button down the entire time . hope this helps . 
yes . but it takes a long time . 
i would say no . it is more for cleaning . you need to search for a clothing steamer . 
steam has a temperature of 212f ( 100c ) at sea level and normal atmospheric pressure . since this steam is not pressurized or contained ( it is escaping from the nozzle ) this will be the temperature . however , steam has more heat energy , since it takes another 540 cal gc to change the water to steam . this is why it hurts more to burn yourself on steam more than water . 
the steam from the bottom pot is trapped and keeps the top warm . of course , you can not pour in cold water in the top pot and expect it to boil , but it does maintain the temperature as long as the bottom is warm . 
you can buy the glass top separately , but it is a different brand . it called `` bodum '' and also uniware pyrex heat resistant glass kettle tea pot 800ml , you can find them here at amazon . i hope this help ! 
yes , that 's correct 
the tea strainer in both the glass pot and the stainless steel pot is made of stainless steel . : ) 
the filter is made of steel . no plastic in contact with hot water ! i am still satisfied with this product . 
i do n't recall , could be made in china , however its pretty decent tea maker , i am happy with it after 6 months of usage , i have seen many different types brands from turkey , this would be the best you can ever buy in u.s. imo 
it actually keeps it at simmer state continuously so the water is pretty much at boiling state without going too crazy . 
hi michelle , sears also sells golda . go to this link and search : http : www.searspartsdirect.com ? sid=ps : google : search_nonbrand_broad-parts : parts : parts & gclid=ckovuzpov8ucfckiaqodm4qaqa if not , then go to craigslist and put in a request . you never know may be someone has a lid from the old samavar and does n't need it . good luck . rr 
my kettle used to work with 110 v. you need a kettle would work with 220 v. i think they should give a right kettle to you based on europe standard . 
of course it is . the only plastic you see is the lid on top which does not touch the water . enjoy as we have . namaste ' 
im sure that you can find a matching bedskirt somewhere else , but i bought it in full size and it reaches about to the ground on all sides . 
it does ... ... ... .two decorative full size pillow cases and one decorative small pillow with white background and teal embroidery on it . i believe the front has a bird ... .very lovely . 
this picture is a bit deceptive in that regard . i use a white complementary dust ruffle . otherwise , it is a bit short alone for my taste . hope this helps . 
not sure what `` tumblr '' means ? but i think it would look very nice with some age appropriate dcor pillows ? ? 
fancy looking pillow cases ( the two blue pillow cases in the picture ) 
it 's warm but not the warmest . the warmness comes from the thickness and definitely not from the material . i would n't use it as extensive warmth in the canadian winter by itself ! lol 
it is pretty true to the picture shown . i think tiffany blue has a slightly greener hue to it to be honest , but it does match the picture if you think that color is close enough . 
it 's a little lighter than the tiffany blue . 
no its like a light blue . is very pretty to just not quite the color in the picture . 
the comforter is not heavy at all . it has an airy feel to it but still heavy enough to work through the winter 
i recently purchased a second set of this cookware . i gave one away as a gift . i use this on my boat and it is excellent cookware . we own an expensive set of lifetime cookware which is manufactured by west bend , and it is their high-end cookware . the magma cookware set is every bit as good as our high-end cookware set . i was honestly very impressed with the quality and did not expect such for the price . this is a true value and that is why we are buying more sets to give to our kids . it does not come with any glass lids . it only comes with two - one for the skillet and one universal lid that fits all of the saucepans . it also only comes with two handles . they latch into place on the pots and are very secure . i would recommend purchasing an additional handle , because we often times use the skillet along with two pots at one time . the cookware nestles together for convenient storage and takes up very little space . very well thought out design . i would also recommend purchasing the colander , which also is designed to fit into the nestled set . it is handy for straining and for steaming . again , i can not say enough on how good this product is . hope this helps and answers your questions . 
no . the lids are a light weight stainless steel . one is large for the biggest pot . the other is a one size fits all the rest of the pots . only 2 lids total . i really have n't used the lids but the pots have been great . 
i am sorry to say that my pans are kept in my rv and i do not have them here to measure . the product description states : 7-piece set includes : 5 qt . stock pot , 10 in . diameter saut frying pan , 2 qt . sauce pan , a lid that fits all saucepans , a lid for saut frying pan stock pot , ( 1 ) removable handle and a convenient `` bungee '' storage cord . 10-piece sets include all of the same items with an additional : 3 qt . sauce pan , 1 qt . sauce pan and removable handle . you will note that the largest is 10 '' in diameter . i will say that we are delighted with this set and it works perfectly with our induction stove . 
7-piece set includes : 5 qt . stock pot , 10 in . diameter saut frying pan , 2 qt . sauce pan , a lid that fits all saucepans , a lid for saut frying pan stock pot , ( 1 ) removable handle and a convenient `` bungee '' storage cord . 10-piece sets include all of the same items with an additional : 3 qt . sauce pan , 1 qt . sauce pan and removable handle . 
yes , we have had no issues , love then 
if you are talking about the 2 items sitting side-by-side at the bottom of the set , they are the 2 universal detachable handles . removing them ( by pushing the red tab on top ) it allows the entire set to nest . 
no they are not . i have been using the pots on a boat with alcohol stove but also intend to use my induction plate but never got around to doing it . open flame was fine . 
yes , each of the parts is available individually at the magma web site , http : www.magmaproducts.com . there is also a colander steamer available that fits into the nested set and works quite well . 
approximately 7-3 8 '' . 
yes . the handles detach and the pots are stainless steel . 
the drill bit is included also . 
a single post is 98 mm long plate-to-plate and 112 mm total length ( end to end including the screw ) . it 's about 4 mm wide at the narrowest part of the post . a few things to consider ... the pieces are cast , not machined , so the screw threads do n't fit well , and when screwed together it might not be totally straight , or completely tight . we bought additional rubber washers to tighten the sections down better . also , the screw on the bottom sticks out a bit , so unless the dishes you use have a significant foot , there will be even more wobble . because of the wobble factor , we did n't feel comfortable going three high with stoneware due to the weight , but two levels ( a 12-in dinner plate and a 9-inch salad plate ) worked really well . we were able to do three tiers with melamine plates since they are lighter , but the stand is somewhat prone to tipping . we bought little rubber stick on feet to help even out the bottom . you will need a 1 4 inch diamond drill bit to do stoneware or china ( we bought the dewalt here on amazon ) . we were able to drill melamine plates with a regular wood drill bit , but it dulled quickly . overall , it 's fairly cheap hardware ( not great quality control , chromed pot metal ) but the price is low , and it looks nice assembled . if you 're using fine china and trying to get something that looks expensive , though , you might want to consider a different product . 
i had it for about 3 months and have no complaint to this moment , still looking pretty good shinny and no scratches i 'm happy with it . 
yes , but very flimsy . i used clear glass plates that i bought at costplus and it holds them ... but it is not stable . 
sorry i do n't think drill bit is included ... ... or needed . 
we took some old plates and drilled a hole in the center . 
you could go through your own plates or go to a thrift store~ however~ they do need to be drilled in the center in order for this to work 
i bought these thinking i could use some vintage plates i had . the problem with that idea is to drill a hole in the plates is very hard , almost impossible without the right type of drill . i ended up looking for a tiered cake set that also included the plates . 
hi joya . no , just the hardware . i 'm going to use some of the beautiful the plates i 've collected over the years . i find them at thrift stores and consignment shops . 
hi jean - we used old china from a local thrift store ! ! you need a special drill bit and we had a lot of different plates break - once we got in the rhythm they came out great ! ! 
sorry , i did n't use it yet . 
mine only keeps it warm on the warm setting 
yes 
no sire . i use this machine nearly weekly and never saw a rubber ring . everything seems to cook and come out just fine without a rubber ring . 
24 inches long 
stoneware 
no 
it does get hot enough that you would n't want to leave your hand on it , but i do n't think it would burn you . 
i have n't had my slow cooker long , but i do not believe you can use it without the timer . 
yes , it does . 
unlike the tardis on the show doctor who , this one will have the same dimensions on the inside as on the outside . 
there is a website that works with bbc and sells full sized tardises made of wood . it is cheaper to make it yourself . the tardises are a bit expensive ( $ 3,000+ ) . www.thisplanetearth.co.uk 
no . it 's actually 2d . the graphics are 3d . still makes for a fun photo shoot . 
unfortunately not at this time . 
the outside dimensions for the tardis are : each side 55 '' wide and 108 '' tall . that would be 4 ft 7 inches for each side , and 9 feet tall . 
no , there is nothing inside this item . thank you - toynk 
as you can see by other sellers of this item , this is the cost of the item currently on the market . we have not had any of our customers complain about this item . toynk 
i have the nesco fd-1040 and purchased nesco tr-2 add-a-tray and nesco sld-2-6 fruit rollup trays on amazon . they look and fit like the ones delivered with the unit . i went to the nesco web site to purchase the herb drying screens and to verify the fit of trays i bought on amazon . 
according to the nesco website , any plastics that will touch food are bpa free . that 's all i know . 
the trays from my older model do fit the nesco fd-1040 , however the trays for the new model have also been redesigned and the airflow may be different through the new trays . so , how well they work-i do not know-are they interchangeable just because they fit , i do not know . 
yes . both products use same size trays and accessories . only difference is the snackmaster is 500 watts and gardenmaster is 1000 watts . otherwise , size and design and color is similar or same on some of the parts . but , figuratively speaking , nesco gardenmaster can handle more trays of food to dehydrate which explains on how much power it has over snackmaster . otherwise method and recipe is same . say 4 trays on snackmaster is good . gardenmaster can handle 10 trays at the same time because of the wattage it has . however , gardenmaster will definitely use more electricity even for small job . 
it 's about as loud as a floor box fan or portable fan . you do have to talk over it if you 're standing right there . but it makes your house smell great so it 's a tolerable nuisance ! 
theresa , i 've had the machine for a couple of months now and have dried fruits , but my favorite is to make jerky . the unfortunate thing about jerky is that the marinades i make have sugars in them and are vary dark . i was able to wash my trays ( ten of them ) by stacking them in the bottom drawer of my dishwasher and running them through a full cycle , but no heated drying . the trays came out spotless and it was running on economy mode . i hope this helps . 
just under an inch 
mine came with one of each . 
its not a consideration . it 's not as loud as my himidifier , not as loud as the air circulating through my ductwork , not as loud as the ac . i might put it on par with , i dont know what . i actually did n't notice the noise so i ca n't recall . i guess it ca n't be that loud . 
yes it came with instructions and temp & time recommendations based on what you 're dehydrating . at the rear of the booklet , they have a few recipes . 
1 1 8 '' diameter , the smallest i 've used it on was a 1 liter bottle works well hope this helps 
the key works on all the locks . so you just need one key . they give you 2 lock so if you ever need to replace a lost one , you are all set . 
this one i ordered is medium and would n't work for you , but they do have a large that might . 
it does on some depending on the shape of the neck . if it is uniforn and does n't have a weird lip or edge . 
i just tried it on a wine bottle and yes it does . i honestly love these locks 
yes , a recipe booklet comes with the bowl . recipes vary but for the most part use whole milk or cream . ice cream is rich but one does not have to eat a lot of it at one time . the bowl is the best i have ever used and my favorite is rum raisin . home made ice cream is less expensive . you can also make sorbets and frozen yogurt and those have less calories . blackberry sorbet with a little blackberry brandy is yummy . 
if you have the bem800xl then this is the freeze and mix for you . i have the same scrapper mixer pro . 
this is an attachment set for the bem800xl scraper mixer pro . this specific attachment comes with the freezer paddle and the freezing bowl . however , the bem800xl scraper mixer pro does come with a whisk and mixing paddle attachment . 
yes . for optimal results , the bowl needs to be placed in the freezer for a minimum of 15 hours prior to use . 
it has great power - and is the best mixer i have ever had . 
they say a year . i found that to be true although around maybe 10 months or so they started looking pretty dirty . i cleaned them ( scrubbed them w green pad - they looked almost like new again ) but i replaced them around 12 months . they kept the water tasting good the whole time . 
no , you do not have to . however , your flow will be twice as fast . 
there really isnt a shelf life they have only been out in 2014 , but you can probably keep them for many years without a problem 
i ordered the filters i wanted separately 
yes . i currently am using propur with my berkey . 
the water out where i live has a bad taste . these filters clean that out and the water tastes clean 
propur claims to be the only one to take out the toxic derivative of fluoride ; the toxic waste from china . also they leave in trace minerals . 
yes they can , no problem 
yes it can , no problem . the filters are interchangable 
it only comes with two ( 2 ) total filters . 
it removes everything , put food coloring in the water and it comes out clear.i tried this..i bought it specifically to remove flouride..taste is so clean..no more hauling around cases of bottled -- use for cooking too..could not be easier and good for the environment 
yes it has been amazing ! 
yes , they only have the one filter now , which is the proone g 2.0 all in one filter . 
go to propurusa.com for details 
i would not take advertising to much to heart . if your really concerned about specific bacteria , voc 's or toxic waste . your best bet would be a reverse osmosis unit . nowhere as cheap as a gravity unit . propur advertised fluoride and chlorine removal that other labs have disputed . as of now berkey is my gravity filter choice . and it does not remove everything . such as heavy metals . 
i that happened to me.. basically you over filled it and the pressure pushed the top tank up ... . fill up to the top of filter , or just below . it 's good to go 
i do it at the end of the day . so , overnight . 
sometimes it does , sometimes not at all . at first it did , and slowly has nearly stopped a month or 2 into use . put it in a place that is not near you to drive you crazy perhaps ? its worth the filtration ! super worth it ! 
yes 
brew any coffee you want with single-cup convenience ! simply use your own gourmet ground coffee in your keurig k-cup system with the my k-cup reusable filter . filter basket , filter holder and lid are included . the my k-cup is compatible with all keurig k-cup brewers except officepro , b155 , and all other commercial brewers . it is not compatible with the vue system or the rivo system . i also want to say , i like my coffee a little on the strong side . coffee seemed to be a little weak using this . hope i was a help . marylou 
yes ... it does . 
screws down ( aprox . 1 2 turn ) as the original parts . 
it should , i have a different model but i just snap out the black insert for the other kcups and use this refillable one instead 
yes , the reusable k cup filter will fit the keurig mini b30 . it comes with a filter holder and lid . you can easily remove the original k cup filter holder and insert the reusable filter holder in place . you then can brew your favorite brand of ground coffee . the basket washes out easily but i always keep filters full and ready to brew . 
no 
no 
yes it will ! just pop out the factory kcup insert . the reusable grey kcup insert takes it 's place . 
if the product says it is compatible i have a k60 and they work great they should work with a powder chocolate if it is n't too fine . but i do n't drink hot chocolate . just use it as a hot water trough these kcups . 
there is a definite strong odor from the pillow . i took the cover off of mine and let the pillow air out for a week before i was able to use it . also , the pillow gets very warm and uncomfortable when you sleep on it for any length of time . i finally gave up and bought an adjustable bed . it was well worth the money and i sleep like a baby now . 
the whole pillow is memory foam , but if you want it for gerd , do n't get it . it does not keep your torso elevated and allows acid to move back up your esophagus . i have had more luck with a regular foam wedge and i put about 4 layers of quilt batting on it for comfort . 
not sure if it will help with the snoring , but it does elevate your head , so if you have found putting a few extra pillows under your head works , this should work , but better because it doesnt shift 
no . both were `` factory fresh '' and gave us no smell at all . 
no 
no..according to the attached tag it is made by carpenter co in russellville . ky 
it appears to me that the whole wedge is the memory foam.. it is all solid and no layers . when i squeeze on it it seems to be the whole wedge . hope this helps . 
hi marilyn , this pillow is designed for great sleep on your back or side . the memory foam forms comfortably to your sleep position . 
hi marilyn , all foam products will have a very temporary and light `` new foam smell '' as with many new materials . we recommend removing the zippered cover and letting the foam open air for a few hours if you have sensitivity to smell . we will gladly accept returns which have any defects . 
i sometimes use a bag , but i have not found one that biodegrades within weeks , so i usually use my yukchuk without a bag . it fits nicely in my dishwasher , but sometimes i wash it out in the kitchen sink . '' i sure hope this helps you . i just love mine..good luck , ella 
product dimensions : 10.8 x 5.8 x 11.8 inches ; 15 ounces -- -- 1 gallon capacity . hope that helps you choose a yukchuk david . regards gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
yes . absolutely . 
sir , or madam , we try to use an average cost . we mail all yukchuks usps priority mail , ups and fedex are quite a bit more than usps . remember that there is labor and material in the package and we use a custom made box and win some , loose some . for example i just packed 2 yukchuks with two packs of our bio-bags and the 'actual ' shipping cost was over $ 4.00 higher than what that customer paid for a west coast shipment . selling on amazon comes at a price too , and includes an adder for using their shipping service label . hope this helps answer you question . respectfully gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
i love this thing . the shape is ideal for moving to the island for veggie chopping sessions . it also can be opened with one hand and closed with one hand so you can take a plate over to it and dump from the plate without setting the plate down . it also can be mounted on the inside of the cabinet door if you want to hide it . and it does fit in my dishwasher and is bottom shelf safe there . i originally bought it because of the fruit fly problem and it solves that too . 
there is quite a difference in the selling & shopping cart costs between the two different web stores 
a yukchuk has a 1 1 2 gallon , or 6 quarts capacity 
it does n't tip over too easily , though it could when it 's not mounted . yes it stands up when it is empty and the lid is open . i do n't have it mounted and it works well . you just have to note that it can tip over that way and take a little extra care . 
sorry , ca n't find the mount package right now , as i use it free-standing . if i recall , the screws appeared to be about 3 4 '' ; if so , given the thickness of the mount itself , should work fine on std . 3 4 '' cabinet frames . of course , if the screws are too deep for your application , or not deep enough , replacements to suit should only cost $ .50 or so . 
bottom of bucket to top of open ( vertically ) lid is 16 '' . typically lid will settle into horizontal position when opened to scrape food waste into bucket . i hope that is helpful to you . regards gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
every 6 months 
i have very hard water so i end up changing the filter every 4-5 months 
b200 
yes , i 've done it many times with no problems . 
no it does n't 
yes . i have several times and it 's been fine . 
amazon prime is not for 3rd party seller . only for product from amazon llc . 
there is a zippered pocket that will hold a 15 '' laptop computer but not a 17 '' one . 
well it would be like anything else , if you spill something on it , you had better clean it or it will stain but probably not likely . my bag is great and i put it thru the wringer . i wipe it down and it looks great ! 
i 'm not sure but i do know that i have put up to 10lbs in it with no problem 
yes it is but thing is it looks like a normal bag but it 's a insert in the middle looks like it 's for a laptop i just pulled it out but it 's a big bag overall 
that is the only shoulder strap but my husband and i can both use it to carry the bag on our shoulders . we are both of normal size build . it 's a little shorter on my husband but makes a perfect shoulder bag for myself . 
yes . it has a middle pocket for a lap top and two pockets on each side of the middle pocket for books , wallet , lunch , etc . there are also two small pockets inside for cell phone and keys . 
nothing spill out of my bag , no leaks and it is waterproof 
not at all and i have washed it more than 10 times and it looks exactly the same 
absolutely not it barely fits utensils 
we have this bags dimension as approximate exterior dimensions : 11.4 '' wide x 7.7 '' high x 2.75 '' deep 
the strap is adjustable and can be shortened , but only by about half . i think you will still have a bit of 'dangle ' going on . 
it depends on the size of the water bottles ... but to give you a sense of scale size , i regularly take my coffee to work in this bag , using a swell medium-sized flask that measures ~10.5 '' long by 3 '' in diameter and holds 17 fluid oz 500ml ( check it out at http : www.swellbottle.com shop water-bottles glitter ) . this bag would comfortably hold two of these flasks and a smallish hand towel . 
based on the actual dimensions people have shared in other questions answered , it should fit them . for sure the rover . 
it does drip a lot unfortunately 
the base is approximately 4 inches in diameter and just shy of 5 inches tall . 
absolutely ! i pull out the filter and put both items on the top shelf . i would just recommend rinsing immediately after use in case you steeped a red tea to prevent staining . 
this is not an electric device . it is a ceramic teapot . 
tea forte products comply with ca proposition 65 and meets the us food grade safety standards . 
no you can not 
yes 
no 
i would say not . more for serving . 
it is powerless , just a ceramic pot . 
no because the frame has the motor and everything that operates your bed attached to it . i 'm assuming you 're talking about a bed where the mattress just sits down on it . if that is the case , it wo n't work . i believe that the legs are attached and there are extenders to make the bed taller if you want it to be higher . this bed is extremely heavy and i do n't think i would want to put it on a platform . 
yeah , no mattress in my box , ca n't get ahold of anyone either . seem to be very difficult to work with . as such assume any warranty is non-existent as it will be impossible to make claims . 
no . you either use the 4 or the 7 but you ca n't combine them 
no 
$ 658 
yes you can ! 
the smell was n't really a big deal . it seemed it went away with 48 hours . unrelated to the smell , i had the worst experience with the delivery of this bed . the two twin beds where just dumped by fedex on my driveway . the shipping box ( if you can call it shipping box ) were completely torn apart and left part of the mattress exposed to dirt . the adjustable frames beds were delivered much later . the delivery company that was contracted by leggett & platt was the worst . they lied and lied and lied . i finally contacted leggett & platt and told them about my experience . leggett & platt immediately took care of the situation and the frames were finally delivered . do n't worry about the smell . it will go away immediately . i ordered `` firm '' and it 's an understatement . it is super firm bordering on the uncomfortable side . it 's also super warm . it really retains body heat . i decided to purchase another brand memory foam mattress and glad i did . i hated the dynasty mattress -- -way uncomfortable . 
yes , but they are very heavy . if you did not pay for the deliver , make sure you have at least two very strong men to do it . 
not to bad . my sister and i carried it . xl twins are lighter than the queen my mother bought . 
there is a small gap 
yes it does . both sides . 
not really . i 've stacked them two high but they are not built for stacking 
it seems to be normal because mine looks the same . 
super easy . i doubt you 'd have any problems . 
it may be unfortunately we do not have anyone here who has tried it that way . 
sort of . there is a slat ( much like the ones on the sides ) running along the bottom that connects the ends ( much like the sides ) . 
12.5 '' w x 14.0 '' d x13.5h it 's quite spacious take for instance my miles davis 40th anniversary bitches brew vinyl box set fits in there comfortably . 
i think so . my oster blender is only about 10 years old but the part fit perfectly . i googled the oster model number of mine to figure out what parts would fit . that 's how i came upon amazon . they were only place i could get part . 
yes , this is pretty much the standard base for the container . i dud not see a model 6838 , but it does fit the 6837 and 6843 
no sure what you mean by the ice blade ? can you explane ? 
my understanding is that it will , but i have never tried it 
i have an older style square-type blender with square top cover . i picked the base on the similar-looking base to existing . if this looks similar to what you need , worth a try . 
you certainly do have a classic ! i do n't know if the replacement lid will fit or not . 
yes i think it will fit . if not you can look here for replacement pieces . http : www.ereplacementparts.com oster-bccg08c-speed-blender-parts-c-116577_116579_116747.html 
the one i received was plastic . but works great . good luck ! 
i ca n't be certain . mine is for a walmart exclusive model , but most oster 's use standard same parts . 
if it 's not identical to the one you have , i would guess that it will not be a good fit . 
i put them in the microwave with no problems . i 've even put them on the lower rack of the dishwasher . they are n't the highest quality plastic but they certainly hold up . 
well , they are bowls and they hold liquids so my guess would be yes . they are nesting bowls , so the first 2 are small , but the bottom 3 are large . 
in between , more like the rubbermaid plastic food containers you can buy at the grocery store . i bought them for my toddler to play with in the kitchen , and they are perfect . but they are also a great size and so bright and fun . i would definitely use them myself for actual cooking , once he outgrows them as play toys ! : - ) 
yes . but i would hand wash them -- they will `` float '' around in your dishwasher because they are so light . 
i have successfully cooked a half pound of spaghetti . i am sure it would hold more , but a half pound is the right amount for our family . sure beats boiling up 12 quarts of water for my pasta pentola . 
yes , it 's bpa free ! per the lekue usa website : `` number 7 is a large category that designates all the plastics which do not have a specific recycling protocol . the # 7 category was designed as a catch-all for polycarbonate ( pc ) and `` other '' plastics , so reuse and recycling protocols are not standardized within this category . in this category , you find polycarbonates and also vegetable based plastics ( p.e . corn ) which do not contain bpa . the bottoms of most plastic bottles are imprinted with a number inside a small recycling triangle . any product with bpa carries the number 7 , but not all products with the number 7 have bpa as our products which are do not contain bpa . our rice cooker and pasta cooker bases does not contain bpa . '' 
other than pasta , i have only used it for cooking quinoa -- which came out fine . i have n't tried for vegetables although assume would work fine as this pasta cooker seems to me a sturdy , but fairly generic microwave cooking tool . the main uniqueness , i think , is the lid which helps keep starchy things from boiling over . 
my microwave is also 1100 watts . i add a good inch of water to any pasta and cook at 90 % power for the time on the box . then check and most likely add another minute or two for al dente . recently i cooked 12oz . ziti this way and it worked fine . 
we 've done both , but i usually just reduce the amount of time . 
the same thing happened to me when i first used it . i just reduced the amount of pasta in the cooker and it comes out fine . i do 2 servings at a time . 
depends on portion size , but usually good up 2 at a time . you can cook for 1 person at a time for larger portions , and since it only takes 8 minutes per cooking session , it 's quick . 
yes but i would n't really recommend this product . i think the pasta comes out mushy or all stuck together . it 's easier to wash a pot ... 
you literally just fill it with water , drop the uncooked pasta in , pop it in the microwave , and when you take it out the pasta is cooked , and you can drain the water using the top cover . so yes , it 's different then cooking pasta on the stove as it takes less time and it 's not a giant pain . ; ) 
yes spaghetti for two even 3. have n't tried mac & cheese , but i did do egg noodles , they were okay not as good as spaghetti . i use mine all the time it 's so easy to make more if you have n't made enough at first . so much easier than boiling and draining . 
it 's white . not a super bright white , just a white that goes well with the soft lime green . 
they are king sized shams ! i love , love my quilt . 
it 's slightly brighter than what is pictured on amazon - but i love it ! 
96 '' x 104 '' for the king 
sandra ... ... .scroll down and you 'll see it 's full queen 90 '' x 90 '' . 
really well . i have washed is a few times now , on a gentle cycle and it looks as good as new ! 
yes , exactly the same fabric as the quilt . 
ivory would best describe it . or , a soft white . great quilt ! washes very well . i bought two . 
my sheets are sage green and they are perfect , but i think hunter would look nice ... 
i could not find the sheets to match this quilt but did find the same solid sage at target . 
yes . and beautiful on the bed too ! 
all you need is a male to male faucet adapter . once you have that , remove the facet tip , attach the adapter and hook up the inlet hose for your chiller . your faucet tip may have a few additional pieces with it ( aerator , screen , etc . ) , so be careful when swapping the tip and adapter or some parts may end up down the drain . 
i am no expert . i bought the larger coil because the price was n't prohibitive . 50 will cool it faster . i use a 5 gallon pot . by the time you get to the cooling part , the 10 - 15 minutes or so you may save is worthwhile . especially with a buzz on . : - ) 
where is it leaking from ? mine will sometimes leak where the tubing connects to the copper , just because the pressure is so high . i make sure not to run the water full blast . 
8-9 '' coil height , 9 '' diameter coil , 24 '' total height , 3 8 '' od tubing 
it fits easily into a brew bucket pail . i do n't know how the dimensions compare . the device is a big big help so far 
they are tiny ! less than 2 inches . i was very disappointed . 
they would be despatched from the uk so it would be too close if the item is shipped with our standard service i 'm afraid 
what i received were mini cookie cutters only about 1.5 '' across and are of ok quality . the cutters that i received are the characters c-3po , yoda , vader and chewie . this was not what was pictured when i ordered the cutters . a stormtrooper and boba fett were suppose to be part of the set . what i received was a cheap copy of williams-sonoma cutters . these will work with the right cookie dough , if you want micro cookies . i would suggest buying the real williams-sonoma cutters , which is what i thought i was buying . 
on ours we were able to adjust the length and just screw the handle holder into the wood at a lower higher location . you should be able to move it to anywhere it can be screwed into the wood at-just double check and make sure you can still pull it up from the front . 
i have a furniture repair business and this is the longest cable i 've seen and is a standard size for most recliners and sectional recliners . when replacing these cables it does n't matter if it comes with a spring or not as far as operation goes . the spring is only a preference for the manufactures . also remember when installing a cable that you insert the `` s '' end first then lay the cable on the top o the release then push the clip into the frame . if the cable goes under the release ( metal flat area between the `` s '' and the clip ) the mech wont open . please feel free to email me back with any further questions . 
32 '' to 40 '' is a good guess . the length of the cable is not as important as the length of the pull . the mechanism does n't care how much is coiled up in the chair or sofa . it needs a particular length of pull . there is hardly a piece of furniture out there that will need a cable this long , but it allows it to be more universal . 
i believe just a phillips screw driver 
take the old one off and measure it . that is what i did 
not sure what the issue is . i know we had to follow the path exactly that ours came out of . there were two specific points that had to be connected right for it to work . one was on the spring end and the little s shaped metal piece had to slide in correctly and the other was a clip on the back . perhaps it is too long ? i am not sure what else the issue could be . you might google you tube to try to make sure it is connected right . best of luck 
to be honest , there is a book that describes the attachments . i had a kirby many years ago , so i know how to set it up , and use the accessories . i suggest you contact the seller if you can ( it 's a 3rd party sale ) and as i recall , they were very helpful and accommodating . 
read the details of the listing carefully . the details are several different parts in the listing and make sure to scroll all the way to the bottom of the page for all of them . each listing will be different . the one i purchased came with the standard kirby hand attachments ( wand , different nozzles , blow up air attachments , tile floor head , and hand spray gun . ) mine also came with pet hair attachment . mine did not come with hardwood floor buffer like the listing stated . it did come with the shampooer . make sure you specify all attachments to be cleaned . mine all came dirty and scratched . the shampooer i got still had soap and hair in it ! 
all the kirby sold in the united states 110v need step-down to use in 220v 
yes hard wood is ok. sanders is not included . 
great question : ) so we do things a little different . being the largest rebuilder of kirby vacuums we get our pick of the best vacuums . so we only sell nice kirbys that already run great . even though they do we still take them apart and rebuild them to like new condition . we do this so it qualifies for our 5 year warranty so you dont have any problems later . in fact we sell about 1000 kirby vacuums before one ever needs warranty work ( almost never happens ) . in the even that for some weird reason you do have an issue you would just have to ship the canister to us and pay for shipping ( costs about 25 dollars from you to us ) . we cover all parts and labor . let me know if you have any other questions : ) thanks dustin greatvacs ( seller ) 
while h2go and waterman are made at the same factory in south korea and have many common features , such as same upper assembly , same filter , same operation instructions , the waterman has wider base and thicker , more durable container . the difference in container volume is approximately 0.3 full ounces ( 20 fl . oz . h2go vs 20.3 fl . oz . waterman ) . usually waterman costs slightly higher because of all these added enhancements and is better suited for people with active lifestyle . the h2go is a budget solution for a portable alkaline purifier . customer support , new century innovations ( nci ) 
i would recommend getting an inexpensive alkaline testing kit and test the water from the pur . if it tests sufficiently alkaline , then no . if it tests closer to neutral , i recommend the h2go product . i use and enjoy mine very much . 
the h2go filters out 85 % of fluoride , 98.2 % of lead , 99 % of chlorine , 85 % of nitrates , 97.3 % of cadmium ( heavy metal ) , 97.5 % of aluminum , 97.5 % of zinc . 
i had my water a bit cloudy too , and i filter a few times and toss it , until the water was cristal clear . i never experienced any headaches because of this water though . 
a little over 16.9 oz ( 500ml ) 
yes , the total dissolved solids ( tsd ) '' tester determines minerals in the water as well . for example distilled water should read 0 ( zero ) , because it has no minerals and is highly acidic . minerals make water alkaline and are beneficial to the body . 
over 1,300 refills per filter with no electricity or tap required ( 600 liters ) . ( or , read description ; ) ) 
yes it is made from bpa free plastic . customer support , new century innovations ( nci ) 
the recommended ph for alkaline water intake is up to 9.5 . while drinking the alkaline ionized water the headaches can signify the detoxification process happening in your body . these symptoms are similar to , for example , the caffeine withdrawal symptoms . you can reduce or avoid for a day or two the consumption of the alkaline water to make the adaptation process go easier for you . please note , this was not a medical advice , and use it for your informational purposes only . for all your health concerns , please consult a licensed medical professional . customer support , nci 
replacement filters can be ordered on amazon here : h2go portable alkaline water purifier replacement filter , 3 count with water ph testing kit customer support , new century innovations ( nci ) 
do n't know the actual density , but did n't compress much when slept on . was nice but not as thick as i thought it should be for the price . hope this helps ! 
i returned it due to thinness and zero added comfort . i did purchase a serta memory foam topper at cosco and cut it to size and it is amazingly comfortable ! 
it did fit our rv . queen . but we sent it back . only 1 1 2 inches . not memory foam . .u could pinch it to nothing between fingers . went to kohls and cut regular queen down . 3 in memory foam . lovely and very comfy 
the facts are in the sellers listing . 3 '' thick . was cool but when we used it it was a cold nite ... so hard to tell . we have n't used it but once ... , so those are the facts . 
between 2-3 '' . i bought it to cover a mattress that came with our rv . this cover is comfy and fits our queen short mattress perfectly . 
it helps , but it is n't a drastic difference . 
there were 12 . 
i 'm not positive , but i think there were 24. and you could choose one side or the other . they are just wraps , you have o bke your cupcakes in regular wrappers first . but they are cute . i bought some sugar mustaches for a baby shower , those were a big hit , but they are a little pricey . 
i am sorry i ca n't remember the exact amount right now , it was either 24 or 48. i am leading towards 48. they are reversabel which was nice . you still have to use baking cups since these are just decorative wraps . i bought some sugar mustaches i found on amazon that were a huge hit . money are just a little expensive but totally worth it in my oppinion . 
yes 
hi monica you probably could reuse them , the muffins i make using these baking cups practically drop right out when turned upside down . they are so much better than the paper ones , and there 's a paper one in between each of the foil ones . i would only reuse them for the same recipe ... .unless you want to wash them ! i have used them for refrigerated cold desserts and they work very well for that . i would not use paper ones ever for desserts like that ... .they would probably stick . 
yes , each 100 set comes in that plastic package with a lid . 
i 'm not sure what you mean . they are regular baking cupcake liners . only the container they all come in has a lid as the picture shows . 
i 'm guessing you can . i do n't see why not . i just do n't think they 'll really stick together . i think the cupcake in the foil liner would be separated and loose from the designer one . 
average , as any other ... .i 've bought many over the yrs ( different brands ) and all seem to be the same height . 
works great on hardwood floor , just change the height setting to hardwood . 
it does not have manual hooks . however , the rewind is very reliable , given that you do n't let the cord get wrapped around furniture , tangled , etc.. i had another one like this before for about five years , and the vacuum motor went out , but the rewind worked perfectly for the duration . 
yes , so far it has been easy to use and reliable , i use it all the time but i have only had it a few months . i love the rewind cord feature . 
yes and two years . it 's at the bottom of the big info sheet in the listing . 
it 's no louder than any other vacuum i 've had the pleasure of using , so i guess it would be a 3. i live in an apartment and fairly certain it does n't disturb my neighbors 
absolutely . it picks up litter right away . you do n't have to keep going over the same area . 
no they do n't but i still love mine 
one end is permanently attached to the vacuum , the other end sits in a holder that is easily released so attachments can be placed on the hose . 
like all vacuums , the air that exits the vacuum is typically hot because it passes through the motor assembly which itself is generally hot . however , the air that passes through the vacuum is filtered in several stages so no , it does not blow dirty air out . 
closed . 
according to the listing here , weight is 24.2 lbs . i 've not weighed it myself , but i can say it 's much lighter than my old vacuum and it 's pretty easy for me ( a petite female ) to carry up and down stairs . the warranty is 2 years limited , and there 's a sticker right on the back of the machine with a phone number to call for any problems . 
i have nit had a problem with wood floors . if you raise the level to the highest setting the brushes do not touch the wood floor , and there is plenty of suction to do the job . 
i have 2 golden retrievers , and 4 cats . the attachment that came with the pet version does a great job removing hair from furniture . it has no problem getting hair off the carpet . the canister does fill up quickly but so far i have saved a lot of money not buying vacuum bags . i used to have to clean the beater bar often with my old hoover . for some reason this one does n't get the hair tangled around it . 
i 'm not sure of actual weight but it is made mostly of plastic , so it is not heavy at all . 
ca n't say . i have berber carpeting and regular carpeting . works well so far . only complaint is there 's only one hose attachment so it 's limited for hard to reach areas . also to get to the belt you have to unscrew the cover of the base . 
it does go low enough to go under our futon which is the only place we have that need for it . everywhere i cant reach the extensions it came with make it easy to reach so i have been able to get in between some tight spots that we couldnt before ! hope this helps ! 
i really do n't remember it being really loud , but i also have a small hearing loss . what could be very loud to you may not be very loud to me . the only problem i had with the vacuum is that is `` broke '' after a few minutes of use . turned out the belt was stretched . now how could that happen so quickly ? i bought a different vacuum immediately . 
it would work on both the rugs and hardwoods . but it is not as light as she may need . also , depending upon how large a space she has and how much her cats shed , it may not be the one for her . ours only lasted about 18 months until it clogged up and eventually quit working . 
110 , standard outlet in houses . 
i 'm sorry i ca n't answer your question . please contact the seller . 
i 've only owned my hoover for a short time but so far i love it . i have 2 dogs , a golden and a chow so there is always dog hair ! the hoover does a great job picking it up . it is easy to empty and clean . for the $ i think its great . 
no : - ( 
not quiet for sure but probably no noisier than other vacuum cleaners i 've had other past 20 years . i definitely would not use it late at night or early morning so as not to disturb apartment neighbors . 
i have n't used that part yet . 
no retractable cord . you have to wrap it up on the back . vacuum works great though . we love it . 
remains as pictured . be advised that the unit weighs 17 pounds so stair cleaning is a real chore . and if you do n't have compressed air , forget about getting the canister clean . 
mine is 2400 sq ft and this vacuum is fine : ) 
no 
i believe it 's less than 10lbs and is the best vacuum cleaner i have owned . love it . 
yes it does hard floors . we use it o vinyl floors in the kitchen and bathroom . works great . has setting for hard floors . 
standard queen 
mine the same . pillow giant waste of money 
i think they are the white ones . 
i washed my pillow with wool white on a delicate cycle . then i dried it in the dryer on low and then let it dry for a couple hours out of the dryer 
junk from the beginning 
the great thing about this pillow is that it is very firm and if it ever loses the firmness bc of excessive use you can bring back the firmness by placing it in the dry for 10-20 minutes depending on how firm you want it 
the width of the pillow . kings are wider than a standard pillow in order to fit the wider bed well . my 2 cents ... you can buy a much better pillow than the mypillow . my wife and i bought 2 and 4 months later neither of us are using ours . they lost all loft . in my opinion they are purely sales driven . the product is iffy at best . if you look at most of the reviews they are people who just bought one and brought it home . very few people will come back in a few months after the product is junk and bother to tell you about it . 
it was white 
it does n't specifically say that on the packaging , but the instructions that come with it will tell you how to achieve a soft to firm feel . you can manipulate the pillow to your comfort . i love it simply because i do n't wake up in the morning with a sore neck any more ... i feel like my head spine are in better alignment while i sleep . hope this helps . 
i sleep on my back or side so i 'm unable to give you any guidance . i really like this pillow and do n't know why it would n't be comfortable for those sleeping on their stomach too . 
the angle is adjustable in about four positions . 
it includes a wall ubs adapter , however there is no reason a car adaptor would not work for this device . the usb plug is a universal usb connection that could work with any adapter . 
does not take batteries either plug into the wall or computer . 
i measure 21 inches from the floor to the top of the middle shelf . 
yes it can.. , but would n't this be tall for tv 
if you mean it needs assembly ... yes it does . 
w36*d12*h34 
it measures 36 '' ... . i love it 
table dimensions : 34 '' high x 12 '' deep x 36 '' wide from left to right i do n't have the exact dimensions of the drawer but it 's small . it 's large enough to hold a stack of legal mailing envelopes , but not much else . i hope that was somewhat helpful . : ) 
30 pounds or so 
36 inches in height 
yes 
product dimensions : 36 x 11.8 x 33.8 inches 
i successfully clean a narrow-necked carafe using raw rice . i rinse out the carafe out , then put in a small amount of dish soap and a handful of raw rice ; swish until the glass is sparkling . it cleans without scratching and all you have to do is rinse until it 's suds-free ! 
made in china 
it depends on what shipping method you opt for and what seller you buy it from . each seller has different shipping services they prefer to use . if you purchase from health time depending upon the shipping method you select when placing your order , we will ship your order using usps first class , usps priority mail , fedex 2 day and fedex overnight shipping . 
the manufacturer only makes this bottle with the writing displayed on it . unfortunately we are unable to alter the product once we receive it from the manufacturer . 
it is glass just like a regular wine bottle . 
yes and is guarded by styrofoam inside the box . 
you can drink anything out of it . 
no . 
it does but the box has the picture of it on it . i do n't know if you 're trying to make it a surprise what 's inside . it 's pretty nice though . not fancy but not cheap looking either 
we are sorry to hear of your circumstances . it appears the seller sent you another item in error . we recommend you contact the seller so they can send you the correct item ordered and resolve the issue at hand . if you are unsure who the seller is we recommend you contact amazon directly to help you get in touch with them 
heavy duty melamine - thicker plastic . green , red , yellow and orange . dinner plates have a raised lattice effect . luncheon plates have embossed flower effect . inside each bowl is a smooth flower . 
i have had since december i was top and bottom with no issues love them 
no-i do n't think any of the melamine is microwavable . the dishes are great , they 're very pretty and i put them in the dishwasher . i bought them for family dinners on the porch -- -love them . 
yes they are in the dishwasher almost everyday ! they are still as bright and pretty as the 1st day i used them ! very pleased very happy i purchased they- they make me smile when i use them ! know that sounds dumb but sometimes it 's the little things that bring you pleasure and the fact that these do everything i wanted and look good and easy care works for me ! the large plates are really large we mostly use the smaller plates . 
no they are not safe for the microwave-it says so on each dish and the box . they are ok to put in the dish washer though i hand wash mine because i think it 'll make them last longer . these are n't glass . they are some type of plastic material . 
on dinnerware box it states : `` not recommended for use in microwave oven . '' 
it 's a 4 pack 
if your filter system handles standard filters 9.75 '' which is standard for most osmosis system they should work . take one out and look at it you should be able to tell just by looking ? lk gold canyon 
idk there standard 10 '' if this helps 
you need to check with your system for the size that is used ! most 2 & 3 stage osmosis use this type ? 
yes , i feel those would work fine . i 've been buying the omni to1-ss carbon wrapped whole house replacement water filter cartridge for $ 8.00 each , so $ 11 48 for 2 cartridges is a great price . i 've just added them to my wish list so i can order them next time . 
yes , typical set up is stage 1 10 micron filter non carbon stage 2 5 micron carbon block , stage 3 di resin 
neither the packaging material that holds the 4 filters together , nor the individual filters themselves is labeled with the country of origin . perhaps there 's an 800 phone number listed on the website , to connect with a service representative ? ? ? sorry i ca n't answer your question . 
the spigot looks like a very hard plastic . it certainly is not stainless steel . but the plastic is very tough ! 
we 've never had a problem getting a tall glass under it . i got this for my in-laws , so i ca n't measure it . 
no all one piece . top lid is the only thing that comes off . we love this item . looks great and is great for entertaining 
this beautiful dispenser is 24 inches tall . 
sorry i threw the box away . 
yes it does ... .it is beautiful ! ! ! ! ! lots of compliments on it . 
yes , there is a very similar dispenser available in 1.5 gallon . 
they 're little plastic soup cereal bowls . kind of disappointing -- i 'm returning them . 
yes . like picnic dishes 
i did n't keep them . they were not as well made as my corelle dishes so i returned them . 
lol , they are decent bowls . i suppose you could strap them on but i doubt they would be very comfortable or slip resistant . 
they are stackable . the individual containers do n't have covers . it 's easy to spill the spices if you accidentally tip the container . i would n't buy it again . 
one spoon . but i have not seen the need for more . cooking with my masala tin makes quicker work of my cooking 
glass indeed . quite tight and sturdy . i love that feature . 
they are quite small . i will give you the exact measurement later in the evening once i get home . but even if you fill the spices you can fit the spoon in it without any issues . 
yes , the lid can close with the spoon in , but there is only one spoon ( 4 '' long ) that comes with it . the image on the box showed an internal lid ( inside ) that many masala dabbas have , but there was not one in the box . big box diameter is 7.5 '' , height 3 '' . diameter of the 7 small containers is 2-1 4 '' , height 1-5 8 '' . hope this helps ! 
our baby is 30 1 2 inches long and when he sits his feet do n't touch floor and the height from floor to seat is 6 to 8 inches and it is less then 3 feet long . i hope this helps . our baby has had this since he was a year old and he is now 15 months and he loves it . 
no sleeping bag , it just folds out into a bed for them to lay on . 
i had to get a very large safety pin to act like a zipper pull and then i was able to unzip it and wash the cover . they should make it a lot easier to remove . 
hi julie , my son is about 36 '' , when laying down his feet reaches the end of the mat . however , i will find his sisters ( who are 9 , 8 , & 6 yrs old ) laying on it and seems to not mind their legs hanging off of it as well as sitting on it as a couch . 
no it is designed for a child ? ? the pics make it look larger then it is ! ! nice for a 2 yr old though . 
no 
about 3 feet . my 3 year old can use it as a bed for nap time ... he loves it ! 
your question perplexed me , but i had some free time , so i thought i 'd try to answer the question . i 'm assuming that this item was once called an `` induction '' cooktop , but it 's definitely not that ( and it looks like the name has been changed to reflect that ) . it 's infrared , like the electric stove cooktops with glass tops . for those who want some information on the difference between infrared and induction , take a look at this link : http : www.ehow.com facts_7862883_induction-vs-infrared-cooktop.html the article states that induction cooktops only work with ferromagnetic material . the description of this item states it `` works with all types of cookware including glass and aluminum '' and my personal experience shows that it does . i 've been very pleased with this cooktop . 
yes , you can . if you want to be extra cautious and prevent fear of burning the table then place silicon trivet ( 12 '' x12 '' ) underneath . 
the actual heated surface is 7 1 2 inches . i use a 10 1 2 inch skillet which seems to heat up quite evenly . also , this is really a great product . 
there is a timer for up to 2 hours and then it will shut off . if you do n't use the timer you would set the cooking temperature to a low value and you check the stock as it simmers . saying that , we have not used it for more than an hour or so at one time but i do n't see why you could n't use it for a longer time . from the manual `` the timer is an optional function . you can either choose one of the preprogrammed times or you can use the cooktop without setting a time . we have had the cooktop for almost 2 months and so far are very pleased with it 's operation . 
yes 
called them , it happen to me . they replace unit as it was under warranty . 
the 12 settings cover a wide range of temperatures . more than enough for any use we have found . 
i have no idea about a nuwave but i really love this cooktop . i used it for outdoor cooking in the summer . it works great . it takes a little longer to boil water than a gas stove but i expected that . 
it weighs about 5 pounds . it measures approx 12 '' x 15 '' . stands about 3 '' high . the cord is about 45 '' long . heats up almost instantly , but needs some time to cool down.ceramic top can scratch easily , so care is needed when putting pots or pans on it . need to wipe spills off gently with soft cloth , again to limit scratching the surface . i am using it while my kitchen is being remodeled , and i love it . 
this item is made in china . 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item will shipped through a freight company who schedule a convenient date and time with you ahead of time . so it is important that you have a workable contact number on your amazon account . all freight delivery will be curb-side . more detailed information about shipment and others are located at the our amazon store front . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
solid wood . very heavy and sturdy table . 
thank you for your interest in our product . yes . the bench is available for purchase . http : www.amazon.com karven-solid-wood-dining-bench dp b00bd6e52o ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1408464017 & sr=1-1 & keywords=bc713 thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . unfortunately , very shipment is brand new from factory . furnituremaxx do not store parts or returns . we do not have just chairs to sell . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
yes ... if you do a search in amazon for `` roundhill furniture karven solid wood dining chairs '' a result for a pair of them comes up , sold by furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the chairs that you are inquiry for has solid wood with beautiful dark hazelnut finish . thank you and have a wonderful day ! furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item is made of solid asian hardwood . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . this set has one box for the bench and two boxes for the chairs and two boxes for the table . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . yes . the item you are inquiring for is d713 which can fit 10 people in one setting . yes . the longer side with leaf in place could hold 4 people ideally . you can purchase the table separately , however the chairs do not sold separately . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
picture can not show the detail finish . it is natural wood grid , the table color will match the bench . 
they were not hard to assemble but it was difficult to make them balance on all four legs . 
23.5 inches 
depth is 9 , width is 14.5 
no 
they are just average stools . 
the feet are 15 '' deep from front to back . 
sorry but we can not break up a set 
i would say around 5 pounds . lightweight but sturdy . 
17 '' x9 '' x1 '' thick . the rounded edges make them very comfortable . 
it is made out of cordierite , which is a mixture of various minerals ( fe , mg ) 2al3 ( si5alo18 ) -- iron , magnesium , aluminum , silicon , and aluminum oxide . cordierite is made to withstand high temperatures . joe 
yes . i had a green egg that i put the stone in and it works great . close to what a wood fired pizza oven . the only problem is the stone will smell like the lump charcoal . i found that i was n't a fan of that odor taste . i now use it in my oven and after a dozen are so cooking the odor has gone . be sure not to wash the stone . hope this helps . i liked the stone so well that i now have two of them . 
hi carol , that will not be a problem from the standpoint of potentially damaging the stone ; the stone can take enormous heat . do note , however , that in heating the stone that fast , that you still want to get the inside of the stone hot and you must also make sure your grill leaves sufficient area around the stone to get the dome hot before you put a pizza on the stone . if you get the stone super hot and the dome is either not hot enough , or by opening the dome , you allow the heat to escape , you have a high risk of burning the crust without getting the toppings done . this is especially true in the super hot range and the most frequent cause of it is due to lack of side clearance around the stone ; the stone gets 800-1000 degrees and the dome is only about 200 -- charcoal crust and barely warm toppings . as with anything , the hotter you go , there might be some trial and error , but the stone definitely will hold up . thanks for your interest . joe hurly falls culinary , inc . 
you can or use it on the wire grille . the stone is very sturdy . 
i 'm not sure but we went thru 3 of the thin type purchased at the mall . they all cracked due , i guess , to the high heat of our oven . this stone is a beast . i doubt it will crack . you could certainly email the company before purchasing & inquire about the warranty . they seem like a top notch company . 
it does come with one sheet of detailed instructions . this stone is pretty much industructsble 
it is made in the usa . 
sorry i did n't see this question prior to now . yes , this stone can handle that with ease . enjoy . joe 
i did get the hepa filter for this vacuum . it does help a lot with the dog hair . i have a shepherd mix with a lot of underfur . the filter helped capture the hair and left my house smelling fresher because the hair with dander was captured . they last a long time . i purchased this for xmas last year ( 2013 ) and have not had to change the filter yet . ( 7 2014 ) 
the canister feels really light . i am a 48 yo woman and i do not have any troubles lifting the canister up and down the stairs . 
amazon is like any other dealer . submit registration and miele will have to honor it . 
i would check the miele website or amazon to see how much it costs . you get two floor brushes and all the attachments with this model . the floor brushes that are included are the one for hardwood floors and also the motorized one for rugs . you also get the motorized small brush which i think is what you 're referring to . 
i buy the filtrete brand of bags- much better and far cheaper than the miele brand of bags . i love the s8380 and i still use my 17 year old red star when needed . as for how often do i change the bag- hard to say- when needed . it does n't seem excessive . 
i can tell you we had 2 dogs and 2 cats . the vacuum works well for me . 
110v 
hi laura . the cat 7 dog canister dose not come with hepa filter . it comes with one gn bag and aac50 active aircean filter . for more information please call at 718 349 1500 thank you k & m housewares and appliances inc . 
28 pounds . very easy to push and maneuver and one of our top selling miele vacuums . janeen 
i do n't think so . it is an awesome machine ! expensive but worth it . it 's super quiet , cleans really well , is very well thought out & designed , easy to use and cleans the air while you use it ! my wife & i were just singing it 's praises 2 days ago . 
based on product descriptions the marin sounded like the best model for us . we have one dog - a large one that sheds constantly - and like you , mostly hard floors with area rugs . we 've had the marin for a year now and are very happy with our choice . 
there is one additonal filter between the bag and hepa fiter . in the bag chamber . this filter gets changed after using four bags , and is included in each box of miele genuine bags . its a guick and simple change . i hope that helps . filtration is exceptional on this model . 
i just measured it at slightly over 24 ' . this vacuum is fantastic ! 
the marin when purchased with the seb236 head has a light . should you choose to buy this from us at $ 999 we will upgrade the head to the seb236 at no charge . 
no it does n't & # 128532 ; 
with the wand and power brush attached to the machine : 20 pounds ! 
yes , whichever of the three power brushes you choose would be powered by the power supply that runs through the hose and wand . 
it is very good . 
yes , it is $ 1049 
2 year parts & labor 7 year motor 
i do n't know , but the could n't be any easier to clean - a little soapy water , and then let them dry , or towel dry before you freeze them . 
yes they are odourless and tasteless . the liquid contents , that freeze , are sealed inside 
they are aprox 1 cubic inch 
no . 
yes they are food grade , made in china , and hollow . you get maybe 15 minutes of cold out of them . 
hi chad ... it is true , however i contacted the customer service group to let them know and there was an assembly issue and they sent me a new bix with 8 right away . they were great to work with to get it resolved . i 've actually edited my review to remove my comment , but it has n't taken effect yet . let me know if you have more questions . 
the product is made of food-grade stainless steel made in china , i do not know if it carries fda approval . i do not believe bpa is an issue with stainless steel products , it is more of an additive that is used in the production of plastic containers or items . 
no liquid in the cubes , they did n't chill the drink very well . 
product dimensions : 17.8 x 23.5 x 33.5 inches ; 9 pounds 
17 inches . hope this helps 
the dimentions are the same height as the back of tje chair . the little table on the side folds down and the seat folds up . thats it ! great chair and very sturdy ! we absolutely love it ! 
no . after folding , turn upside down and use leg rails . this chair is awesome and very sturdy . 
we attend a lot of outdoor concerts and the pockets seem to be quite adequate for drinks , cell phones , brochures , magazines and what ever . 
this chair is awesome and will handle at least 250 lbs . 
it is 17 inches from seat to the ground . 
there are two screws on back that keeps the backing secure . you might be able to remove them to do the embroidery 
yes , you can but i find the clips a bit difficult . i decided to buy actual suit hangers with built-in clips instead of using these clips . 
hi karen , there is a little inner clip that slips right around the hanger . the trick is to pinch the top of the outer clip so that you can see the inner clip and secure it to the desired location on the hanger . i hope this helps . 
i believe so -- i use them with delta kids velvet hangers 
yes 
no ! they only fit the new style hangers that are flat . they do sell the ones for 1 4 '' round , keep looking . 
dear erika , regret to tell you that we do not have the clips with the black velvet finish . best regards jackie 
they should work . they 'll spin around , but once the clothing is attached they should be fine . 
they 're not completely smooth on the inside . i have a small piece of fabric that i use to protect my suede skirt but other than that it has n't been a problem . 
i ended up throwing these in the garbage . they were too difficult to open and barely fit on the hanger . 
yes . i typically attach clips to the top anyway . 
i measured it . the fan area is bout 12 '' with the blades between 10 and 11 '' . could n't get a really accurate measure because of where we have the fan . 
generally , no . the fan does not have any hangers or holes to hook it to a wall . however , you could build a shelf and place the fan on it , but you would need to strap it down some way so it would not fall off . i believe this is meant to be placed on a floor or table . 
obviously i do n't know for certain what could be wrong but several troubleshooting ideas come to mind : first , is the fan off ? try taking batteries out , rubbing them on cloth or towel and replacing them , and then try to use . if that does not work , try replacing all batteries with new . make certain fan is completely off before working with the remote so that any instructions the remote or fan received before it stopped working will be eliminated . also unplug the fan for 2-3 minutes to delete prior , possibly conflicting instructions sent to the fan by the remote . also , make certain the remote has a clear , unobstructed view of the fan -- the remote wo n't work if it 's too far away or at an angle to the fan . hope these help but you may need to contact the manufacturer . 
yes you can but it does not make it any quieter . 
the fan is much larger than i wanted . the box it comes in is about 15 inches by 3 inches and there is very little packaging . since the fan is rounded , i ca n't give absolute dimensions . 
16 inches around but fan part is 13 inches . 
the sleep function allows you to set the fan to turn off in 1,2,4 , or 8 hours . i use it all the time so i do n't wake up freezing at 6 o'clock in the morning . ; - ) 
it is very quiet . i had a different model that made an annoying loud beep when you turned it on , off or changed the speeds . this one does not make a beep , and the fan 's actual operation is quiet as well . 
the fan is not noisy . it is nice having the remote and it has lots of settings . we have enjoyed it very much . we are satisfied with the fan . 
our fans are specifically designed to be used in the u.s. or canada , with 110-120 volts . 
yes ! 
it is rectangle . 
there are two versions of this fan available , check the options and you 'll find the digital version which goes in your window one way and has a control for reverse . you 'll spend an extra $ 10.00 . if you want to save a little money you can choose the manual one which requires you to flip the entire unit . 
i bought 3 of these fans and one is in the bedroom . this is definitely one of the quietest window fans i 've ever found . even on high i can still hear the radio , which i could n't do with my previous honeywell fans . they produce a sound quite similar to white noise machines . 
yes that 's what i bought this for ! get it it 's worth it ! check costco first because they had it last year 
yes i just unplugged mine and it started right back up on the setting it was on . hope this helps . 
roughly half the height of a standard two fan window unit . little smaller . also a little wider in order to compensate for the extra fan . should fit most windows of a frame built home . 
there is no heating element . i think what they mean by temperature control is that it has a thermostat which turns the fans on and off once it gets above a certain temperature . 
i do n't know about 42 '' - mine is 38 '' and it expands with expanders to fit just fine . i 'm running it in a vertical mode . 
mine is exactly 6 feet long . i measured it . i 'd say a little short considering you have to hook it up at a window level but luckily i have an outlet right by the window . 
i was looking to confirm that too ! i found this on ebay : dimensions : minimum length : 25.25 '' x 3.375 '' x 7.75 '' or maximum length ( with expandable panel fully extended and both extender panels assembled ) : 36.75 '' x 3.375 '' x 7.75 '' 
no simple way . there are 8 screws that would appear to separate the two halves of the cover . i 've never removed them . the instruction leaflet that comes with the fan states : the fan grills not supposed to be disassembled by user ( exact wording , including incorrect grammar ) . recommend to use a small paint brush and vacuum to clean the fan blades . 
yes . but i discovered afterwards you can purchase this cup for a dollar at the starbucks store itself . 
no 
really thin plastic . looks like dollar store stuff . i was really disappointed and did not give any i bought as xmas gifts . 
yes , it fits under the kuerig . i use mine with my kuerig most days . 
hello , it 's from starbucks 
no . the logo is only on one side of the cup . 
these are now $ 2 at starbucks and as of right now i 'm not sure they are selling the ones with the green logo it has some red design on it 
yes . definitely get them from the store . 
it seems to be a simple , thin plastic , that is a bit sturdier than the plan plastic cups that most companies give out to promote their brands , there is a recycle sign with a 5 in it on the bottom but i do n't know what it means in refernce to the material though . 
they cups are plastic . nice for daily reuse and for gifts to friends and others . 
the material is fur like . the zipper can be pulled open and the beads come out . i sewed along the zipper to keep it closed . 
i have a mid-century mod house . so this was my nod to shag carpeting . not quite as firm as others but works well and guests love it 
no , i would strictly use it to rest my feet or sit on . does not open up for storage and i do n't think it would support much weight if you stood on it . 
true white . 
hi , it is quite firm when you sit on it ( i 'm an average sized woman ) but it 's low to the ground , so it 's fine for sitting , but not sure if it would be high enough to sit at a dressing table . hope that helps ! 
they are nice and i am very satisfied . i doubt real egyptians were used in the manufacturing . the quality is as good if not better than the ones i purchased for over 300.00 when we bought our new bed . 
no , they are just regular cotten . 
china 
i do n't know , because there is not a label that states where they are made . 
microfiber 
elastic is all around , but elastic is very poor quality so the sheets keep coming off the mattress . unfortunately we bought three sets of sheets and they are all the same . i would not recommend purchasing these sheets . 
sheet set was a gift for my daughter 
there should be a black , round gadget in the middle of each bag ( not sure if there is one on the roll up travel bags ) . lift the tab to remove the cover , put the hose of your vacuum cleaner directly over the disk , turn on your vacuum and it will do the rest . when bag is flat , remove vacuum hose and replace the cap . 
yes . just be careful not to rip them 
thinner items definitely got wrinkled , but my sweaters and light blankets were fine . 
mice are know to chew through alot of things ... in my opinion , i think the would be able to chew through the bag if they were determained . 
yes ... .and quickly . as soon as you release the bag so air can get in , the pillows start fluffing up . my daughter actually had one of those body pillows in a bag and it went back to full size quickly . 
the two suitcase size and the 1 carry on size are roll up 
they are reusable . some of them do n't hold a seal and air does get in . i use them mostly for extra blankets and seasonal clothes so even with air in it , it saved me the room . i do like these a lot and they are fairly easy to use.some of the sizes in this pack are pretty useless to me , however for the price by not using them i do n't feel like i 'm out anything . 
i used the dirt devil simpli -stik vaccum which has a crevice corner attachment . it 's not expensive . amazon sells it for $ 19 . 
yes no problem 
yes , we used a a shop vac , an theses bags are awesome , they are worth every penny , enjoy and it holds more than it says too , 
outside 6 5 8 '' x 3 1 2 '' outside height when closed : 4 1 2 '' the sides are slightly sloped . bottom of box inside depth is 3 '' at the front and 3 1 2 '' at the back . the lid : 1 1 4 '' deep in front and 5 8 '' deep in back the base of the bottom of the box and the lid measure 6 1 8 '' x 3 1 8 '' all of these measurements could be off very slightly on each box . 
300+ 
the box sounds like the hobby lobby version 
yes 
hi , i 'm sorry our amazon store is not set up to ship international orders . it is a pleasure being able to help you with your crafting needs . we value your business and look forward to filling your next order . as always , if you have any comments , questions , or concerns , do n't hesitate to contact us ! have a great day ! heather customer service 
i believe it is white pine . 
yes 
a little bigger then a standard index card . sorry i ca n't be more helpful . 
i 'm not sure what size i got exactly but it was the next size up from the smallest note card and the lid did not close unless the cards are leaning . 
i 'm out of town kent but it fits what i would say was the kerig model i see just about everywhere . the durability with this product is a bit of an issue . dean 
you can put your coffee in it . but the pressure of the water puts grounds everywhere and you have to clean it out . i use it with a tea bag in it . and it works great ! ! ! ! anything loose is useless 
i 'm not sure , andrew . i did n't care for the product , it did n't hold up well coming thru the dishwasher . 
no covers on the cups . 
this item fits the keurig my k-cup reusable coffee filter 3-piece set made by keurig , upc code 4964505048. if you have the 3 piece set this filter cup will fit and is my preference over the one that comes with the 3-piece set due to its slightly larger size . i do not believe the keurig vue will accept the keurig my k-cup reusable 3-piece assembly but there are reusable filter assemblies made for the vue models . 
i can not answer this question , i do not know what a b30 single serve keurig is . the company does not list any system with that designation 
yes and it saves a lot of money . : - ) 
the holes are one size and i have to trim them somewhat , but i would still recommend them as it beats cleaning to stove top . 
no way to measure thickness of the foil , but it is thicker than aluminum foil on a roll . bends easily . melts when it catches on fire as it sometimes does . 
yes they are 8.5 square . i am very happy with this brand . i 've even been able to wash them and re-use ! 
3.75 in . 
there are no measurements for thickness on the packages . it is thicker than household alum . foil and would be difficult to tear when in use on burner surfaces . 
they fit perfect on three of the reg size burners , tappan standard size stove but the large burner i have to adjust the size , cut a sliver off . they are like the ones in the store but so much cheaper ! ! ! 
no it is not a dual boiler machine . it is a single boiler with rapid steam capabilities . 
i measured the temperature at 160 deg.f . this is the highest brew temp that can be set in the settings . with good quality espresso beans you get about a 1 8 to 1 4 in . of crema for a double shot . 
wo n't be automatic . you will need to steam the milk and make coffee seperate . 
yes , it will give you a better coffee espresso 
no , it 's height , width , depth 
the machine is warrantied through saeco . 
yes , i use espresso beans exclusively in mine . 
this model is 110v , i know the machine is available in 220v because i used one during visits to european countries . 
it works on a standard 120v plug 
120v 
prob 5-7 lbs 10 tops 
table 19.5 '' w x 23.25 '' l x 19.5 '' h ; chairs are 10.625 '' w and seat height is 11.25 '' . i would tell you that if you are getting it for a child to color and do crafts on it is fine . if you plan on having two kids on it you might want to look for a bigger size table . it 's a nice table , just not quite big enough for our two boys . 
mine does ... tho they are done in batches ... so depending on the day they are made , it might be slightly different . ( think dye lots ... ) 
yes . this is a great solid wood table . my girl eats her meals most nights . i wipe it witha soapy dish sponge and even scrub the dried food with scrubby . table is great ! 
i have n't noticed any smell . 
you will be just fine ! very , very , sturdy ! i sit on one of the chairs all the time and would n't even worry about it breaking ! : ) 
perfect for a toddler ... great quality but too small for a 6 year old 
we do sell this set with 4 chairs 
no . this set is great . very durable . my 2 year old stands , jumps and do anything imaginable a 2 year old thinks of on this set . i have n't noticed or smelled any chemicals . 
espresso ( very dark brown , looks good with our other dark brown furniture ) 
hmmm , i have a gas range , but i know smooth cooktops ( aka glass top range ) pose an issue for canning , particularly for pressure cooker canning . as i 'm sure you know , pressure canning uses a higher heat level for foods that are lower in acidity , else the bacteria are not killed . my understanding is that a lot ( but not all ) of glass top ranges automatically shut off at higher temperatures , such as those involved in pressure canning . that shut off feature protects the stovetop from cracking , but it keeps the temperature too low for pressure canning . i did a little investigating , so try this website to learn if your range is described under the section titled `` guidance specific to certain stoves '' . here 's the url : http : www.pickyourown.org cannings4glasstop.htm . hope this helps . 
yes it has a silicone gasket around the inside of the lid . the lid makes a tight seal as you press it down , you can hear the air being pushed out . as well , it has another pressure seal for the pop-up valve and the relief valve , likely those have small gaskets , too . 
the rule of thumb is `` if a magnet will stick to the pan you are using , you can use it with induction ranges . '' i tried sticking a magnet to mine and it did not stick , so unfortunately , the answer to your question is no . 
says no 
yes 3 
there are three ( 3 ) pieces to the rocking regulator . take to two round disks off of the stem piece . the stem piece is 5 psi or 5 pounds of pressure . add one round disk to the stem piece and you have 10 psi or 10 pounds of pressure . when you add the third disk to the assembly above you then have 15 psi or 15 pounds of pressure . when the appropriate pressure is reached , the pressure assembly will start to rock back and forth indicating that the pressure has been reached . start your process timing at this point . lower the burner to where the rocker is just calmly going back and forth for the duration of the processing time . this type of pressure regulating system is the best if you do not have an extension service close by or somewhere that you can get the gauge type checked , because a gauge ( dial ) has to be checked every year for safety reasons . hope this helps . the canner cooker is really a good one . 
the cooker comes with 2 flat round weights with a center hole . when 1 is used ( placed over the indicator ) it signifies 5lbs . of pressure , when the second one is added over the top of the first one it signifies 10lbs . of pressure . just off the top of my head , could be 5 & 15lbs . instead of 10lbs . if accuracy is premier , i would imagine a pressure gauge could be bought , but i could n't swear to it . 
it worked on my electric stove but i 'm in florida . ca n't answer the high altitude question . 
where are you seeing that it 's not made in the usa ? 
i use the very small ones . i think they are 4 gallon . 
i just measured it . it 's 8.5 '' across the top , 6 1 4 '' across the bottom and 10 '' high . it 's a great little can - adds a bit of class to the bathroom . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog i was unable to find this can in a bigger size . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed '' section for similar items you may be interested in . i hope you find one you like ! 
yes 
mine measures 48 1 4 '' w. x 56 1 4 '' l. after being laundered . 
it 's not all that big . it 's pretty . i bought it to cover my couch , since i have to sleep on it . get something bigger . 
there 's very little that could be considered red , red . the color is more of what i would call raspberry . on the floral side , there are flowers are more light raspberry or could be considered a version of pink . the other flowers that are darker are closer to a red . one the striped side it 's definitely a raspberry strip . the colors in the picture online look pretty true on my screen . the actual item is just a little brighterif you 're trying to coordinate with a true red like a christmas red it wo n't work well . if you 're trying to coordinate with something more pink it would go as long as it 's not a really pale light link . i hope that helps . it 's rather difficult to describe since the range of pink to red is so broad . we really love this little quilt . we wanted something that was warm , but lightweight that we could use as a throw when we 're watching tv at night . it 's perfect . 
the background is beige . 
blues , orange , reds ... all colors are very pleasant 
it is orange not peach 
yes , it sure is . 
exact size is under product info . the size is perfect for cuddling up on the couch and it is lightweight . i have the twin size bed quilt that matches and i keep this folded at the end of the bed when not using . 
a little longer than normal . just right for a nap . 
john i really did not like that item as it was course and not soft and warm as described so i can not really help with dimensions 
i guess it 's aluminum . fits well on prestige cooker . why bother ? it 'll melt when pressure is high as safety measure . 
yes 
i think the safety valve is same for a particular brand , irrespective of the cooker size . only gaskets have specific sizes . 
yes , if you are choose the right size safety valve for your particular pressure cooker model . 
it is for prestige only not fit any other brands 
yes 
did u find a solution ? does prestige valve matches pigeon cookers ? 
i had premier 5l and it fitted good , give it a try 
good luck ! can not be found . tried many sources , no success . i bought this pressure cooker , thinking it would last . did not . very expensive . and because i did not buy it from qvc , they would not help me . sorry . 
only 1 . 
yes it fis but my one is not work as valve , i mean it is solid . 
yes but it is fixed valve . 
you need two 17mm spanners ( wrenches ) . here is the link about how to change it . http : www.hawkinscookers.com 4.3.parts_and_service.html 
yes , you can just order valve . 
yes 
i do n't hink you need to worry about it . it is used for any same brand pressure cooker . such valves will melt in the middle since it 's designed that way . i had it on my cooker and have n't had issue . 
i believe it should fit , however i used it for my 5 liter cooker . hope this helps ! 
yes , will work for all hawkins pressure cooker . std size 
one only 
it is aluminum : ) 
i have about 18 cups of rice in one of my rubbermaid containers . in another , i have a 14.75 oz . box of cereal , but it does not fill up the container . the company can give you exact measurements , but it 's about 10 1 4 '' ( h ) , 4 1 2 '' ( w ) , and 9 1 4 '' ( d ) . hope this helps . 
the small clear panel on the top has a little lip that you pull up on to open in order to pour out the contents . the seal is not real tight so it is easy to open . it is not difficult to get the entire red top off either . just pull from a corner and it comes off easily . i do n't think you would have problems opening it . hope this helps . 
they are stackable . 
i checked around before i purchased and found some info saying it was bpa-free . do n't remember where now ... 
twice ! once for my 7 year old and once for me . i was ticked when it happened to him , but when it happened to me , i was furious ! the lid just was n't fully seated . & # 128514 ; 
ants got in so i would say no 
not likely . the lid is not very tight . would not survive a fall off a shelf . 
i have not yet put this particular item in the dishwasher , but the other modular pieces seemed to do fine . i have washed them on the bottom rack through the pots and pans cycle with the heated drying turned on and they came out just fine . i do put the lids up on the top shelf just so they do n't slip through and get on the heating element . other than that precaution , i think it is okay to say they are dishwasher safe . 
this item is 10 1 4 inches tall . i have them on a pantry shelf that is just under 11 inches , and it is a perfect fit . 
i have no idea what home depot is offering . when i purchased mine from amazon the price quoted and charged was for just one unit . 
yes the top is removable 
not a set just for 1 
thanks for your question ! amazon works toward maintaining competitive prices on everything we carry . in some cases our website offers lower prices via the used and new offerings available from amazon marketplace sellers . for more information , go to our help page on ordering from a seller here : 
large are $ 20 at kmart , small is $ 15 
i do not know the exact weight , but they are quite heavy . i love them and have purchased three in different sizes . 
no , it does not . 
it is quite warm but it is not stiff at all , in fact it is quite soft . 
my daughter says it does make a little crinkling noise but it 's not bad . she 's very sensitive to sound when she 's trying to sleep so i would say if she can tolerate it , it ca n't be that bad . 
it fits perfectly snug in my pottery barn duvet and does not shift around . 
no , my daughter took it to college and used it in a duvet cover . no noise reported from her . 
if you mean physical size , it 's about 11inches tall by about 9 in diameter . 
i made mead in a one gallon jug . when you get finished you get about 3 4 of a gallon of mead , due to the clearification process . 
i recommend buying a rubber plug and an air lock that would fit it . the ones that come with these are plastic and do n't seem to be air tight and the plastic cap broke on one of mine after one use . 
lb 1 
the one we ordered came with 3 or 4 world adaptors , us and europe , and asia . the us plug is two-prong , not three prong so i guess it 's not grounded but i use it all through the u.s. and asia and have n't had any problems . 
comes with euro and american plugs dual voltage cord is 2 feet long , love it 
the inside walls are plastic , the bottom metal.we have n't had any significant scale build up but either normal de scaler or water vinegar solution will i am sure work effectively . i used the kettle almost daily in inia and nepal for 5 weeks and it performed perfectly . 
yes , the cups and spoons are included . there are plenty of kettles available with a us plug so if you will use it mainly in the us , i would buy one with a us plug . i bought this one to take with me when i travel in the uk . 
we believe it is bpa free but to be sure we recommend checking the manufacturers website . 
hi karen , thank you for contacting us in regards to the severin hot water kettle model : wk 3644. this kettle holds approximately 0.5 liters . if you have any other questions , please feel free to email us back . thank you everything220volt 
the soft memory foam side up , for your body , and the `` non-slip textile '' , harder bottom on the downside ( platform or box spring ) . 
i would say a 80-100 pounds its heavier than a spring matress but way more comfortable 
yes it has a zip cover 
the full size is 54 '' w x 75 '' l. the queen size is 60 '' w x 80 '' l 
this company actually shipped me the wrong product . i did go into mattress firm and got one almost similar . when you say adjustable bed frame do you mean one that fixate different level on different sides ? 
yes it is . 
yes , it comes folded in a box . as we are shipping it out of california , it depends upon where it should arrive . but typically within 4~5 business day across the nation . 
usa 
standard queen size mattress , 60 in 80 in 
we have the full size bed and it fits normal full size sheets . the tape measure says 72 x 54 inches . 
viscolatex is a hybrid foam formed from memory foam and latex foam . 
the country of origin is not usa , it 's china ! 
i use it more for support of the lumbar area while i 'm sitting up on the bed . this pillow 's material is tougher harder than most memory foam pillows or even most memory mattress toppers , thus sleeping with it underneath my back all night becomes too uncomfortable . hope that helps . 
off white or very light tan . brand name dreamsweet . 
16 '' long , 8 '' wide & 4 '' high at highest part 
amazon does n't say . ask the manufacturer . does it really matter ? it 's really the best pillow i 've ever used . i never regret buying it . it will last . 
it 's been a while so i do n't remember the dimensions . i ordered it because i needed a cushion under my knees for therapy . this was not high enough for that purpose . it would probably work under your neck . 
16 '' long x 8 '' wide x 4 '' high 
the d shape pillow is 16 '' in length , 8 '' wide at the base and 4 '' in height 
it 's not real furry but it does have a soft fur like feel to it . not like a tshirt 
polyester % 100 
i would compare it to a very soft fleece . it washes well and remains just as soft without 'pilling ' . 
hello , the item is in stock . best regards 
yes 
no 
the shipment comes in the package size of a regular comforter size 
yes it does ! 
no . 
solid dark 
this large sized roll pillow measures 20 '' in length and 7 '' in diameter vs. 12 '' in length and 5 '' in diameter for the petite one . 
about 6-1 4 inches . works well but is `` very '' firm . takes a little `` breaking in '' but well worth the price . 
diameter is 7 '' 
it 's a lovely cream color . 
it 's about the length of a regular size pillow . i own two of these pillows . love them . i bought them because i was in a car accident that messed up my neck . my chiropractor recommended them to me . my neck does n't hurt when i wake up in the morning and i sleep through the night . hope this helps . melody 
yes , it restarts after a minute or two pause if the power is interrupted . i think the pause is to reset the condenser , like what a refrigerator has . those are somewhat touchy in power outages . 
i do n't know for sure but i ca n't see any reason why not . i have a sump pump and a lot of times i pour water into it just to make sure it is working . this is by far the best dehumidifier i have ever had . 
no , only for 1 year . the `` sealed refrigerant system '' has up to a 5 year limited warranty . 
i have it set on 45 % and it does my basement of about 8,500 square feet . 
yes - we use in in our crawl space and it works quite well . one of the criteria was the drain pump which we use to drain the dehumidifier into our washer drain which is above floor level . 
yes , there is a hose that comes with the unit . you must have a direct drain either in a sink or floor drain to the hose to work . we did n't have the drain so we empty the bucket . it does a really good job in keeping our garage dry and we empty the bucket about once every day . 
a hose does come with this unit . it 's only about 3 feet long and the male adapter connection end on the unit wo n't accept a standard water hose with out leaking . the hose feature is pretty useless if you ask me . 
let it drain using gravity 
no . there are different connection points for the pump and direct drain . the drain hose has to be attached to the direct drain connection point if you want to drain directly into a floor drain . the direct drain is a gravity drain . 
included 
the unit is 10 inches deep . the hose is partially recessed and very flexible , so another inch or 2 would be fine . 
it comes with a fitting and a short clear hose for continuous draining . you can buy an adapter at lowes or home depot that will slip into the clear hose and allow you to thread a garden hose onto it if you need to run the hose farther than the supplies hose allows . the adapter only costs a few dollars and is a slip fit on one end and a make hose bib thread on the other end . take the clear hose to the store with you to make sure you get the correct slip fit size . 
straight up , no way to adjust that i know of . 
i would say , no . it 's got a noise not unlike a window air conditioner , but not nearly as loud when starting up . it 's relatively quiet overall 
wow what a complicated question . there are theories that apply and can be googled . do n't forget start up vs running requirements . 
just over 5 quarts , roughly half what the unit can pull from the air in a day ... 
absolutely . i just checked with my contractor and he says 'yes ' ... ... water away . we love this unit and it is very quiet and efficient . 
yes 
yes 
yes . 
yes it does , air input temp is about 68 and output is 78 , i have mine in the basement and it gets the water out quite well . 
yes . first year : any part . second through fifth year : sealed refrigerant system . refer to below links to owners manual and warranty . http : www.friedrich.com support manuals-brochures dehumidifiers-manuals http : www.friedrich.com sites default files dh_warranty_11-10.pdf 
i remember on the label it said to just send it in to them and they 'd replace it . mine is still perfect and i use it all the time , about every day , but some times more often than that . i love this pan . i use bamboo in mine , and it has not scratched at all , it 's still as nonstick and smooth as when i got it . 
i believe it 's like most non stick . they do not recommend you put it in a dishwasher . i squirt some dishwasher liquid on it , put in some hot water , let it sit a bit and then use a sponge or gently use the hard since of that sponge that has a harder side . you do n't want to scrape off the nonstick . this is a great great frying pain . also , i learned the hard way on nonstick , do n't poke food with a metal fork or spatula . get utensils for nonstick . you want to protect the nonstick . my sister gifted me some nonstick cookware for my birthday and this is better than the paula deen brand she gave me . i can fry and egg and it 'll just slide off it . so the key on washing is : do it with care , avoid the dishwasher . 
on their website , it says that the base of their pans is steel and should work with induction cook tops . however their website does not have the evolve line on it yet , as such i can not be sure the statement also covers this line . i did test the bottom of the pan and magnets will not stick to it , so i am not sure as to whether this pan will work with induction cooktops . my guess is that it is all aluminum and will not work on induction cooktops . 
uh , no . 
i 've only had to clean burned food once , and i just covered the bottom with soapy water and let it soak overnight . in the morning , it wiped clean easily with no scrubbing . 
we have used it stove top and in the oven and have never had food stick . that does not mean that there is not something left behind to wash but in terms of being unable to get it out of the pan , no . 
since receiving ours over six months ago we 've washed it almost exclusively in the dishwasher . occasionally we 'll hand wash the pan , but have had no problems washing it in the dishwasher . 
yes , refurbished juicers have a 12 year warranty , while new juicers have a 15 year warranty . 
i called the company and they confirmed what the amazon description says - 12 year warranty . this is because it is reconditioned . 
the one i purchased from amazon is 120v for use in the usa . it makes sense they also make one for european use , but i would n't know who sells it that way . 
as usual ; the warranty is split , some coverage is for a shorter period of time . 
go to this website & gt ; & gt ; http : www.asintoupc.com it describes how to convert amazon 's asin to upc 
yes sir . i 've seen this on every model i have used . 
i absolutely love this juicer . i juice a lot of carrots , beets , and ginger and so far it has been great . it also has many uses besides regular juicing and it comes with a recipe manual . 
must have been defective . my family has been using this juicer for years and they have never had this happen . 
yep , and it does a great job . 
i do n't have a clue ! ! ! mine works the way it is suppose to , you might want to contact omega , i did not design it ... 
hi there frogholler ! no it does n't . it works more like a masher . it creates a mushy apple sauce like substance . there is a special nozzle that creates noodles , but that would be from a dough like substance , not like spiralizing zucchini . i hope this helps ! it 's a great juicer for fruits , veggies , and greens . but that 's about all i use it for . 
oh my ! this baby does so much , i 've had no problems with mine , i use it everyday , i would recommend this juicer to anyone 
yes , it contains all the same accessories as if it were totally new ... in fact , it comes in a box with the accessories packaged in sealed plastic bags ~ all totally new ! this is not a used machine , but rather one that the manufacturer has refurbished for one reason or another . i love my juicer and have found that a balance of fresh juiced veggies ( not fruits due to sugar content ) and cooked veggies ( brings out the minerals ) has helped my health a lot ! 
i do n't know ; there 's no recycling code on the bottom of the collecting containers . their email address is omega @ omegajuicers.com 
i bought a refurbished one and have had no problems , it came with the same warranty the new ones had . 
standard 110 . 
yes . my juicer does the same thing . 
the 8004 is 120v . hope this helps ! 
nope . the reconditioned warranty is 10 years . 
you can contact a distributor in you country and ask them about their products and specifications . ( http : www.omegajuicers.com international ) . my omega juicer runs on 110 here in the us , but i 'm sure omega converts their machines to work from any current . greatchoice ! . i love my omega juice ! it the best purchase i have ever made . 
yes it comes with all of those . i purchased the refurbished model and it came in perfect condition with items as advertised . 
minutes . prepare your fruits and vegetables first to fit down chute . with expedience you learn the sequence of a few harder than a few softer , then finish with harder.i can make qt . of juice in 15 minutes , cutting to clean up . i prepare potatoes for hash browns too . 
this juicer is excellent for carrots , apples , and other hard veggies and fruits . spanich is better to mix with hard veggies when juicing or alternate . it 's a great juicer . you will love it ! ! ! 
o4 is white o5 is crome 
it comes with everything and works great fro everything i have tried from grass to apples . 
it is great for juicing.. not blending.. 
hi , i believe your electrical outlets are different than ours ... .so i would say no . you would probably be better off buying one in france . 
un sure . but i personally tested a few juicers and this is the best . it 's a masticating juicer . best for leafy greens etc . 
tough question . i like the small footprint for storage . but , we make a lot of waffles from sourdough starter and freeze them every few weeks . it would be nice to have a 4 square since we make about a dozen when we make them . but , this waffle iron has performed perfectly and i think if i had to make a choice - i would still choose this one for it 's small footprint for storage . 
no wattage is noted on the machine . it makes great waffles , two squares at a time , and does not draw enough to blow a breaker . that is all i care about . 
all all-clad electric appliances are manufactured in china . country of manufacture is marked right on the machine , as required . 
i put a very light brushing of oil on it the first time i used it ( per instructions ) and have n't had to oil it at all since . waffles release beautifully ( i am making gluten free waffles , but i think regular waffles would do just as well ) . 
i have n't made just one , but i do n't see why not . ( who can only eat one waffle & lt ; g & gt ; ) just pour the batter onto the one side . the setting should be the same . let us know how it works out for you . 
i never spray my plates w oil ( because i 've never needed to ) , and so i just wipe my plates down with a soft cloth at the end . if there is a bit of fruit sticking to them ( rare ) , i use a damp cloth . 
they are crispy on the outside . not sure that 'chewy ' is an appropriate way to describe the inside , tender sounds more true to what they are . one has the ability to set the dial to determine amount of 'doneness ' ( as with a toaster ) so you could control yours to your personal taste . best waffle iron ever , and i have tried many ! 
indeed . the waffle iron feels well insulated . the handle and exterior stay cool too the touch during operation . 
yes , i have made one waffle when that was all the batter i had left . you would want to be careful pouring the batter in to keep it in one waffle . leave the heat setting the same . truly a great waffle iron between it heating element , chime that indicates when the the waffle is done , non stick surfaces and the batter over flow tray in back . if you like waffles and would like to have them semi regularly you will not regret the purchase . it is pricey if waffles are a once or twice a year treat however , but money is to spend , right ? 
this item is for house use only 
the sole plate is teflon coated so ca n't tell if it is stainless steel . 
i already had an adapter which i bought on an airplane from one of my many trips . check in an electrical store or home depot . 
it folds down flat for easy storage . 
in inches it is about 1.5-1.75 inches thick . folded iron is about 8 inches long and 4-4.5 wide 
the iron works on 110 w and 220 w and there is 5-6 different adaptor plugs . it works amazing ! 
yes , i believe it is a 5 year warranty on remanufactured factory juicers ... .it might even be a ten year warranty . not much can go wrong with them anyway ... main part is motor . 
yes , it comes with all of the original accessories , including a tamper ! mine was pristine - the accessories looked brand new and everything worked perfectly - also they have great customer service . 
i would n't recommend adding powder through the juicer . use a jar for your juice and add the powder then twist on the lid and shake . the purpose of the juicer is to squeeze out the juice of fruits and vegetables while eliminating the fibrous material . i love my juicer , happy juicing & # 127823 ; & # 127818 ; & # 127819 ; 
it is a little noisy and most likely will wake up someone if the room is close to where you are using it . and if they are lite sleepers my room mate sleeps upstairs so they do n't hear anything . 
it is 110v 
yes , it comes with 2 plastic containers to catch the juice and pulp . it comes with all of the attachments of the new version - mine arrived in pristine condition -you would have no idea it was n't brand new . 
hi , it takes a cr2032 button battery ( only one at a time ) which last a long time . you can pick them up on amazon ( prime ) for about $ 0.45 each ( search sony brand ) if you buy a 20 pack for $ 8.99 ( currently ) . much better price than $ 5 - $ 6 each as suggested . btw , i have two of these scales and they are well built and , most importantly , work . 
the one that looks like a dress is the female ( i.e . triangle small side up ) . i based this on 2 assumptions 1 ) systems set to default men ( had to switch to this symbol ) and 2 ) when i do the analyis both ways the way stated leans towards less water and more fat , which matches most algorithms for women vs men . 
capacity 352lbs 
your weight , body fat % , and water % will be displayed on one `` screen . '' then it will flash and show your estimated daily calories . it also determines your fat % category ( low , optimum , moderate , or high overweight ) . there is an option for athletes which can have % fat overestimated . lastly , unless they made an improvement since my purchase last spring , it does not calculate bmi . 
i ca n't find the instructions . 
yes , i sharpen my ontario sp10 marine raider bowie knife with it . that has a 9.75in blade . having used it for almost a year now i do think it has some partial limitations , i say partial because some relief edges and or grinds are more difficult and some organic curves are tough . but all are possible with time and practice . i have tried a friends `` wiked edge '' sharpening system and its twice the price but it is better . for me it is n't an extra $ 150- $ 200 better but it is better . hope this helps . 
the apex 4 has several more sharpening stones . the apex 1 comes with only 2 while the apex 4 has 5 stones up to 1000 grit and polishing stones for the very fine detail . it also comes with an instructional dvd and a ceramic sharpening rod . most definitely worth the extra money if you have several knives to keep sharp . i 've done my kitchen knives and all the outdoor knives that our family uses . 
this kit comes with the 3000 grit polish tape , and it has produced a very nice polish for me . i 'm not sure i would say it 's a `` mirror finish '' with the 3000 grit , but it 's darn close to my untrained eyes . i 've only just started using the system , so it 's entirely possible that someone with steadier hands could actually put on a mirror finish , whereas i 'm still learning the technique . i just ordered the 6000 grit polish tape , actually , so i will try to come back and and update when i 've given it a try . 
the entire kit , being carried in it 's case , weighs 2 lbs . 15 oz . 
it works with my ultra+ . if the premier is made by the same mfg , i would recommend you call them and ask . inno concepts is representative with email of info @ innoconcepts.com . hope that helps . the coconut attachments presents some sig risk of injury , and i have n't tried it yet other than just putting it on to make sure it works . i got the attachment before it potentially might be made unavailable later . hope that helps you . 
no not a good product . it kept coming out and was not very safe . 
yes 
no , you ca n't set the strength . the only way you can do that is by you adjusting the ratio of coffee to water . i like this coffee maker very much . 
it 's about 13 inches high . 
no , i dont believe it has a carbon fiber filter - i fill it from a brita . its a very good basic coffee maker - i have had no problems so far . in fact i recently bought a second identical unit for my office . the `` beeps '' to signal brewing is finished are rather loud but that does n't bother me at all . 
13 1 2 '' hi 11 '' d. 8 1 2 '' w . 
on the top orange part there are two black slots for your fingers , just sweeze and lift ! 
what is an `` am '' ? 
i too have primarily hardwood and tile floors and three cats , one a long-haired cat , and it does a great job . 
i have n't needed to replace them yet but i have rinsed them under a hard stream from the fawcet then air dried them til really dry & that`s worked really well . when needed , i plan on buying them directly from the manufacturer . 
the electrolux vacuum has a removable roller brush . different attachments can be purchased separately . 
i bought this vacuum cleaner and it never worked after i emptied the filter . 
i 'm not sure what that is , but it plugs into a regular wall socket . 
hi kerry , not sure how long the wand extends to ... we ended up taking it back to lowe 's to get our money back . 
there are 2 tabs on the color part next to the handle squeeze them towards the center and lift out 
dust cup is full , or the hose may be stopped up . i wouldn ; t run it too much with the light on , for fear of burning up the motor . 
it is probable 110 v only because ther is only one number on the cooker , no range . 
no converter needed . this cooker works incredibly well , though you 'll probably want to put a paper towel down . 
it has lines for 1 2 cup , 1 cup , and 1 1 2 cups . no specific line for porridge.. 
yes 
7 '' x 6 '' perfect size for 1 cup . great , love it 
no to both questions . it is a bare bones rice cooker that does an excellent job with no frills . size is perfect for two people or one big rice eater . perfect size to take on a trip also . 
as it only holds about 1.5 cups of rice , it takes roughly 15 minutes . i never measured this with a watch , however , it is my general observation . the beauty is that it is `` fire and forget '' ; once you put water and rice in and but go it does all the rest . 
never try it . only cook rice . 
yes dear it shut off automatically but the problem the side get hard if you do n't shut it completely then eat it right a way my recommendation to cook it when u going to b home and ready to serve whe it 's done 
the literature only has instructions on cooking rice . the box mentions cooking soup but nothing in the instructions . i think you 'll have to go to a multi-use cooker . 
yes 
it is 27 '' long , not counting the plug itself . 
it should be , as the only thing the water touches is the stainless steel . i would recommend you to call the manufacture if you want to be 100 % sure . 
the only plastic on the kettle itself is the handle and cover . the kettle is stainless steel . i would think this is a question for the manufacturer . 
no it does n't . but i like it a lot anyway and use it every day . 
that 's a good question . i do n't think the base heats by itself . 
i doubt that it will work . it is labelled as 120v , 60hz , 1000w . the wiring likely is n't rated for 220v and would likely be a fire hazard . 
yes . all the parts that look black in the picture do stay cool . the stainless steel sides do not . the water is heated through a coupling in the center of the base and the bottom of the pot , about the size of a nickel , and does n't get in my way while pouring from the pot . the pot 's half of the coupling is receded , so the pot is stable if placed it on the counter for a few moments . 
there is no plastic where the water heats up . 
no removable spout filter . it has a series of holes to help slow the water as you pour , but i do n't see how a filter would work . i use a filtered water pitcher to provide clean water before heating it . 
for tovolo ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . for revere ware small quart 7.125 in od x 3.5 in ... ... small 2 cups 5.5 in od x 3.5 in medium 2.5 quart 8.625 in od x 4.5 in . medium quart 6.875 in od x 4.5 in large 4 quart 10.375 in od x 5.75 in .. large 2 quart 8.75 in od x 5.0 handle is 0.125 inches outside of od on revere ware bowls and may be positioned up inside of pressure cooker . add 0.5 inches if handle is up on tovolo bowls . i can not find a source for new revere ware bowls but used sets are available on ebay . 
stainless and heavy duty , we use them in our camper and they can take a beating . 
hi shantanu - i am not at the property where these are stored so i am not able to view the bowls and see if there is a manufacturing mark . i doubt that there is one . i do not know where these bowls are made . s . 
for tovolo ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . for revere ware small quart 7.125 in od x 3.5 in ... ... small 2 cups 5.5 in od x 3.5 in medium 2.5 quart 8.625 in od x 4.5 in . medium quart 6.875 in od x 4.5 in large 4 quart 10.375 in od x 5.75 in .. large 2 quart 8.75 in od x 5.0 handle is 0.125 inches outside of od on revere ware bowls and may be positioned up inside of pressure cooker . add 0.5 inches if handle is up on tovolo bowls . i can not find a source for new revere ware bowls but used sets are available on ebay . 
i 'm sure they 're 316ss they go in the dishwasher and come out with no rust like you could get with 304ss- i work with stainless steel and would be considered an expert in the field . 
try michaels or hobby lobby . 
hi danielle : it 's 30 x 40 '' . diane 
this lid measures : 10-3 8 '' in diameter 
it 's not a perfect fit by any means . size does n't match up . however , since our lid broke , this was better than nothing . it does the job even with the vent hole . i bought several different lids and this was the closest fit . 
no 
it will but seal is not great . evaporation rate increased and basically whatever you are cooking does n't come as it did with original lid . i have tried few times and got a new crockpot . i even tried to cover the lid with kitchen towels to decrease moisture evaporation . it helped a bit . 
yes ... ... .. but you can only purchase a replacement top with a black handle . apparently there are no white handles to be found - anywhere . works just fine . 
we ordered it for our crock pot , model # 3350-510 & it fits perfect . arlene lane 
yes it 's oval 
i got it for my rival 38501 and it is alittle too big for it . i still use it though . it fits well enough . 
cheaper to buy a new slow cooker . i bought a lid that did n't fit and it cost me more to return it . 
yes ... but it is a little looser . it does not fit like the original , but it is a good and less expensive way to keep from buying a new crock pot ... which i did n't want to do because the crock still works just fine . 
this is 100 % gray ! it looks just like the picture . it is also one of the softest comforters i have ever purchased ! love it . 
yes it cover the bottom of the bed as well . just an fyi it is n't very soft bc it is synthetic so i recommend really good sheets 
it 's soft but im not sure how it 's gon na be after its washed . looks as if it might lose it shape . material is cheap . pretty pattern . should be nice for your guess room . it is lightweight n east to make . 
yes 
not sure i understand the question . as i read it the answer was in the listing . `` product dimensions:24.5 x 19.5 x 11.5 inches ; 8 pounds . shipping weight:9.8 pounds '' 
no sheets and it is of bad quality 
yes . just check that it is a gift ... then do n't pay for the gift wrapping 
it is definitely purple . its beautiful ! 
yes and will look fabulous , i 'm very pleased with this purchase . 
i bought this in queen and was very pleased with it , i think i saw it advertised in full . 
you can buy them from amazon . i am a home brewer with 10 years experience i purchased some special caps that lock in co2 when bottle carbonating . i just searched 1 2 gallon bottle caps . if they are no longer on amazon other home brew websites carry them . 
yes the lids were with it . 
yes , it is . it is manufactured by owens-illinois 
no - it comes without anything etched on . 
sorry i do not know ... 
the growler comes with a lid . i 'm not sure about the size . 
you do n't have to shake it at all . and it should n't slide off the burner of your gas stove as long as the burner is level . it really does work as advertised . i 've given two as gifts and everyone loves them . 
no shaking , just follow the directions it comes with . one thing though , it you are making multiple batches , after the second time , give popper a few minutes to cool down , or popcorn cooks too fast and may burn some or have kernels that do n't pop ... 
you can . you need to add the sugar just before or after the first few kernels pop . 
yes , i use mine on a regular electric stove . it works wonderfully . 
yes it sure does . i just now tried it and it worked just fine . no problems . 
it works on my induction . 
it 's aluminum . and it still works great ! 
yes the is a reusable screen in it . 
been a while , but you can use your own ground coffee on the single side as well . 
no it does not . it works with regular ground coffee and coffee pods on the single serve side . 
it 's locked in place . twist the green ring until it snaps out of the lock position , then it should move up and down for you : ) 
no you do n't have to hold the ring . you just turn it sideways and it pours out . 
yes 
no , filled competely it holds 1 1 2 cups 
the top fill line for ingredients is 200 ml or 7 oz . the whole container filled to the top holds 1 1 2 liquid cups . i would not add ingredients above that 7 oz mark or it may splash out of the top when you whisk it 
i was about to return mine after pulling and twisting like crazy without being able to unlock it . i gave the ring one last herculean twist pull and it came undone . it seems that the mechanism that keeps it locked is a bit too tight . once you get it going , it works great ! good luck ! 
plastic and according to the review on here it is not dishwasher safe 
sorry , i bought it as a gift for someone else . good luck ! 
i banged them around pretty well for easter and not one chip ... .have not used them every day yet but they seem strong and not delicate ... . 
yes it is . 
the set comes in several colors including turquoise . the biggest selection is on ebay 
it 's definitely like pfaltzgraff , it has substantial weight to each plate . just to let you know , i used it for the first time at christmas and my family just could n't stop raving about how beautiful it was . you 'll be happy if you purchase this i 'm sure . 
the large plate has a cream background . had many compliments on the set . wife loves them . 
indonesia 
yes . 
fine porcelain . durable , gorgeous setting and dishwasher safe . love it ! ! 
yes , i use mine in the microwave and i also preheat the plates or bowls in my oven . i am very impressed with this dinnerware ! 
the salad plate is red , but the butterfly and some of the flowers are burgundy . these plates are absolutely beautiful ! the picture is pretty accurate as far as color , at least on my monitor . 
the dinner plates are huge we dont have them here they are in our florida home but i would guess that they are 11-12 inches across and the dessert plates is at least 8-9 inches across we didnt use the dinner plates much.. i used them for serving platters and cookie plates . i love the mugs and the pattern.. i wish they had a smaller plate for salad ... 
i 've not been able to find the accessories but the dinnerware is amazing . it 's beautiful and i love the deep bowls . dinner plates are quite large . wish i could have gotten two sets . 
see if you can find th to buy one place setting p 
nope , each pillow is sold separately 
some type of polished cotton blend and no they do n't have feathers 
sorry , i do n't know . i bought blue pillows . 
the color i received is a dark brown . like coffee . 
hello , thank you for your question . yes , this is a queen sized headboard for a queen sizez bed . i hope this helps ! 
the headboard i received lays flat against the wall - no curvature . 
i put them in the dishwasher . my dishwasher does melt other items but these are thicker . plus the designs have n't worn off yet . 
i do n't have a goodbyn lunchbox nor know what it looks like , but the measurements of each bottle is 5.75 inches tall and a circumference of 2.25 inches . hope that helps . : - ) 
6 inches 
no spout . it is an open bottle once cap is off . however , sports top spouts can be purchased separately . 
about two inches . we love the size of the bottles ... perfect for a lunchbag , swim bag , and toting along for outings to the zoo , park , etc 
i have not had one leak yet . i lay these bottles on their sides in my daughters lunchbox . 
our never taste like plastic . i have over 20 bottles and we use them every single day . i wash them in the dishwasher and we love them . 
i bought these for my daughter who started kindergarten in 2013 and we love them . i have never seen any of the bottles leak . i will be buying the larger bottle when she gets bigger . 
i would call the company and ask them directly . i looked at their website ( reduceeveryday.com ) and found this answer to your question under the `` faq '' section : `` no , it warps the products . if you are having a hard time sterilizing or cleaning the products , use a bottle brush cleaner with a skinny handle . '' 
only if there is humidity ... we are in az , so for the most part the answer is `` no '' . we love these and will be purchasing more for the upcoming school year ! 
well , i 'll tell ya , part of the problem may be because it 's very difficult to measure this when you 've got to hold the mattress up with one hand , hold the child ( ren ) back with the other hand and attempt to use a 25 ' measuring tape using only the dexterity of your mouth and pinky toe . all that being said , it was hard to see , but i would say roughly 1 1 2 '' , maybe 1 3 4 '' at the most . 
no reason to buy this . plywood will work . 
no assembly required -- just take it out of the box . it does come with two separate boards , which makes it easier to carry around and get underneath the mattress . 
75 x 38 according to the web site . we are not home at this time so ca n't measure , but they seem true to size . holding up very well on a platform bed . 
yes , no problem . 
this is a solid wood board covered in a soft cloth material . i would not recommend sleeping on it without a mattress . i use two of the boards in place of a box spring mattress , which would make the mattress too high . 
the bunkie board comes in 2 pieces when you order ( at least this one does ) . together they are just long enough for my son 's twin bed , but it does n't go all the way length-wise and his bed is regular length . i could measure each piece if that would be helpful . 
nope . that would fit a full size . these are twin size per package . 
if you scroll down on the ad page , it lists the dimensions there . seems to be true to size ... 
it is about an inch or less . they work great on our bunk beds . does not sag . 
i had to contact the seller because it was not in with the rest of the order . they were really nice about it and fast response . 
it 's the normal king size . i believe 84x72 . fits my california king perfectly 
red 
it is made of a light-weight cotton material . alot like the old-time sheets were made of percale . 
not completely flat but as close as you can come without being in a bed.i was very satisfied with the purchase of this particular chair . it was for my mother when her cancer spread to her bones and a tumor pinched the nerves in her lower spine causing too much pain to be in a completley upright or completley flat position and also could not stand up without help . i hope that helps to answer your question . very satisfied with purchase ! 
my husband is 6ft 3 `` and weighs 220 pounds . his feet hang-over by about six inches . he just fits . nice chair , but i wish it was a little bigger . 
it does it by using the remote . i bought it for my mother , she is in a nursing home and loves it . 
not sure but i got it for my cousin and she is very tiny . she is almost 5ft tall . but she thanks me every time we talk . that the chair is the best chair in the house . 
same questions from me ! 
250 
21 '' w * 19 '' d 
brown sugar 
no 
for sure . 
chair goes back to a fully reclining position , so yes probably at least 3 positions . well worth the money ! ! 
its 3 ft measured between the outer edges of the armrests 
the chair reclines back 20 '' when fully extended , so maybe you would want to put it about 22 '' from the wall . 
350-400. pounds 
not sure but okay for me..the side arms slope up i 'm five ft and two seventy lbs and i fit fine ... .. 
easily 300 lbs 
no that 's a feature i miss 
it lays under the chair on the floor . 
55 '' 
88.2 lbs ... it 's been a while since i received this . please rethink before ordering ... due to the weight and size of box ... they ship the complete stand in one box ... .the top of the stand arrived damaged , chipped , and broken ... . i had to wait 3 months before a replacement was sent from factory ! ! ! but i will admit it was well worth the wait : ) 
19 and 5 8 inches wide . 15 and 1 8 inches deep . heavy duty , well designed , glass like- highly polished surface . worth the buck . 
14x14x6 high 
it is a high gloss finish and assembly is required by customer 
no 
i bought this set , the shams fit normal size pillows ... and i 've seen larger 12 piece sets that come with the small pillows and also curtains 
gray 
yes , i 've put it in washer ( cold water ) and dryer ( delicate ) and it still looks great ! 
the information was not available in the packaging , however , the quality of material is very poor . 
it has two pillow shams , but it does not come with any decorative pillows 
the fabric material is cotton . 
i do n't know . i do n't have them . maybe you can call the company selling the set . 
i do n't have measurement but it fits a queen size bed perfectly , could be used for a king but it would not drape over sides . 
yes 
im just going to say . dont waste your money i was very disapointed in the quality of this set . i could have done better going to walmart.i purchased the king but it fits a queen better . the colors are red black and white . not sure the thread count of the sheets but i did not like them . i kept it because my girls needed a set and i didnt want them to wait any longer . 
its grey . 
no 
more maroon , not red 
yes it is machine washable . the comforter is polyester . its very soft and comfortable . for the price in my opinion it is good quality . i have hadmine for quite a while and i have n't had ny problems with it . it has n't faded , bled , or bunched up like i expected it might . 
i love this bedding set , i bought a california king comforter and put it on queen size bed and it looks beautiful . 
polyester 
i have no idea 
seems to be a cotton mix with polyester . hope this helps . 
white 
product dimensions : 63 x 22 x 73 inches 
i do n't believe it is . it is in my warehouse and not available for me to check . i do remember that you could buy a set of extensions for longer garments like wedding dresses . i do n't remember the cost for the extension accessory . 
there are two upright poles one for each side . very easy to assemble an i 'm handicapped . 
i think it weighed somewhere between 15 and 25 pounds , the base is one solid 6 ' piece of square steel . the wheels are heavy duty ( not plastic ) so the shipping box is heavy and somewhat awkward . 
thank you for your inquiry . i have sent the link to our listing department to double check the posted pricing . please watch the listing tuesday to see if it has changed . thank you ! 
it 's fairly easy to take apart but does n't have an automatic collapsible feature . you remove the horizontal bar then pull out the two vertical posts . none of these are held together with bolts or screws -- all the hardware + assembly is in the orange z frame , which stores flat and could simply be rolled under a bed . however , the whole thing is humongous , so get out a tape measure and make sure you know how big it is . hope that helps ! 
place shield on bolt thread facing downward towards wheel , place washer on top of wheel shield , thread thru bolt hole , place flat washer or lock washer on top of assembly then install bolt an tighten 
yes , the height can be adjusted . 
everything is metal..the only thing that is rubber is the bumper guards above the tires to prevent you from hitting anything ... great product 
i seem to recall that they were offered , but it 's pretty tall as it is . the bar is at least 6 feet high . 
yes i believe so . there is about 2 3 4 inches from the bar that holds the paper towel to the base ( not sure how giant your paper towel rolls are : ) 
just 2 and they come with it 
the holes are exactly 6 3 4 '' apart . 
no , it can not stand on a counter . must choose a different style 
13-1 4 '' long x 3 '' high x 5 '' deep 
yes it is 
it comes with screws . there are pre-drilled holes in the back . 
that depends more on the type of paper towel being used than on the towel holder , but i usually can . the holder is sturdy enough to hold the tube up while it 's being pulled on , if that 's the point of the question . 
a standard roll of paper toweling works fine , im not sure how large an extra large roll of paper toweling actually is . 
yes it can be mounted vertically 
dennis~ the housing unit which holds the carafe is closer to 14.25 '' tall ... 8 '' wide ... and approx . 9 '' deep . ( the back of the machine is curved so it was a little difficult to get an accurate measurement on the depth . ) i have owned this unit previously and now have a newer one also . the older one works just as well . i love this coffee maker . 
i 'd like to know tha answer to this question , too . this cuisinart dcc-1400 has never gotten the water hot enough to begin with and since there is no heating element for the thermal pot , it just stays luke warm , like it was to begin with . i hate to return anything , but should have returned this coffee maker as soon as i got it . 
same # 4as others ... .hope th 
will not work on 240v it will burn up . would have to use a power converter . 
the comforter is a gold . suttle not harsh in color 
not to much .. you have to use an iron the first time 
i do not have a picture but i did n't want a true gold i want the tan with a yellow hue . my walls have no yellow . i ordered it and when my rook is dark it looks gold , however with natural light it goes in with tans . once i added my accent pillows which where chocolate , teal and green it really blended . that is what imwoukdnsay if you are wanted a comforted that stand alone would match you may not be happy with the contrast from your curtains . i always blend so if you had a throw or pillows it might just b what you want but not if it were to be just your curtains and comforter . i ordered another one different color and had no trouble returning it may be what you might have to do . i do think lighting and wall color change a comforter . 
yes it is . 
well it is , but depending on the lighting and your wall colors the gold fades . i did not want gold , i wanted a tan but it needed to have the hue of yellow in it . when my bedroom is dark it is hold however when there is natural light the go , d is not visible . my walls are tan but with no yellow , my accent colors in the room are chocolate , teal , green , yellow and red . this comforter was on the right border side of gold . 
one.. not really a good price for one.. 
you get 1 smoke per . 
i do n't really know , sorry ! 
you trigger it by the ring on the top which you pull to the side . 
one 
approx . a minute and a half . 
yes 
yes 
yes , i have cooked chicken varying from 5 to 8 pounds just adjust your time . 
yes ! ! ! ! ! a lot of twine . since there 's is only two rods the chicken will move in all kinds of direction if not properly held down 
no , it cleans up very nice and quick . 
product details show product dimensions : 17 x 15.5 x 12 inches ; 17 pounds . i have two slightly different models and this model is at vacation cabin . 
yes 
noise is different to each person ; however i find it to have a normal motor sound which is not that loud . i run mine in an enclosed garage , checking on it periodically . 
what do you mean by rotisserie foods ? it is a rotisserie , so i have cooked fish steaks ( salmon ) , cornish hens , steaks , vegetables ( carrots , zucchini ) . 
hi , it can fit a 15 lb turkey but it would also depend on the shape of the bird , it would be best to limit it to 13 lb . thank you ! 
this juicer does an exceptional job on greens and leafy vegetables 
80 rpm 
yes , i 've made peanut butter and coconut milk coconut cream . 
you risk having you just taste bitter . 
when using ronco slow juicer you must peel certain fruits like oranges , lemons , limes , pineapple skin but also do not run the core of a pineapple through the ronco smart juicer or it will clog up the release flat that ejects the pulp . the ronco juicer does a great job in extracting the juice from fruits and vegetables and even sweet potatoes . 
i am not sure where it is made . i am however fairly certain that it is made in the same factory that makes that omega juicers which in my opinion are the best on the market . 
very large , but not good product 
54 '' long 
im sorry i purchased it thinking it was a shower curtain end up a window so do n't know i never used it 
no , the window curtain alone is $ 22 . 
i thought i purchased the stone bronze shower curtain . can i return it ? 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
not that i am aware of . 
i believe that it is but so far we have had a good run out of ours slicing mainly meats for our small caf . it is heavy easily adjustable and has a good sharpening system 
yes u can , only graduate de blade before cut obviously . 
you should be able to buy the sharping stones from the company that you purchased slicer from , check the tag plate on the bottom and google it 
i 'm thinking about buying this unit.just wondering why you did n't leave a review ? ? ? what is your opion of this slicer ? ? 
the `` wfp14s '' has more attachments , the `` sw '' comes with only a s blade and whipping blade . another difference is that the `` sw '' comes with a flat cover ( easier for storage ) . wfp14s : http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=242 wfp14sw : http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=369 
includes : wfp141 s-blade , wfp146 5 32 '' slicing disc , wfp144 5 32 '' shredding disc , wfp143 5 64 '' grating disc , wfp142 disc stem . this does not have the continuous feed . 
chris , the unit is designed so that the s-blade stays attached to the bowl . this is so you do n't lose the blade when you pour out the contents into another container . i found this very useful when making multiple batches , the blade is easily detached just by pulling up while holding the bowl down . when you place the bowl back onto the drive unit it will require that you give the blade a turn to get the drive flats lined up and the and the bowl to slide down . you also have to make sure that the locking tangs on the motor line up with the slots on the bowl , if they do n't then you can get the bowl to lock in . i hope this helps with any issues that you are experiencing . 
the 14s ( as well as 14sw and 14sc ) has a 1-hp motor , ( not 1 2 hp mentioned in the previous answer to this question ) . 
link to waring product page . the page has manuals in pdf format that you can download . http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=242 
its not hard to clean . i use it everyday and i just throw the parts in the dishwasher and wipe the outside of the motor housing . the 'extra large '' feed shute is bigger than the last one that i had which doesnt tell you much , but it has been sufficient for me , and i use mine at work where we feed about 50 people a day and it does the job very well . im happy with it so far 
yes it will gary , with the right dough hook attachment . this unit is used in a small , commercial restaurant . 
unfortunately , a stainless steel bowl is not available for this food processor at this time . 
it does not come with a dough blade . as i make bread dough in my mixer , i have not attempted to make any in this processor . 
yes , it is . 
it is , it 's pretty much the same as the vitamix but the hole in the top is bigger , i bought it to replace plastic . note , however , do not put the vitamix pusher in , it will be eaten ! 
not in the stainless steel just the bpa free plastic 
all waring containers fit the vitamix unless they changed something that i do n't know of 
yes , it has all of that . 
it works on the vitamix 5200. i do not know if it works on the vitamix 4000 . 
yes , the blade and driven gear is included , as is the rubber cap the second part of your question appears to indicate that your plastic body leaks around the bottom ? - if so , it may be correct that the seal has worn out - 
sorry there is not . at least not one offered by waring . 
the new one that i received is holding up great . 
yep , sure does ... . 
yes it is compatible . thanks . 
no , it goes about 2 3 of the way up the bowl . it can limit how full you can fill the bowl but if it went all the way to the top the attachments would n't fit inside . it 's actually the same bowl as the similar size cuisinart food processor . the main difference is that the motor is stronger and the motor shaft ( where the attachments attach ) is metal and not plastic . 
yes , you could shred a lot of cabbage with this machine . 
yes , the unit is marked `` made in china '' . waring , of torrington , ct , provides the warranty which is 5 years for the motor and two years parts and labor . 
assuming a stable platform and reasonable load i think it would be fine . i have only run mine ten minutes continuously but it was proven to be a very useful and reliable tool . 
no 
not recommended . a mixer is best for cookie dough , bread dough , etc . 
this is a commercial model and should be fine but i have never made hummus in it . usually would use the 1200. blender or champion juicer with blank 
you can get them directly from the reduce website reduceeveryday.com . 
the bottles are about 5.75 inches tall and 2 inches wide . 
no leaking , the caps go on very tightly and securely but i imagine would be difficult for small kids to put back on . 
no 
no 
i always put them in the dishwasher ... . i put the lids in the silverware container . of course i put the bottles on the top rack , and everything has been fine . we have had them for quite a while and i washed them a lot . 
i grabbed one , poured water in it to the neckline and then measured - i would say you can get between 1 1 4 - 1 1 3 cup of liquid in them . they are a great lunch box size , rather than the larger ones and the white base for storage is great ! 
reduce.com you can find caps . 
i have a set of these . the ones i bought are 2.5 inches in diameter , a little smaller than a pop can . 
i do n't see a recycling number stamped on the bottom . what i do see is this ... `` made in china ... patent pending ... dishwasher safe ... 10 oz . 0.29l ... www.reduceeveryday.com . '' so maybe if you went to that website it would give specifics . 
the two we ordered were an aged metal color , not red . 
i am in england and the chair is in nc so i ca n't help you . 
yes they are heavy duty . i have them at my bar in my log cabin and love them . they will probably rust if left outside 
more black , like cast iron 
yes up or down . there is a 5-6 inch difference . 
unfortunately , no , i do not . 
yes i absolutly love them you may have to tighten them periodically ; ) 
these things are soooo small you could probably stack 10 ! each slot will probably only hold 5-6 cds . when i ordered this i thought it was much bigger . if you 're looking for something that will hold more than something the size of a cd , this is not for you . 
per the closetmaid website : inside dimensions of 1 cube : 7.6 in.h x 7.5 in . w x 6 in . d http : store.closetmaid.com webapp wcs stores servlet productdisplay ? catalogid=10051 & storeid=10151 & langid=-1 & top_category=10001 & parent_category_rn=10054 & categoryid=10087 & productid=12004 
yes cd 's will fit and u can hang up on the wall but it does n't come with a back peice . 
it is roughly 2 feet long , 1 1 2 feet high , and6 inches deep.neach square is roughly 8*8. we hung it on the wall above our daughters desk . 
i originally brought it for that purpose and found that it was a little too small to hold novels . 
tiny -- i stacked it on top of 36 '' organizer . each slot holds one pair of shoes . 
what is the exact measurement of each cube ? i do n't want to know what it 's perfect for or something vague like `` it 's a mini one '' i need to know what size drawers to get for this and vague answers does n't help at all thanks . 
it was a long time ago . i would guess 2ft long by 18 '' or so tall and 15 '' wide . 
hi , we dont ship internationally at the moment thanks customer service 
yes , works perfectly well 
we do n't sell just a spare parts . we can check with our supplier if you want to . thnx 
not grease , a disaffected area . 
110 volts 
the grain of the bamboo runs the lengths of the board . it is a good board we use it in our camper all the time . 
maybe 3 lbs . ? do n't really have a way to weigh it . hope this helps . 
no oiling 
maybe 1 16 to 1 8 inch deep but i use the other side . i was looking for a wood board with these dimensions and thickness and this is all i could find . that being said , i like it very much 
i did . i have painted and stacked them into a bookcase . i would suggest a sheet of plywood , cut to fit between the crates to help support book weight . 
yes . they are great crates 
i would n't say so . it 's untreated wood . 
yes it 's a crate all the way around with small gaps . we stacked in various shapes and use as a book shelf . 
we do ship to canada . 
mine are stacked on top iof each other like bookcases-each filled with books and we have had no problems . 
internal length : 16 5 8 '' , internal width : 11 11 16 '' , depth : 9 1 8 '' . these are precise measurements , not knowing how you will use the crates . they are very good quality and nice looking crates . i use two outdoors and one in the house . 
5 yr limited warranty against defects . includes free repair or replacement of any part found to be defective in material or workmanship . 
it is 8 amps . sincerely , steven dealsbydave 
oreck stores carry all parts for this vacuum . however , most filters are completely washable . which one are you looking for ? 
do not buy ! this is very cheap breakable plastic . so far the hose hook , the tool caddy , the pivot thing in the base and other various parts have broke on this thing . i just got it back from a one week stay at oreck for a clog ! worst junk ever ! the repair guy said they already discontinued it . it should be on a recall this thing is so bad 
no . i would n't buy it again to save my life . the entrance from the tube to the containers gets clogged alot . i '' m going to try to sell if for $ 20 at a garage sale . it is terrible . i honestly like the kenmore brand . 
i 'm not sure of exact weight , however , it is heavy to push . the cord is very long , which is very helpful , but adds to the weight . 
it 's around 28 feet long ... .if you 're thinking of purchasing this vacuum cleaner i do not recommend it deception goes away within 6 to 8 months and there 's no filter replacements that can be bought i know they say they can be washed but they 're never the same 
warranty is supposedly for one year . you should bring it to a nearby authorized repair center . good luck . 
not quite sure but it is at least 8-10 feet long . 
was the vacuum discontinued ? i just clicked on the page and it is still for sale . 
measures approx . 12-2 5 '' h x 8-2 5 '' w x 8-6 7 '' l more items from this collection are also available at our anderson inc. store front . 
the opening is about 6 '' wide , plenty big to get your hand in and grab a few cookies . 
it 's burnt orange ... .very pretty ! 
the cookie jsr is 13 '' with the lid amd and about 10 1 2 '' without . 
there is a plastic rim around the base of the top . i still keep baked goods in a large plastic bag and then place it into the jar . it is a beautiful piece . i have n't had it long . sorry i ca n't answer this more clearly . 
my dual and family units turn on after placing them in units following brushing . blue sterilizing light s stay on about 5-6 minutes . 
great question ... the answer is yes . if the head is removable , simply remove the head and place it into the sanitizer . 
my batteries last about a month . i got a value-type pack from monoprice , so they 're not the greatest , but they still last a while . not sure why so many people are having issues , maybe the battery compartment gets wet from splashes or condensation for them ? 
it does not come with any brushes . 
yes 
the item runs on batteries , and does not use electrical outlet current . in other words , there is no electrical cord present . 
the device uses a very small uv emiting incandesant lamp . 
i have had my portable for over a year and i have never had any problems with it . i really love this product . it 's easy to keep clean and it spils right into my purse . 
batteries are not included . the unit requires 2 aaa batteries . 
i am sorry that i do n't have a family size one . i ca n't give you an answer . 
the cord is not retractable . the attachments are metal but i 've never owned a dishwasher so i do n't know whether they are `` friendly '' to one or not . 
8 '' lx6 '' h ( 12 '' ) x4 '' 
hi ! thank you for your note . yes it is ! you can go ahead an purchase it , even though it is black , and we will send you a white one . please let us know what you would like to do . thanks again , caren 
6-7 '' 
1-3 pounds . it 's nice and light and really worth the money . 
i had great luck with the blender . i love the different attachments and the power boost button . as long as you use a deep enough bowl it works great . i have n't had any problem with splattering anything . i do n't use my big blender much anymore . i would give it a 5 star rating 
120 volts 
yes , all three attachments were included . 
no it does n't . the beaters do not do a good job when needing butter , sugar or eggs creamed . leaves chunky particles . i purchased because i thought this would be worth a try . love the case , that has 2 beaters and a whip beater but disappointed in beating capabilities . my cheap old timers beaters on conventional mixer does better . i 'm a very busy baker . 
no it is not cordless but works great no problems 
yes , i have fried fresh fish in it . depending on crisp you want it you may want to cook a little longer than the directions say . use peanut oil in the spray bottle to spay on the fish and when you turn them over half way thru cooking spray the other side a little . worked for me 
everything you mentioned is exactly right . 
110v , i can use in usa . 
not a regular size pizza . maybe a smaller personal pan size . i use my oven regularly and love it . 
i 'm not sure 
oils can be used like a spray to make things like blintzers brown better but not required . 
it plugs into a regular 120v receptical . max power used is 1300 watts . that means maximum amps used is under 11 amps . circuit breakers are usually 15 amps , so do n't use on the same line and time with a microwave . 
i have only tried chicken and i would say no it does not fry just as good . you have to be careful not to over cook and you ca n't really put too much meat in at once for the best results . it does taste fine though so it is worth buying . 
no flour am using my oilers fryer 
i do n't know . 
i do n't think making fries from scratch would turn out too well in this product . it 's possible , if you spray oil or butter spray on the potatoes . i cook store bought frozen fries without oil in it , and it tastes good , but not as good if they were really fried . my big boss works great . it does n't make food taste as good as fried , but it 's still worth it , in my opinion . 
yes it does . i bought this a few months ago , and i love it ! ! the ring makes it a lot larger , you can cook a turkey in it ! 
it definitely comes with some recipes and general cooking time suggestions . we 've tried a few and they are usually right on the money or close . for example , i increase the amount of time i cook bacon because i like it really crispy . 
no . however , if any circuit has multiple devices which collectively cause it to pull more amps than it is rated for , it could trip the breaker ( or blow the fuse ) . 
yes 
yes 
not sure , but i would never consider cooking a turkey in it . a turkey breast would fit , but the machine is a big waste of money . 
awesome ! ! 
1. be sure that it is plugged in . 2. the timer and temperature controls must be set . 3. the handle for the top must be down - all of the way down . if running , when you lift the handle , the unit shuts off , put it all of the way down , and it starts up again . 
nope , came out soggy . 
maybe 2 inches at the widest . 
no , this knife does not come with a stand . subsequently , i bought a shun knife block . if you look closely at the knife you will see that the bolster is curved and extends forward from the plane of the heel by about 1 4 inch . this prevents the knife from seating completely in the knife block because the slots are too narrow to accompany the bolster . it 's not a huge problem but you need to be aware of a bit of this very , very sharp knife sticking out of the slot when reaching for other knives . finally , shun ships their knives in a strong box and securely protected with a cardboard pad . 
it probably can ( vg-10 steel is great ) , but you should look into purchasing a whet stone . i got a 1,000 6,000 from shun that works great . 
i use a tormek wet grinder . or , use the shun stones and be mindful of the blade angle and take your time . 
it is double bevel cut . so it should work that way . i 'm left handed too . bread knives and boning knives are where you have to worry most . the blade states it is solid vg10 steel which is stainless steel and is supposed to be very good . my only complaint with the knife is that it tends to stick when cutting thru stuff due to the thickness of the blade . it 's very comfortable in your hand though . 
there is nothing in the way the handle is constructed to limit it to right handed use . i have tried using left and right hand and see no difference in the feel or use 
japan 
the rockwell scale is a hardness scale based on indentation hardness of a material . the rockwell test determines the hardness by measuring the depth of penetration of an indenter under a large load compared to the penetration made by a preload . [ 1 ] there are different scales , denoted by a single letter , that use different loads or indenters . the result is a dimensionless number noted as hra , where a is the scale letter . when testing metals , indentation hardness correlates linearly with tensile strength . [ 2 ] this important relation permits economically important nondestructive testing of bulk metal deliveries with lightweight , even portable equipment , such as hand-held rockwell hardness testers . [ citation needed ] 3 scales and values 
carving knife , chef 's knife , serrated knife , boning knife , two sizes of paring knives 
easy clean up . you need to clean by hand regardless as you will destroy the wooden handles if you put them in the dish wash. a little soap and water and it comes right off . 
yes , these knives are ambidextrous . 
well , i think so . i measured the standard shears and the blade is about 5 in deep . the handle is 4 in in lenght . the total lenght is about 9 in . 
yes , limited lifetime warranty i believe . 
we installed it recessed . looks beautiful ! 
sorry - all i know is i ordered 2 different ones from amazon and had to return them both due the dimensions being incorrect on the website . i called amazon to verify the 2nd purchase size , and it was still wrong ( the outside orientations of l x w ) . i would check out the actual jensen website , call them to get the part number of what you need ( or order from them directly ) 
yes , they do . the hinges in the photo are also accurate . 
the cabinet is 30 '' wide ( horizontal measure ) and 24 '' high ( vertical measure ) if the mounting side is measured . if the mirrored surface is measured , the measurements are 30 '' and 25 '' respectively because the mirror protrudes out 1 2 '' on either side . 
30 inches 
fixed shelves - all melamine covered 3 4 inch wood mdf - like ikea furniture . not metal . 
height.. is 24 1 2 inches with glass door open . 26 inches with glass door closed . wide..29 inches with glass door open . 30 inches with glass door closed . depth ... 4 inches with glass door open . 5 inches with glass door closed . excellent product ... loved how they shipped it . very secure . well worth the shipping charge . very sturdy piece . place a mirror on opposite wall , adjust side mirrors and you can see angles of your head and back . 
hi , there are two shelves , but they are sturdy plastic , not glass . they are maybe 1 8 inch thick with a 1 4 inch lip on the front . they are adjustable , you can make them any height . it 's a very nice cabinet and comes well packaged . 
no , it 's not that deep , just bottles of medicine , mouthwash , first aid type stuff . 
it is reversible . 
the bottom plus 2 inserts made of hard , clear plastic . 
there is nothing showing but the mirror . the cabinet is recessed into the wall . 
yes 
not really . i guess you could drill holes in the back of the `` box '' and mount it that way , but it is not designed for that . 
there is no frame to it , just mirror . the actual size of the mirror is 27 long x 18 wide . 
two light - weight plastic shelves ( adjustable ) ... so that makes 3 shelves cause you use the bottom as a shelve also . one , very nice heavy-duty mirror . 
pretty sure it 's reversible , left or right . 
the product description enumerates the total number of pieces , i was simply describing my pleasure with this product . however , there are 12 each forks , salad forks , knives , steak knives , soup spoons , teaspoons , long-handled tea spoons and 7 serving pieces including large fork , large spoon , large slotted spoon , tongs , butter knife , ladle and sugar spoon . 
absolutely ... 
i have to strongly dissuade you . i was forced to return my set with such lowered expectations that i am no longer considering reed & barton . i opened the first piece and there was a ugly swirling scratch across the bowl of the iced teaspoon . i opened a second piece -- a regular teaspoon -- and the end and one side of the bowl were sharp enough that i believe i could have cut my finger , let alone mouth , on it . most dinner knives are less sharp . obviously unacceptable and i returned . the seller was lovely about the return however . as far as your actual question -- the pieces are stated to be 18 10 -- however given the overall quality of these and other made in china products you would have to ask yourself the level of trust you place in the labeling . 
no the silverware has no marking saying `` made in china . '' it says `` reed and barton 18 10 stainless steel . '' 
they are not made in the united states as reed & barton products used to be , they are produced in `` china '' . that said , the set is very elegant and of medium weight . i receive lots of compliments on the design and the flatware is reasonably priced . i like it very much . hope this helps . 
it is silver plated . it appears to be a thick silver plate as it does not wear off or spot after repeated washings . i am very happy with the set of reed and barton flatware . 
not sure but since they are stainless steel , i did n't think it was an issue . 
yes , it 's the perfect color white too . it 's bright but not overwhelming or fake looking . 
not unless there 's something uneven you will see , like peeling varnish . just clean them . 
everything you need is in the kit . it has the paint , roller sleeves and handle . i bought a paint tray and sandpaper myself . i got the entire kitchen done in a whole morning ( with one coffee break ) and it looks as good today ( i did it last year ) . they wipe down easily with a damp cloth sponge . its clean , fresh and you do not need a protective coating on it . it goes on easily , dries quickly and you are all set ! i also bought the other countertop marble kit and did mine in black marble effect and that kit had the heat proof top coating which is fantastic and has stood up well to hot pants and pots etc . you ca n't go wrong with this kit - saves you a stack of $ $ $ on getting someone into to do it for you , gives you a real sense of achievement doing it yourself and refreshes your units to save you switching out an old kitchen ! if you do your countertops too , you end up looking like you got in a new kitchen ! ! i 'm chuffed with mine to this day ! 
yes , this is the closest to pure white i have found . it has more of a grayish tint- bright white vs. a warm white tellow . i only notice the difference because my cabinets were already white , and i can tell the subtle difference between my old paint ( t was a white with yellow ) 
we never ended up using it sorry ! 
i have used it in a trailer to go from oak to white . it is semi-gloss , if you use a roller . more gloss if you use a brush . it 's water based , so yes water clean up , but clean as soon as you can . if it dryers it 's hard to get it off . 
there are several colors to choose from i liked the bombay black to go with my nuvo titainium white cabinet paint.looks great go to gianti.com for more informatiom . hope this helped . 
it gives a more real cabinet finish as opposed to regular semi gloss paint and does not require a primer . if you use regular paint ( semi-gloss ) you must prime first ! good luck ! 
the item is a paint kit to paint your kitchen cabinets . not a cabinet 
i 'm not sure , but the roller they send is not any good , its more of a slider . the cabinets i painted were small and a brush worked just fine for me as well as enhanced the wood grain beneath . it did seem pretty thin and may work well thru a commercial sprayer . the coverage is very good . good luck . 
it has a nice shine to it , i looked on my can of paint and it just says acrylic paint . but it 's not real shiny that if you scratched it it would show up . it has just the right finish to it . but remember to keep extra paint on hand if you do buy this product because there will be some touching up . i hope this helps . dee 
hi - i just washed them down and it worked . 
this product is much smother than even a gloss and has a thicker consistency . 
i think so . i used it on kitchen cabinet doors and wardrobes . 
i do n't know about wall paint , my cabinets were stained with glossy finish , i used tsp and then wiped down with windex and my cabinets came out looking brand new . 
the applied color is nearly black , with a hint of brown . 
it has held up very well for me . i painted my kitchen cabinets last fall and have been very happy with the product . they get wiped down often with 3 kids at home ! 
the paint is really thick . you could test it to see if it works , but i would n't recommend thinning it out . the thickness helps cover any flaws on cabinets . 
it 's not furniture , it is cabinet paint 
it works on everything ! it 's great stuff ! ! 
very thin and suction cups do not hold very well . 
yes it fits great 
very easy i place mine in the washer on a gentle cycle with a little soap and bleach . let air dry and your good to go . 
ok folks - since the mfg has never heard of a technical writer , i will explain in plain english . unlike what the mfg says , you do not hold back the black conical end of the attachment that inserts into the body . this part is the part that separates from the body . so , just get a thinner-ended pair of scissors that will fit in the little 1mm or so gap and pop it off . it 's pretty snug , but if you do it equilaterally , it will be fine . just give it a few small , quick pops to break the friction then pop off like a cork . i hope this helps you frustrated geeks like myself who want to try the other attachments asap ! best , mike @ mikessauces dot com . 
i have used it daily for frothing my milk and have had it less than a year . although it worked well and appeared well made the push button on top died a few months ago and the unit itself just died and will no longer turn on ( i had to use a screw driver across batteries to make it work ) . it has not even lasted a year . i would not buy another one . 
nope 
hi , it is excellent for making cappuccinos . you need to froth the milk separately and then put in coffee . it helps to heat the milk for 45 seconds first . batteries that come with it so not last long so i bought rechargeable samsung which work beautifully . 
you have to pull on the stem away from the body ( straight out ) , it 's in there pretty snug . i suppose frequent changing of heads could wear it out . but i just use it to froth , do n't see it happening to me in the near future . its a pretty decent product , i just find that the frothing heads are out of balance 
not quite powerful enough . it struggles with whipping egg whites for example . it 's definitely a milk frother . 
we 've been using it for a month , so far so good . the frothed milk is not as using a real hot steam frother but it works for the price and faster ways . 
it comes with one pre-attached ; it was put on too tight and broke while i was trying to remove it . i had to pry the body apart and use pliers to remove the broken piece . luckily it came with another frother ; it and the propeller are functional . the whisk , not so much . 
well easy . just removed the one and put the other . 
yes , there 's a 1 year warranty . 
blades are 3 , 4 1 2 , and 6 inches . i measured them . 
no they did not come in a carrying case 
no they do not - i would agree with you though . 
yes they can .. i never had a problem with them in the dishwasher 
they seem very sturdy to me . they have a good feel to them when you use them . it is as if you are using a high quality metal knife , just sharper . i do wash them by hand and use them daily . hope this helps ... 
i dont ... just hand wasg them 
i do n't think you can sharpen these knives manually or else it will void the warranty . 
the `` dull '' feel may be a bit misleading . no , it 's not like a razorblade ( thank god ) , but i think they are sharp enough . try to slant the blade , e.g . cut tomatoes et al at a slight angle . or prick the tomato with the tip of the knife and then slice . 
3 , 5 and 6 inches respectively . 
as far as i can tell there is no metal in the blades . it appears that way in the photos because of the way the light is shining on them . i took mine out and looked at them and the blades are entirely the black ceramic color . hope this helps : ) 
no unfortunately not 
no weights or snaps.. i bought comforter clips ( i think that was the name ) at another store and they work well . 
absolutely ! it will look like a white comforter . ( no different than what some hotels do ) . i actually do n't have a duvet cover on mine . i have a quilt over part of mine . best wishes . 
yes . the system powers up quickly , providing steam within a minute . when turned off , the steam stops flowing within seconds . 
all you need is a converter and it will work fine 
no ; while the steamer does an excellent job of removing wrinkles it will not replace an iron , depending on how fussy you are . the wrinkles will be definitely out , but the look of a pressed shirt or blouse can not be duplicated because there is no pressure applied to the fabric by the steamer . i do know of people who use the steamer over an iron , but if you prefer a look that is similar to a commercial laundry you will be disappointed . 
about 54 inches . 
no . it 's all plastic , with a foam rubber grip . 
years ! 
look at the description of both to compare . i am thrilled with the 9200. call them if you 're not sure . 
i just measured and the handle is the widest part at almost 39 inches . i hope that helps you . 
about 5 1 2 feet . the extension adds another 15 inches . 
1550w 
works just fine . i 've even run it through the dishwasher and it still works . a little water on the rubber and pressure for suction as you move the lever and it works well . 
the clamp works much better for me because i use mine out in the garage and the table is a rough surface , the vacuum clamp will not work unless you have a flat smooth surface , hope this helps you , i love apple peeler , i did over 5 huge buckets in no time at all , best invention since apple pie , sorry had to add that 
china 
made in china 
not sure what `` lever '' you are referring to . is it the blade that slices the apple fruit , or is it the blade that peals the skin off the apple fruit ? if it is the lever that has the `` spring '' on it that you can lock away the blade that peals the apple . i 'll take a look at mine and figure out what or how to repair it . 
bottom of legs are approximately 14 1 2 '' deep by 17 1 2 '' wide . the legs narrow until they reach the seat . it would seem like 11 '' inches under the counter would be just fine . i have 11 3 4 '' inches under the counter and the stools look great . these are great stools . hope this helps . 
it is pretty close , more of a red tint , than a golden tint ... if that makes sense . we like ours a lot . 
i weigh 280 and have no problems with them . however i did use a high quality glue when i assembled them . 
i believe the stool could be ordered in two sizes - 24 '' & 29 '' . we bought the stools for our cabin and are very well satisfied with them . would highly recommend them to anyone . 
no markings 
hello , thanks for posting your question . i see that this set of stools are available for purchase from several different sellers . because the shipping depends on the seller you choose to purchase this set from , i 'd suggest contacting the seller directly . to do this , go to the seller 's storefront page and click on `` contact the seller '' in the bottom right-hand corner of the page . if you would like to view their shipping information , just go to the listing and click on `` domestic shipping rates '' below the seller 's name . i hope this is helpful ! 
mine came with 2 for each side and 1 for each front back of stool ... making 6 total . 
b004xoas1a b004x7ifqw these are the amazon asin numbers for our black saddle stools 
the frother has 2 levels marked on the interior of the pitcher . the min line is for heating the milk only . to heat the milk remove the spring whisk head and fill to the min line . to froth the milk keep the spring whisk head in and fill the milk to the max line . i do it both ways but prefer to leave the spring whisk in since i love a frothy coffee drink . 
sorry to say that there is something definitely wrong with the frother . it should heat the milk at the same time it is aerating it . just pushing the button should initiate the heating element . 
the lifstyl frother works well with most non-dairy substitutes including soy , rice and almond milk . i have not tried hemp milk which several users have reported works well too . please let me know if there 's anything else we can help you with . 
yes it is very easy to clean and there is one small attachment that comes off . it is also very quiet and you can add any combination to make a froth . 
yes , but you may have to use a few of the coffee pellets to get to a full cup . 
negative ... .you can only use expresso pods and order them via phone inter-net once you set up your account . they have a wide variety of excellent coffees and average price is between .70 - .75 cents . we have both keurig and deloghi machines . once last comment . when you order new coffee , you 'll have it within two days , so plan ahead . 
110 
and very good ones 
no 
12 '' l x 6.5'w x 9 '' h and love love love it ! 
110vac - 60 hz 
39 and 3 4 inches 
widest part to widest part , it 's about 40.5 '' wide 
it extends all the way out , however you have to be careful not 100 % stable , so it comes off the track . its a very nice desk and i am pleased , just not as stable as i would have liked it to be . 
mine fits but sticks beyond the desk on the left side , i use a 26 '' flat screen tv for my monitor ! ! ! 
if you go to http : www.sauder.com beginnings office-computer computer-desks 414163.aspx and click on the picture of the desk with the dimensions , i think you will find the dimensions you need . the front of the printer shelf measures about 16.25 inches . 
it measures 9 1 2 '' x 27 '' . ' 
copy and paste this address in your browser bar : http : www.sauder.com beginnings office-computer computer-desks 414163.aspx and hit enter . then click on the picture of the desk with the dimensions , i think you will find the dimensions you need . the front of the printer shelf measures about 16.25 inches . 
i used mine for my girls ' art supplies -- crayons , brushes , scissors . they 've never bent , then again the contents are all pretty light , though . sorry , i 'm sure that 's not much help . i say try it and be on the lookout ? good luck : ) 
yes they are strong ! i have 6 pots and pans hanging from one steel rail . love them ! 
if you really truly trust command strips with whatever you plan to hang on these ... there are two screws in each end to secure to the wall ... i rather think the screws would do less damage to your wall should you want to take it down and move it for any reason ... my only experience with command strips was disastrous to the wall ( and i ca n't imagine it looking good to have that under the base pieces ? ) ... and since only the rim would be afixed to the command strips ... i recommend the screws ... but you could always try it ... and after the disaster then you could use the screws : o ) good luck ! ! ! 
if you hang it from underneath your upper cabinets , yes . not if you hang it from the wall as pictured 
it 's made of stainless steel with a clear coating over top of it that is baked on at about 750 degrees f. in a highly humid area or one where its getting wet a lot , after about a year you may see it start to get a very light white film on it . i 've had mine in my kitchen in a non-humid area for over a year now and its got nothing on it at all . i doubt that it ever will . but , even if it does , you can easily clean it off with one or two strokes of a rag dipped in some polish or cleaner . the hooks are the same way accept their just stainless steel without the coating over it . 
it came with screws , as i recall 
definitely ! they are quite strong ! 
nope ! 
2 '' 
approximately 3 8 '' 
pretty smooth on one side and textured on the other . 
no sarcasm . for some reason they ship a complementary earbud holder . i also fail to see the connection but it is a nice little device to keep your earbuds from getting too tangled . only flat ear buds will fit . pot holders are great so i would n't let the earbud thing make or break the deal . 
they are very thin , but they do their job ! one side has raised designs on it , while the other side has little indentations that form the opposite side 's raised design . when i use as a `` coaster '' , i place the raised side down for a better grip on the table and also so my glass sits smoothly on the `` up '' side . i also put the raised side down when using as a trivet on the counter or dining table . when using as a pot holder , i place my hands on the raised side for a good grip . these really were a great buy for me and they have come in so handy . great to open jars too ! 
i have not used them in the microwave , but my husband says that they are dishwasher , oven , freezer , and microwave proof . upon checking , all sellers of silicone kitchen products claim they are microwaveable . i guess if i were to try that , i would start slowly at first and stay close to keep an eye out . but it sounds like it is safe . 
i have never tried it on the stove , but these have been heat resistant under all circumstances , and are supposed to be good up to four hundred degrees . 
you can use them to pull items from the oven : ) or as a trivet . 
as long as it is made by debs , they have the soap cartridges that fit . we do sell them as well if you want to contact us . 
the soap is a plastic cartridge with nozzle . 
green foam soap . comes 6 1ltr to case . case price 58.50. thank you 
it comes with mounting screws and lags as well as double face tape . thanks , rsa 
thread count is not more than 300 i would guess ( not real cheap but not real expensive ) ! ! these sheets do wash well . a good buy for the money ! 
it is light red , dark blue and white . 
blue and pink also keep in mind the material is cotton poly . i found it very uncomfortable and have disposed of the sheets 
in original package and does n't say , sorry 
standard . 
they do match the port elizabeth blue comforter ! 
39 '' x 85 '' is an xl twin sheet dimension . xl twin is typically 5 '' longer in length than a standard twin . 
yes they are , 15 '' 
we took it to my son 's dorm . it was deep , but i do n't think it was 17 '' or more . sorry , i ca n't check it . 
yes 
yes 
i would assume so but i ca n't guarantee it . i ordered this item and it came to me broken and never got to actually use it . i never ordered another one . 
i have no idea , i never got to use the one i ordered because it was broke . when i received it . 
i do not have a mr. coffee bvmc-k65 series , sorry could n't help . 
you could put tea in the filter but it will not steep your tea . it would make basically just make pretty weak tea . i ues the keurig without any cup or filter to quickly make hot water and then put a tea bag in my cup . or loose tea with a steeper . 
definitely yes . it was made for the keurig series . easy to use and glad i purchased it . enjoy your own special blends . 
yes it will . get tea filters for coffee brewers to make it even more convenient . however , tear of the top flap before brewing . 
hello , this unfortunately will not fit . thank you 
yes it is a genuine keurig my k-cup holder and filter . my keurig is a k75 and it works great . 
costco and home 's good are the main carrier . 
they are all new in unopened bix 
i am not sure . i have never done this . i have never had any lint problem with them from any type clothing , but have never gotten them wet . i have three full closets of them ( 5 boxes ) and love the way they look . they are sturdy enough for blazers . sorry to not be more help . 
yes they do 
the harp on the back of the glass is embossed , the guinness logo and the gold harp are printed on the glass . they are exactly like the ones in which guinness was served in every pub in england , iceland and norway that i visited this past summer . 
yes . 
when poured perfectly , the 14.9 oz guinness draught will leave 1 2 - 3 4 inch of space at the top of the glass . 
they are 6.75 inches tall 
yes , they are fine in dishwasher . great glasses 
unfortunately , no . i have seen the `` brewed in dublin '' on the older tulip glasses but these newer shaped tulip glasses do not . they have an embossed trademark harp on one side and a gold trademark harp with the established date 1759 and bold guinness on the other . very beautiful design . 
i do n't use a dish washer so i do n't know for sure . bars use them so i assume they are dish washer safe . thick glass and high quality glasses . 
yes it is . 
no 
i have owned my gtech over a year and have never had a problem with the battery ... always quick and easy to use 
hello , the airram takes 4 hours to fully charge when the battery is completely out of charge . the 4 led lights on the front of the airram indicate the amount of charge it has . while the airram is charging the led light will light up accordingly . if all 4 lights are on then the airram is fully charged . if it needs to be charged 1 blinking red light will appear . you can charge the battery while it is inside of the airram or while it is outside of the airram . it will still charge at the same rate . best regards , leo gtech customer service 
yes it seems to clean everything well , although you have to lift it up the stairs . only issue is to avoid fringes on edges of oriental rugs , it likes to get wound in them ... . 
so far so good . have lots of sand , dust and fur and have n't killed it yet . have 9 dogs that can go in or out thru doggy door and live on a farm so have lots of mud . do n't vac as often as i should so when i do it is very much in need of a good vac . like the fact that it fits in my small bedroom and no cord . 
i have not compared the gtech to the hoover , but i will say that the gtech is the best vacuum cleaner that we have ever used ! we love it and have retired out current hoover canister vac . this gtech is so convenient : cordless , light weight , amazing vac power and so easy to clean . i highly recommend it . bob 
the pads are probably available from gtech . i do n't foresee needing a second set . they rinse nicely in the sink 
unfortunately , there are no attachments because they would n't work on a sweeper such as this . attachments require suction , to pull debris out of crevices , off fabrics , etc . this cleaner does n't use suction , it brushes up debris and compacts it -- and the brushes must be in direct contact with the surface being cleaned . i use a crevice , brush and fabric attachment often and have kept my regular vacuum for that purpose . 
not at all ! very powerful ! i love it ! i 'm getting a second one for the upstairs ! 
no , this is a floor model 
it works equally well on all surfaces . it does not get closer walls than an traditional vaccum . 
ultimate is 28cm long ( 11.01 inches ) and 4.9cm ( 1.92 inches ) wide at the blade . it feels like a `` normal '' sized spatula ; ) 
it is firm right up to the hole . the hole itself is flexible . the handle does not bend much , maybe a little as it gets thinner towards the blade . 
mine is pink , but no problems with stains . 
packaging indicates it is manufactured in china 
finish is very smooth but not glossy like the rubber spatulas . not at all grainy . 
i have no idea what is inside . i bought it because it is made in one piece and does n't separate from the handle . i would n't put this in the microwave ... too pricey ! love it ! 
once the order has been placed ... you can then send the seller an email message and attach the file through that email . this is the best way to send a file . 
yes , it will work just fine . they do really good with converting standard size images to a bigger canvas , but the better the picture the better it will turn out . i was really happy with the way mine turned out . i used a picture that was a little fuzzy and the canvas looked a little fuzzy like the picture , but the quality was great besides that . 
dear customer , you can definitely print a collage . please follow the link and also check our other listings on our amazon.com shop for collage . this is one of the product listed on our shop . http : www.amazon.com personalized-collage-printed-framed-canvas dp b00ltlc7za ref=aag_m_pw_dp ? ie=utf8 & m=a3pu9puf5x48aw thanks , canvas champ 
its a canvas photo . i would n't unless it was framed with glass . i do n't know what water or steam would do to the canvas 
dear customer , while purchasing the order for the normal listing of 20 x 16 canvas , you will need to purchase this link to ensure you have bought the upgrade thickness to 1.50 '' inches . the listing has been priced in a manner to abide by the amazon guidelines . http : www.amazon.com canvas-champ-size-upgrade dp b00n4o59w8 thanks , canvas champ 
hello , asking this question could get you into trouble since file size is not a determination of your image quality . see below for the reasons but my recommendation would be a minimum 2 megapixel image ( the higher the resolution the better and more important ) with a file size compressed from the original as little as you can 2mpixel probably 1mb or larger . open the image on your computer zoom it up and view it onscreen at about the 16*20 that the canvas will be . if you are happy with that , send the image . lastly make sure your pixel ratio is 16x20 so you get what you expect when it is printed and the part you wanted is not cropped off . the smallest and largest files i have sent are a 1500 x 1949 pixel image ( compressed to 570kb ) and a 3287 x 2188 pixel image ( compressed to 4.03mb ) both look great however i can tell a difference . the 570kb file had too much compression on the jpeg . in raw terms , file size should equal ( width in pixels ) x ( height in pixels ) x 3 bytes per pixel . lets take the case of a 3-megapixel image , 1900 pixels * 1600 pixels = 3.04 megapixels * 3 bytes = 9.12 megabytes uncompressed . this file is typically compressed and can be over 10:1 compression resulting in 900 kbytes and a picture which looses color chroma and has artifacts . so i should just use more than 9 megabytes right ? not really because a 90 megabyte image compressed to 9 megabytes will have the same chroma and artifact issue which you will not like hanging on the wall . hope it helps . if you have read this far , my experience was with canvas champ which was awesome . 
dear customer , we will print it in any orientation you specify . there would n't be any extra charge for the same . thanks , canvas champ 
dear customer , we can process the size requested by you . the price for 24 '' x 30 '' with 1.5 '' stretcher would be $ 64.19 + standard shipping $ 7.95 , which comes to $ 72.14 piece . thanks , canvas champ 
hello michele , there is an additional charge of $ 5 for which you will need to contact us via message . thanks , canvas champ 
illysa thanks for your inquiry . the use of compostable bags is purely up to choice . some of our customers like to use the compostable 3 gallon bags because it keeps cleanup of the compost bucket to a minimum . the compost bucket easily slides off the kitchen compost caddy rack for emptying . it is securely held in place both at the back and fully on the bottom of the bucket . people love the rack because it gets the compost bucket off the kitchen counter , and having the ability to lock the lid open with the latch on the compost caddy frees up your hands to hold your plate with one hand and scrape food scraps with the other . or while your prepping your meal the lid can be locked open enabling you to throw all your food waste into the bin without worry of the lid falling closed . people absolutely love our product and i am sure you will also . thanks again jeff evans kitchen compost caddy 
hello flora . the dimensions of are 12 '' wide x 9 '' deep x 8-1 2 '' tall . if you look at our cabinet mounted rack system that we offer here on amazon that enables you to mount our kitchen compost caddy vented compost bucket to the interior of your cabinet door , i show complete engineering drawings on the images that completely detail both the vented compost bucket and rack system dimensions . to find them just look up kitchen compost caddy under sink mounted compost system . thanks and feel free to contact us with any further questions . 
it 's tight enough to keep out fruit flies and odor but not air tight . 
it 's paper but it 's on very good . i got mine last summer and it is still on . 
it is about a gallon . works great ! 
not sure . have had mine for 3 months and it is doing fine . no smells . be sure to `` click '' the top closed to eliminate fruit flys . 
do not know , but i really like the fact that all i have to do is open my cabinet door and empty my cutting board . has worked great for us . 
you can use without the bags , but it is a whole lot easier to manage , dump and keep clean if you do use them . i 've done it both ways with all of my compost bins ( i also have smaller ceramic crock ) , and i far prefer to use the bags . 
i did not have fruit flies but the charcoal pad that was magnetically attached to the underside of the lid did not stay in place . i no longer use this item . 
hello michael . sorry for the delay getting back to you . the vented compost bucket actually has a double seal around all edges both on the interior and exterior . also the compost bucket is vented with a activated charcoal filter mounted to the lid interior covering the vented holes . the vents allow the moisture and heat that comes from the food as it sits in the container to vent first through the charcoal filter ( absorbing odors ) then through the vents on the lid . they both work fantastic together to keep moisture to a minimum in the bucket , and also minimize odors from coming into your kitchen . 
yes , it 's actually a little big . it 's very nice , give a small room like i use in my house a little flash . you wo n't be disappointed 
poly fill 
my daughter described the colors this way - light med gray , steel blue . subdued dandelion yellow . 
no 
its grey background , burgundy and maroon brownish 
the reverse side is the same darker brown as is on the top . 
you can machine wash : ) 
it definitely looks brown in person . does n't even look maroon . 
hi ! i would make it on grey , the duvet has a lot more grey color than white . regards ! 
no 
i have a very thick mattress and it covers it . it does n't cover the box spring but it does cover the mattress nicely . i did a quick tape measurer and it is approx . 7 ft by 7 ft. i hope this helps . i love the cover . it is a yellow green which i think is a nice deep color . 
i bought it , but promptly returned it . the colors were too bright for what i wanted ( and more blue and bright yellow than the picture represents ) . sorry , i ca n't answer that question for you . 
no thread count mentioned on the packaging . 
hi lora , the interior is not not non-stick but it cleans up extremely easy . sandy , owner best kitchen products http : www.amazon.com fagor-america-670041770-technology-digital dp b00bjwwwmw ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a3nnj3mr0fi6ow & s=merchant-items & ie=utf8 & qid=1382497308 & sr=1-1 & keywords=fagor+670041770+dual+technology+digital+toaster+oven 
yes 
no,9x12 is okay . 
five is too big.better if you use 4 . 
mine was made in china . it is a wonderful oven and i 'm completely pleased with it . 
that is too funny . spain it is a great oven . we love it . 
yes . i ordered replacement parts directly from the fagor web site . not very expensive either . 
i did not read anywhere in the instructions that the beeper can be turned off so no i do n't think you can . however , its not as loud as some said it was and it only beeps like 5 times and then its off . 
yes it does 
yes it will do 6 muffins & toast comes out good . 
hello , i am sorry but the manufacturer is not sure how much tilt it can have . we do apologize . thanks 
hi mjohnson ! thank you for your inquiry ! overall height : 20.75 - 31.25 '' h aiste bisonoffice 
hi yrral ! thank you for your inquiry ! the overall height is 20.75 - 31.25. bisonoffice 
each desk is 39.25 w x 23.5 d x 29h . the connector would extend each desk by the depth of 23.5 so the two desks would be 62.75 x 62.75. the 33.375 would be the diagonal of the corner unit from the wall as the item is curved . 
i think it would probably be a bit too small for that . i have a full-sized keyboard ( including numeric keypad ) and a logitech trackball-type controller , and there 's plenty of room for that , but i know i could not fit a typical mouse pad on there . 
it has a criss cross cherry finished leg design & black powder coated frame finish 
it 's been a while but that sounds about right - it was fairly awkward for one person to handle and you may need a hand truck to move it around easily . of course , you can always unpack it and carry the pieces separately . the unit is quite well thought out and very sturdy - particularly at that price point . 
yes , but how you assemble the desk determines which side of the desk allows for the mounting of the keyboard tray . for instance , the crossbars that support the glass top that have holes to mount the keyboard tray . these crossbars can be used for the assembly of the left or right side of the desk . thus , you can determine what side of the desk has the keyboard tray , but it is all about how to assemble the desk . 
i was told by a few different sellers you could , but i have to tell you the instructions are difficult at best . you really need to have your thinking cap on to reverse the corner pieces properly . hope the others seller were correct . good luck ! its really a nice desk . 
there are three pieces . if you include the corner piece and one side piece the length is 59 '' . 
depending on the size of the chairs . i would get the measurements and see if it would . 
if you 're referring to the corner glass panel then yes . 
yes 
overall width : 39.375 '' w overall depth : 23.563 '' d overall height : 29.5 '' h pull-out keyboard : 23.625 '' w x 12.375 '' d 
i 'm pretty sure that include all the packaging etc . lots of protection for the glass etc . 
it measures 12 '' deep and just about 36 '' wide . i noted in my review that it took me a bit to get used to it cause it does n't come as far out as i would like as i have a large keyboard and large hands . but once i got used to it i have no problem working on it . 
it 's about 25 inches from the floor . 
the height from the floor to the glass is around 29.9 inches or 759.46 mm . 
i also have an all in one and a printer on the desk top . it is holding well.i love my desk 
hi cathy ! overall width : 39.375 '' w overall depth : 23.563 '' d overall height : 29.5 '' h weight capacity : 165 lbs . pull-out keyboard : 23.625 '' w x 12.375 '' d let me know if i can assist you with anything else . aiste bisonoffice 
sorry , no . its not possible . 
i did n't put the keyboard tray on at all ( you do n't have to ) and the basic surface is almost 2 feet ( actually 1 ' 11.5 '' ) deep and 3 ' 3.5 '' wide ( including the black 1.5 '' edging ) . so the actual glass is about 3 ' wide . 
28 and 3 4 inches . 
39.5 '' w , 24 '' d x 29.5 '' h 
we found that the wood color in the photo closely matches the actual desk . it is a great desk . 
no 
no . 
for the single unit , the dimensions are 23 3 4inches x 39 1 4 inches . i do n't have the `` l '' shaped unit , but if it 's simply a matter of combining two single units ( i 'm not sure it is ) , then the `` total '' length would be 63 inches -- though i 'd allow another inch or so since the units never seem to fit together perfectly . 
i had to switch the screws with the rounded heads that are listed for the set of flat head screws that are needed in the last step . then used those on the bottom of the keyboard tray at the end . 
yes easily 
overall width : 46.812 '' w overall depth : 23.625 '' d overall height : 34.812 '' h 
includes all hardware . except for hammer and screwdriver 
overall width : 46.812 '' w overall depth : 23.625 '' d overall height : 34.812 '' h 
34.812 is the overall height of the item . it ca n't be folded 
i just received a box of these bowls are at least two of the bottom bowls are shattered . i attribute this to amazon putting way too much faith in ups delivery workers . first , both boxes i received today had been opened . there was no attempt to hide this , either . the tape was crumpled and pulled aside so that only the sides and bottom of the box was sealed . i have received damaged goods i damaged boxes from ups and fedex - boxes which clearly were damaged by the delivery company . also , my box of dishes was damp on the bottom . the ups worker opened my door without knocking ( i live in a rural area and often this is more of a convenience than a disadvantage ) and before i could even get up from the kitchen table i heard him drop the two boxes ( little one on top ) and drive away . amazon provides a feedback page for delivery and packaging complaints . it 's on your account page and the items are listed under `` open orders '' . even though the main fault lies with ups , the manufacturer 's box ( in which the bowls were well-packaged ) was inside a larger amazon box which had a piece of packing paper about 5'x3 ' . this was clearly not enough as there was at least 6-10 inches of empty space in between the smaller box and the amazon box in which it had been packaged . my smaller box of drinking glasses arrived with nothing broken and the it was only shipped in the manufacturer 's box . i wonder if the bowls would have done better just sent in the manufacturer 's box because there is no way you can transport a smaller box inside a bigger box with no insulation and have the small box stay in its place . 
with 32 oz of liquid ( 4 cups ) there was approximately 1.25 in . of glass exposed to the edge of the rim . with 48 oz of liquid ( 6 cups ) there was approximately 0.50 in . of glass exposed to the edge of the rim . with 64 oz of liquid ( 8 cups ) there was approximately 0.25 in . of glass exposed to the edge of the rim . the base to the bowl to the edge of the rim measures just over 3 3 8 in . the diameter of the bowl is just under 9 in . ( diameter : the length of a line which passes through the center of a circle and touches the surface of the circle at each end of the line . ) 
too big for soup bowls 
yes , they are microwavable ; however , i would not take them from the fridge to the microwave . i 've cooked vegetables and warned up many other items like soup and spaghetti . 
yes , they are the size of a small serving bowl . 9 inches across and 3.5 inches tall . 
how many inches is there from the floor to the bottom of the desk top ? 
yes 
hello , i am sorry but we just have the overall dimensions : overall width : 47.25 '' w overall depth : 23.625 '' d overall height : 30.313 '' h thanks 
no it is a big , almost 1 inch thick slab of wood the length of the desk . desk is about the size of a toddler or crib mattress . 
hello , the legs would need to be screwed into the table . we do apologize , the legs can not be subsituted . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you 
the legs attach with small bolts that go into recessed nuts . there is a a bar on each side set of legs that is welded to the two legs and the bolts go through said bar into the thick bottom `` shelf '' of the table . it is much sturdier than it looks in these pics . 
assembly was pretty easy . it took me about an hour to completely set up . i love it ! 
wood . its a really nice table ... but slightly high if you want to write on it ( though have a height adjustable chair so its not an issue ) . 
quite comfortably , unless your backpack is terribly small . there is not any hindrance to fold the lunch bag flat . 
well if it 's the same size as a normal plate then i would say not a chance.. but if it 's more side plate size yes definately.. 
product details product dimensions : 9.8 x 7.2 x 8.5 inches ; 12 ounces 
yes . the bag is insulated but wo n't stay cold by itself . i use a small ice pack to make sure my food stays cold longer . 
width - 55.063 '' height - 28.5 '' 
inside to inside is about 13 '' 
the glass `` attaches '' via small suction cups to the legs . it is pretty stable - have been using as my study table for a few months now without any problems . hope this helps . 
nothing . it 's glass with a metal or grey frame . this is pretty good quality . i liked it so much i bought three and now have a big high quality desk . 
the glass itself is solid and heavy so it can definitely support some weight . the legs are metal too so i 'd guess at least a couple hundred pounds . 
it 's 27.5 '' tall . i love my desk . 
yes . the top is a heavy glass and the legs are an aluminum . 
it 's about 4 ft long and 2ft wide . very good size and i 'm in love with it . 
it comes with everything you need . my office is really small and this desk fit perfectly . 
i just got this product a month ago and have 2 huge screens on my desktop ... the glass is quite sturdy- hope this helps -- love the simplicity and strength of it- d 
it did n't say but mine go through the dishwasher just fine . 
10 oz is to the very top 
the regular old fashioned glasses hold 8 oz . and they are beautiful . makes my table sparkle . 
3 1 2 taper to 3 1 4 
i still have mine in the box . no mention of either on the box or on the individual sticker on the glass . both only says marquis waterford . 
we have had this furniture for a little over a year and so far it has held up pretty well . 
no 
thank you for your interest in our product . when you say `` dual rocking recliners '' , we suppose you want to know how many seats can recline ? yes , there are two seats from loveseat that can recline , and there are two seats from the sofa that can recline . neither sofa or loveseat has electronic element . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
yes you should be able to get the chair separately . i purchased the couch and matching recliner @ levin furniture in ohio and was able to pick choose what pieces i wanted from the collection . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item you are inquire for is laf1000bb , if you are only interested in the loveseat separately is laf1002 and laf 1003. thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
yes , very dependable and as far as i know it is real leather . we have a bulldog who uses the couches with us and the couches have held up nicely since we received them . good product for the price 
bonded leather 
thank you for your email . this product is manual recliner . but it is very smooth and easy as power recliner . hope this information is helpful to you . thank you and have a good day . 
no , they are not completely black.they are cappuccino in color . 
it is 19 inches . my advice to you , is do not purchase this chair . very uncomfortable ! ! ... . 
22 1 4 '' is the width of the cushion itself 
i weigh 158 lbs . and it easily holds my weight . i should mention that i have two of these chairs in our living room and is not much used . but this chair is quite light . i do n't think it can take the weight of a heavy person .. especially if it is used regularly . i hope this answers your question . 
it is wide . it is comfortable to sit in , not luxuriously so but comfortable none the less . 
mine did not ... you have to order separately 
i 'm not a pro at this kind of questions , but it definitely looks , feels and smells like real leather . and for this price i would expect it to be real . 
very dark espresso brown . 
what is `` reclining '' fabric ? it comes in a few flat ( solid ) leatherite kind of fabric . great for the cost . not high-end if you are looking for something chic , in that price range , you would be disaapointed 
dear customer , 24 inches is the correct height . thank you for identifying our typo . have a great day ! 
it 's more of a darker brown.i was sent the wrong size so i can ; t help you with the other question . 
i no longer have these ( unfortunately they started falling apart within a month of buying them ) but i would guess that is the overall dimensions . as you can see , they bow out a a little on the sides so they are wider as you go from the top to the bottom . 
thank you for your interest in our product . yes , the product dimension is 18 x 29 x 18 inches . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
dear customer , unfortunately , that option is not currently available . 
thank you for your interest in our product . this bed frame listing is only includes the bed frame , there will be no mattress in this listing . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item you are inquiry is b011q which has 2 rails . you will need a box to support before applying mattress . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the package will come in three . the headboard , the raills and the footboard . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
four 
yes , you may . please note the box will rise the mattress . please watch for the height of both the mattress and box . another option would be a bunky board if you like low bed . 
i would say it is a 3 but softens as it is broken in . i am very happy with the chair now but at first it felt a bit stiff but not anymore . it is so great to be able to have 2 people recline in it : - ) 
thank you for your interest in our product . it 's not a rocking recliner sofa . it will release the footrest if handle has being pulled . then the reclining happens when you push the sofa towards to the back . the weight will push the chair back down hence it reclines . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
no , you have to having it sitting about 8-10 '' from the wall to be able to fully recline . it does n't stay in the recline position either . you have to sit all the way back and lay still for it to stay in recline . any movement and it starts closing . 
ours has been great , no discoloration or problems of any kind , i hope this is helpful 
to lay completely out it does need to be about 5 inches from the wall , its tough tp stay in that posotion unless youve adjusted your weight bacwards after your positioned . if not it closes back up.you can recline some with feet up with maybe 1 inch . 
these sofa and loveseats are fully assembled upon delivery . so the back will not be able to go off for dis-assembly . however , it should fit standard front doors . 
yes , other than this color , the recliner is available in 3 other colors . brandan bonded leather dual reclining loveseat asin b00bk7ryjm taos black bonded leather dual reclining loveseat asin b00dca5wu8 sensation camel tan microfiber double reclining loveseat asin b00dca5d02 just search the name or the asin number of the recliner and you should be able to see those . 
i 'm about 205 # , and i barely make a dent when i sit in it . i would say it could easily support 500 # . 
do n't waste your time and money ! ! mine came in damaged ! looked like it was ran over by a train ! ! i sent it back . and it was cheap quality 
yes , the back does come off . 
total of four . three pieces that form the back and one seat on a frame . all pieces are contained in one enormous box that weighs over 300 lbs . the shipper `` drops '' it off ... so be prepared to need help . 
thank you for your interest in our product . this product will be back in stock in august . please reference item # lr0143 and place your purchase later . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
absolutely love the furniture and it was a great deal . so comfortable . you do need about a foot from the wall though . even in my very small living room this is not a problem . 
29 1 4 inches 
they are accurate . the picture is deceiving . it should be noted that the 41 inches is with both leaves extended . 
no it will not its only gon na fit a 12 in item wide 
thank you for your interest in our product . the merchandise you are inquiry for is assembled except the additional roller wheels . it is adjustable to your own height whether to add the wheels or not . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
that is with wheels . about 32 1 2 without . 
turn the `` manual release button '' on the side of the opener , first in one direction , and if that does n't work , in the reverse direction . this has n't happened often , but every time i tried this , it worked ! 
works with all normal size household can goods 
push ( slide ) the two halves apart lengthwise the whole top lifts off . there is an instruction on the sheet to complete the cycle if it stops on top of a can . 
with your finger slide down the bottom cover , remove it by lifting the cover . you will see the batteries 
same design , but did n't work 
i 'm sorry , i could n't tell you for sure because i honestly have n't seen or bought many square cans . i can only think of the spam cans and they have a built in opener . however , the can opener does attach itself with a magnet to the top of the can and moves around the rim gripping the lip and i have opened bent top cans that were n't exactly round and had no problem . i would guess that it would do alright on squares as long as the corners are not too sharp of a turn . i love my can opener , i have torn rotator cuffs on both shoulders and this little gadget is a blessing , ... no more pain opening cans . 
never got it to work took it to goodwill 
yes it will . 
yes , it does . 
given the quality of those chairs , i highly doubt there is any warranty ! 
light tan 
black . some parts were missing in the box and screw holes were stripped out . : ( 
dear customer , this chair is approximately 28 inches from the floor to the seat area with extension legs . thank you . 
the price is for one single chair . thanks . 
about 28 inches if you add the leg extensions . 
the chair is advised for home use and with a weight capacity of around 200 lbs . however , there are still customer which is more than the weight capacity that uses the chair with no problem . thank you . 
as long as it is not outside in the rain 
the 43inch is the maximum height of the chair measured to the back of the chair . please note that 43 inch height is the adjusted bar height . if the chair is switched to counter height , the total height will not be 43 inch . 
dear customer , that 's of black finish . best regads , olivia furnituremaxx 
the height is adjusted by unscrewing the lower part and screw it back together . it is like 10 inches difference . this chair should be adjusted to just one height because unscrewing these parts might make the whole chair unstable on the long run . it takes a whole minute to adjust the lower part ( unscrewing and screwing and adjusting the lower parts of the legs ) . so depending on your height you might want just to set the chair to one height . 
no , only one . 
it the color presented . i sprayed it with stain care product . as i said before , i wish it had a leather seat . 
i looked at the metal swivel on my chair and could not see any plastic ring . however , the cloth on the seat is tearing on the front . really poor choice of fabric for seat . 
they are adjustable mine are at the lowest at aprox 29 inches from floor to cushion . idk how high they can go never needed any higher . 
an alan wrench which is provided . it 's very easy to put together . 
about 30 pounds 
i 'm not sure but once it is assembled correctly , this stool seems strong enough to sit a person over 250 pounds . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item you are inquiry for is pc033 which has neutral color cushion and iron frames . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the product that you inquiry for is item pc033 which has a black color frame . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
contemporary 
the pillows are actually included ! all 4 of them 
i ordered this set and was a bit put off when delivered as the smell of material was strong but after a week i fell in love ! great price for an amazing set . i did n't get and warranty 
please search b00bk7ufkc on amazon.com . which is the listing for matching loveseat 
the cushions are microfiber . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the sear cushion is detachable and same with the pillow . the back cushion however is not . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . we proudly provide standard delivery which is also curb side only . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
the seat cushions are removable , the back cushions are attached . 
the other ozeri pans claim they are both pfoa and ptfe free , this one does not - so i am assuming it is present in the material . i did a little research into the greblon coating which is made by weilburger in germany . they do make several different coatings that contain ptfe aka teflon . only one of their products is ptfe free , a coating called ck2 , but we do n't know exactly which one is present in this pan . 
the non stick coatings are different on the ozeri greenearth stoneearth . the main difference is the green one uses a ceramic based coating ( similar to green pan et al ) this one uses a `` stonehenge '' coating . both coatings are made by greblon ( a german company ) . some more minor differences are the shape of the pan , handle style , 2 3 rivets , and the green is advertised as ptfe free but this one does n't so i do n't know . to further confuse things their steelearth pans use a third coating . i ca n't answer which is `` better '' but this one is quite good . 
i have no idea . they are definitely not . 
no . its not too heavy . its just right . the bottom is thick but the sides are thin . its a good weight . 
there are no batteries required - that may be an issue to report to amazon on the product details ( there is a link for that ) . 
here 's what i remember from mine : do n't use any abrasive cleansers or scrubbers ( not needed anyway because things do n't stick ) , do n't plunge the hot pan into cold water , use medium heat or less , and do n't store pans on top of it unless you use the pad they provide . oh , and no metal utensils to be used inside the pan . it 's holding up very well for me - a couple of months now and no signs of wear . 
yes , i bought the ozeri zp-26gl green earth frying pan lid , 10-inch and it 's fits perfectly . 
this pan is oven safe to 250 & # 8304 ; c or 482 & # 8304 ; f . 
yes that is what i have . it works the same but you need to remember to use a slightly lower setting . 
this pan utilizes a natural stone-derived coating from germany that achieves non-stick perfection while remaining 100 % free of pfoa , a harmful chemical found in traditional cookware . now ozeri 8 '' green earth textured ceramic nonstick frying pan is 100-percent ptfe and pfoa free . i hope this helps you . 
they are plastic . 
the width from edge to edge ( the tops of the arm rests hang over just a little bit ) is 93.5 '' . the width of the frame , leather-covered portion of the sofa is 89.25 '' . the frame portion of the front of the couch ( the part that holds the arm-rests ) is actually wider : 91 '' . 
this is not hard to get through the door . i bought this for my grandma and her door is standard size . they got it through with no problems . you will be pleased with this couch . 
our standard free shipping only deliver to curb side , they do not bring into house . for inside delivery , there is $ 120 shipping upgrade surcharge . to bring to 3rd floor , does your apartment has a freight elevator ? 
3 seater 
the holes might be cover be the fabric , use a knife or something sharp to poke around , you will find it . 
yes 
19 inches 
thank you for your interest in our product . furnituremaxx only sell the sofa in this picture . we do not have the product information for the decoration in this picture thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
the seat cushions can be removed . the back cushions seem to be attached and probably can not be removed . 
micro fiber 
18 '' wide , 14 '' deep , 17 '' tall 
the bench is 18 ' wide x 14 '' deep x 17 '' tall . good solid bench . wife is enjoying it . 
i would guess under 200 pounds 
1500 
it works great and boils water very quickly . it does show all the scale from the water though . other than that 5 stars 
you can lift the kettle off the base ( heating element ) the base keeps the cord attached to it , but the kettle can lift off and be moved correct . in other words the base has an electrical cord plugged into the wall outlet that is all one unit . the kettle sits on the base and can be lifted on and off . 
hey pat , this kettle is made in china . source : looked at the bottom of the kettle . if it matters , i 've never had a problem with this kettle and i would recommend it to my family and friends . edit : i am an avid tea drinker . i would notice any weird taste in my water . i thought this might be relevant . 
that is an excellant question i would have never thought to ask ! . my hands are relatively small so i have no issues at all , however my husband can not get his hand in it . i measured the diameter and the width of the opening is 3.5 '' wonder why they made it so small ? hope that helps ! 
the ones i received are actually almost 19 1 2 '' long , so you 'll have to put them in your drawer so that the long dimension is parallel to the 20 '' dimension of your drawer . you will only be able to fit four inserts across the 19 '' dimension of your drawer , which will leave you with about 3.5 '' of empty drawer space . you wo n't quite have room for five inserts . in my case , i found that the extra 3.5 '' was useful to hold outsize spice containers that do n't fit well in these inserts . four inserts will give you a lot of spice storage space . if you tend to buy the small ( plastic ) spice jars that are about 2 '' high ( e.g . spice trend or mccormick ) , one insert will hold about 18 such jars . so four inserts would hold about 72. if you buy the taller bottles that are 4 1 4 to 4 3 4 inches tall , you should be able to get 8 jars in each insert , or in your case , 32 jars total ( plus the extras in that 3.5 '' that wo n't have an insert ) . 
each insert has two grooves to hold spice bottles - so the picture on the product description can be kind of misleading , but the listed dimensions are accurate - each insert is 3 and 7 8 inches wide . i ended up needing 3 inserts to fill the width of my drawer and have enough room for all of my spices . lengthwise , the product description is again accurate , each insert is about 19 and 1 4 inches long . my drawer was a bit shorter in depth than the inserts - i used a dremmel to cut the inserts down to size and now they fit perfectly in the drawer . it seemed kind of expensive for what you get , but they do fit and look really nice , so i 'm happy with my purchase . 
yes . i had to trim 1 4 '' off of mine to make it fit . it 's best if you have a jig saw for a clean cut , but i think you could manage with a pair of heavy duty scissors even . 
just the one . item may be cheaper from the original supplier ( ikea ) . 
9 1 4 x 7 3 4 
not sure ... it was the perfect height for my ikea chair . my husband installed it for me . we had it on for about 3 months so far.it works really well . definitely one of my most functional favorite purchases to date . 
the base sits about 4.5 inches off the ground and is not adjustable . 
yes - not sure of the quantity . 
i 'm not sure i bought this to convert a chair i had into a rocking chair but it proved too hard to do i actually have n't been able to use it it 's just sitting in my garage so unless you are really handy or know someone who is this might not work 
the stand is 5 inches from the bottom of the feet to the top of the base plate . our rocker 's wooden base is at the very bottom of the rocker , and there is fabric fringe of trim hanging from the base about 3-4 '' , making the chair look like it 's almost touching the ground . 
so far we have put about 300 plus pounds on this model and it has held up beautifully . 
the legs 'spider out ' from the very center 13 '' . 
5 `` 
hello , i read you question with interest because i need a base that lifts my chair 8 '' also . did this base work ? did you find another solution ? any information appreciated . thank you ! 
four holes in a square pattern ... 8 inches on center . 
i am not sure what the actual limit is , but i am 210 lbs + the weight of the lazyboy chair that i have mounted on top of mine and my swivel is working very well . 
there is no additional hardware , it comes in one solid piece . of course , you will need the screws or clamps to attach it to the chair . 
about 2 - 3 inches . 
i bought a piece of 3 4 in plywood and diilled holed to fit both swivel and chair , attached the ply to the swivel and then attached the chair to the ply , on top . be carful to center the chair on the ply and the ply on the swivel . works great . 
i would think either would be fine , i used a scrap of 3 4 inch particle board for a base and it worked great . chair now rotates very easily and very happy with the results . 
i was able to adapt this to a lazy boy recliner and am very happy with the result . i did have to add some structure to fit to the legs and to the switvel and was careful to place for center of gravity . i did this for my son and he is happy with the result . 
the total height is 1 3 4 . '' thanks , angela h. farley director of customer service 
depends on your base just measure if mine fit perfect 
it is for the original bullet blender . it is a perfect match to the original mug that was in the set . 
hi , i just test the cup with water . looks like all the way up to the rim it 's around 20oz 
unfortunately that is one design flaw in these otherwise awesome mugs . the way the threads are on the lip and lid you wo n't be able to line them up properly . you can get close to it not being right on the handle , but that is about it . to get around that i use a straw . besides , i do n't know about you , but my smoothies are way to thick to drink without a straw . : ) 
no . it only has the opening for drinking . too big to hold a straw firm . useable as that but the straw would slide around . 
yes it fits perfectly . 
yes they do . 
it says in the description that it does not work with the nutribullet . and i do not have a nutribullet to test it out . sorry . 
it is 3 1 4 inches . my magic bullet extractor is 4 inches diameter . 
we are using them on model : mb1001 with ac 120v and they are working just fine . 
no . this cup is only 3 '' in dia . 
yes 
yes 
no 
i had an old nutribullet , and it fitted perfectly ! i am not sure about the 900 series , they are a newer series ? 
sorry i do n't know . i never looked at the baby bullet to compare . 
for the nutribullet size l need asap 
did not have nutribullet 
yes 
my old original base had three large knobs around the outside and the five small ones on this base seem to work just as well as the old one which cracked on me after many , many years of service . i have been very pleased with the purchase and have used it daily since i got it several months ago . 
yes i think so . 
moderation is key . you just need it to hold in the liquid inside and a moderate tightness will suffice . 
i got this replacement part because our jar nut had a crack in it . not so much that it was leaking , but enough that we wanted to replace it . 
i do n't know about your specific model number , but i have three different oster blenders . the o-rings fit all of them but the base did not fit any of my jars . 
no 
yes it will . 
it wont fit 
yes , when it runs out of water , it stops and the light flashes red . 
it does not need a surge protector and just plugs into a 110 volt electric socket . but overseas outlets may be different and require an adapter . need to research wherever you are going to be . 
i believe you have to hit the power again 
no it doesnt . it 's quite small , good for bedside . 
i do n't really feel it is necessary to clean very often - only if limescale builds up on the inside of the filter tray or water dispenser . as long as you empty it every time and fill with fresh water it is fine . if you want to clean the inside of the chamber it would be rather difficult as the entrance is quite small where you fill it up with water but it is a slick design . 
yes , ca n't hear it run either . 
yes but i think it has more to do with your water source than the humidifier . it did more when i used tap than with distilled . 
soap and water in tank ... there is a small brush specifically for cleaning the disc 
the clear top comes off and the re-fill is on the bottom of it , just screw the lid off and fill it up . i would not recommend this unless you are going to use it in a very small room . 
i 'm guessing about 3 cups of water . it lasts thru the night on low . and it works well . i 'm happy with it . dry arizona winters need humidifiers . 
it 's not a lot of noise . i use a headset for work and i can hear easily without having to turn it off . 
it 's 10 '' tall . no measurements are on box , so i had to measure it myself . 
the little red button you see on the base in the picture allows you to turn the occilation on or off . 
hardly even noticable i would say $ 5.00 
i do not believe it does . and to check , i just tipped mine over while running ( on a carpeted floor ) . it did not shut off . 
these bags are commercial grade 3 mil material . this is a great thickness for keeping your food fresh , while remaining pliable enough to wrap tightly around whatever you are sealing ( with no air pockets like thicker bags ) . thanks for the question , annmarie , at foodvacbags 
i do n't have an exact measurement , but they do not feel quite as thick as the food saver bags . the bags , however work great . 
i have a food saver system and they work great with it 
i do n't know . none of the labeling on the bags states where they are made . 
i have these bags and that vacuum sealer- they work together very well . 
they absolutely work wonderfully with my food saver . i have been freezing a lot of veggies and meats in them and they work just fine . love the price also . will order more again 
the company claims they are bpa free . i do not cook or reheat in mine , just freeze . but good question . 
i use mine in food saver model v2244 . it 's also called a bag sealer on the bottom of the machine where the serial # and other info is . this is a manual machine , where you put product in the bag , because 3 sides are already sealed , then lay the unsealed top edge into the trough ( this trough collects any water juice from product ) . close machine and select your choice of just plain seal , or vacuum and seal . these generic bags work every bit as well for me , as the more expensive bags from the food saver brand . many of the bags i 've seen in grocery stores indicate they can be used for food saver brand as well as seal-a-meal brand . this is just my personal experience , hope it helps . 
you can use a permanent marker on either side of these bags , you are correct there is no actual designated space . i have used the marker to date , time , and contents on all sized bags . 
it does n't say where they were made and i bought them a while ago so i no longer have the packaging . i would highly recommend though . i have not been disappointed with them . they are very strong and protect the food just as well as the higher priced bags . 
i honestly do n't know . since they can not go in a microwave ( or oven ) i would be afraid to put in the freezer due to extreme cold . i would be afraid they could crack . i love my bowls so much , that even though they say they can go in the dishwasher , i choose to wash by hand . 
this info is under product description on the page : set includes 4 colors : red , orange , green & yellow . set looks ceramic , but is heavy weight melamine for durability and chip resistance . each nest for easy storage and are dishwasher top shelf approved . includes : 1 - 6 qt 1 - 4.2 qt 1 - 2.9 qt 1 - 1.9 qt 4 individual lids 
these bowls are very lightweight , but have the look of ceramic . 
they are imported from china . that is all i know . 
sorry i do n't know . 
no . the bottom says , `` not for use in microwave ... '' i love these bowls except for that . 
1.9 qt , 2.9 qt , 4.2 qt , 6 qt . largest bowl is about 6.5 inches high and about 10 inches across . hope this helps . 
the pan 's diameter is 12.75 '' , the handle is 8.5 '' , and the depth is about 3 '' . there is an additional utility loop ( opposite the handle ) that is about 2 '' long . 
yes , it is magnetic , so it works on induction stoves it is a top of the line cookware , still made in the usa ! highly recommend it . 
all clad ss is oven safe to 500 degrees . 
barkeeper 's 
about 9 1 2 `` 
hi ... i 'm sure you could use it to make pancakes ... it is deep ... but yes , i 'd make pancakes in it if that 's what you have . i use a long rectangle griddle to make my pancakes , but that 's because i 'm feeding a lot of people : ) 
yes ! make sure the pan is hot enough before dropping egg 
three inches per my best measurement . this is a great skillet . mine is american made . we leave it on the stove top , as we use it nearly every day . highly recommend it . hope they are still usa made 
about 3 1 4 inches , its bigger than i expected and has worked wonderfully 
it is 9 inches across on the bottom . 
the clock icon indicates the timer feature is active . there is also a thermometer icon adjacent to the clock icon , this indicates the temperature reading is also active . 
i 'd recommend checking the display for temperature . you 'll know exactly how warm your bed warmer is . on the other hand , you may think that the displayed temperature is not really what you actually feel , ( it 's not as warm as you think it should be ) . i think this is because it 's using water ; it takes time to transfer heat from the water in the pipe to you . i usually cover up the warmer with a blanket so that it retains the heat inside the blanket . 
do n't know about the motor , but we can say that it is virtually soundless ! there is a few seconds of detectable sound when you first turn it on and that is all . the only drawback is there is only one controller so you have to negotiate with your bedmate when the heat goes on and off . 
the machine is a plug into a regular outlet . there are no wires to the bed only water hoses and it is silent and very wonderfully comfortable . 
i have a queen size warmer on my queen size bed . yes , it slips away from the edge of the bed , but i do n't lay at the edge . i just pull it back in place the next morning . 
i do n't think it is . i would only want to spot clean . i do air it out outside . there are coils run all through it . i have only good things to say about this product . it allows me to turn my thermostat way down at night . i ca n't wait to crawl into my nice warm bed at night . 
we certainly do ! we ship to all parts of canada for a flat rate of $ 49.99 . this shipping rate does not include customs fees when the product crosses the border . 
hi - the one i purchased has a drop length of 15 '' . 
yes they are . 
the drop is about 15 inches . 
no , only on each side of bed . 
it 's closer to white and semi sheer . it 's lovely . 
it 's actually a 15 '' drop . 
three sided both sides and foot 
i think so . it 's not stark white -- but not ivory either . i 'd call it bone . i have white in my duvet cover and it coordinates . 
yes 
yes , and i just did them in my new lg dryer on the correct setting , still wrinkled , but once you spread them out on the bed , they seem to relax ( except for the top rim ) guess if we want the sheets our mom 's did for us , it is back to the ironing board as they are all cotton . i do however like the feel of them when in bed . ( use little heat when drying ) 
they feel like cotton : ) 
i do n't know , never tried ; i just pair them w coordinating sheets . 
they are 23 '' deep and fit my pillow top that i can never find deep enough sheets for ... 
it come with 6 screws , 2 for each end and 2 to keep the rod length from adjusting . yes you will have to drill to install . 
everything is included so that you can install it easily 
yes it will 
about 1.25 inches ( 33 mm ) . 
measuring from floor to the top of the cushion it measures 29.5 '' i hope this helps 
i am 2550 pounds of mostly muscle , they support me with no problem . if they do n't , i 'm sure you have either mis-assembled or have a product liability case coming ! frankly they are very good , sturdy , attractive and tough , so far ... . 
no 
the seat is approximately 14 1 2 inches or 37 centimeters wide . the whole stool measures 29 inches from floor to top of the seat . we love them ! 
yes . because mine is 10 inch double and still have a little wiggle room . it 's nice too . was surprised how nice it was . tip : stand mattress on long end and start at the top and work your way down ... just makes it easier . 
the closest fabric i can come to using to compare would be microfiber . i am not sure what fabric it is but it does not feel like vinyl . it does `` poof '' a little when you sit down on it , but i believe that is because of it 's waterproof properties . 
personally i would not try this . i had difficulty encasing the mattress and the zipper ripped . now knowing how fragile the cover is i do n't think it is a good idea to try to stretch it over a box spring . 
i 'm guessing you are asking about how comfortable it is ? if so , i am extremely susceptible to being uncomfortable with any kind of mattress protection and i do n't have a reaction to this . it feels more like cloth . i did buy a padded mattress cover because i assumed i would n't like it , but we have n't really needed to use it . i hope this helps . 
it is not see through . it is a white cotton ... ... not sure about dark stains but i do n't think light stains would show through . i do ml ot have any on my mattress though so i can not say for sure . 
if your mattress fills the cover completely , it should stay in place . mine does . 
yes 
most of them have warranties but i am 99 % sure it does . 
yes , it should fit a queen size with a pillowtop . it comes in different sizes . 
they are a little wider than a standard queen size . i know full size was that way it fit easily . 
sure it will and with room to spare . 
yes - that 's what we have it on . 
absolutely yes 
it has a smooth finish , it 's easy to wash . 
it is made in china and distributed by protect-a-bed usa in wheeling , il . 
yes . because mine is 10 inch double and still have a little wiggle room . it 's nice too . was surprised how nice it was . tip : stand mattress on long end and start at the top and work your way down ... just makes it easier . 
the closest fabric i can come to using to compare would be microfiber . i am not sure what fabric it is but it does not feel like vinyl . it does `` poof '' a little when you sit down on it , but i believe that is because of it 's waterproof properties . 
personally i would not try this . i had difficulty encasing the mattress and the zipper ripped . now knowing how fragile the cover is i do n't think it is a good idea to try to stretch it over a box spring . 
i 'm guessing you are asking about how comfortable it is ? if so , i am extremely susceptible to being uncomfortable with any kind of mattress protection and i do n't have a reaction to this . it feels more like cloth . i did buy a padded mattress cover because i assumed i would n't like it , but we have n't really needed to use it . i hope this helps . 
it is not see through . it is a white cotton ... ... not sure about dark stains but i do n't think light stains would show through . i do ml ot have any on my mattress though so i can not say for sure . 
if your mattress fills the cover completely , it should stay in place . mine does . 
yes 
most of them have warranties but i am 99 % sure it does . 
yes , it should fit a queen size with a pillowtop . it comes in different sizes . 
they are a little wider than a standard queen size . i know full size was that way it fit easily . 
i do n't have the packaging any longer . i do n't remember seeing any guarantee printed . i recently had vomit in the bed for a good portion of the night and the mattress was fine ( not sure how she slept through that ! ) . 
no , there are mostly mesh 
yes 
the actual mattress cover does not have a bed skirt attached to it . i 'm not sure if you can order one separately or not . we have been really happy with the cover itself though . hope this helps . 
so far so good after a few months . this has been a great buy ! 
no but it has a soft fabric cover . it is very quiet and comfortable . 
fill with desired amount of water , plug it in , then use the button on the top to set it to the desired temperature . it comes with a guide for recommended temperatures for different drinks . 
the up down arrows on the handle 
button malfunctions can occur because of how new a product is . this problem should eventually go away with use . if you 've had your kettle for a more than a few months and the buttons are still hard , please call oster direct for more troubleshooting and assistance . 
this kettle includes a removable , washable filter . at this time , the filter is not available for purchase separately . if you have any questions , feel free to contact customer service at www.oster.com contactus . 
only when it is finished heating . you select the temp you want , and when it beeps to let you know it 's done boiling , it will show the temp of the water . the temp display will stay on until you unplug it . sometimes it 's a degree or two off what you actually selected . 
i do n't really know . mine died after two weeks . so much for that idea . 
i have n't tried the disc but as long as the material is the same and the same or similar prep before using i would think they would be fine . i can say though that the original brown sugar bear works very well at keeping your brown sugar fresh much longer . also found it works well with raisins . 
anything that needs moisture ... . i do n't have a problem with regular sugar getting hard , but i do use these when i make cookies , they keep the cookies soft . 
i remember that mine each came in own package stapled together . 
i needed to know the same thing . by looking at the brown sugar bear `` bun warmer '' description ( same brand also sold on amazon ) i found instructions for heating in the oven . so i figured that would work for drying the brown sugar bear to use for keeping my crackers crisp . i followed these instructions : `` heat the bear in the oven @ 250 degrees for 10 minutes . let it cool completely before placing it in a sealed container with the crackers , etc '' . it works like a charm ! for keeping bread warm , heat the same way then immediately place the heated bear s in the bottom of a lined serving basket or stoneware dish & place bread on top . i did n't find anything about this being microwave safe . 
the bears that i purchased not long ago are 2 1 2 inches tall and about 2 inches wide . hope this helps you ! 
in answer to your question , i measured one of the bears that i had clean in a kitchen drawer ( the other one is in my brown sugar container ) . at its longest , from the top of its ear to the bottom of its foot , it measures 2 and 9 16th inches . at its widest , ( its feet ) it measures 1 and 11 16th inches . it is 7 16th of an inch thick . 
i 've never used one of these as a diffuser , only just for the original use which is to keep brown sugar fresh ! what an idea though , how creative ! terra cotta is porous so i 'd imagine it would soak up the oil , but you would never be able to wash all that oil and aroma out of it to use it in food after that . 
i would certainly assume so . seem to be solid clay ceramic material . 
if i recall correctly , there is . if not , all you need to do is let them soak for a bit in water , then shake or wipe off the excess and set it in a tightly closed container with your brown sugar . i re-soak mine every 6 months to a year , depending on how fast they dry out . it keeps the sugar perfectly soft . 
made in canada - that 's a lot better than china ! : ) 
they are clear . 
china . please read my review for this item before you buy . 
it did it to me too i took a pair of slip jaw plyers and wrapped a kitchen towel around the top and ever so gently loosen it off 
the say masons patent and then a date . sorry i 'm not near them so i ca n't look at the exact date . 
the padded seats are approximately 30 '' from the floor . these are awesome bar stools for those of us who are tall and usually feel like you are slipping out the front of regular bar stools . the seat is deeper than most , so a comfy perch . the only drawback is that they do n't swivel freely and ca n't find a way to adjust that . also putting them together was a chore my dear husband undertook - almost an hour per stool . i like that they are casual , not formal , and the legs and footrests are metal so no wood to scratch . sturdy and heavy , so no tipping over . great for tall folks ! 
yes its more like a rust brown than a chocolate brown 
this chair is truly comfortable . the back is curve and the seat is wide to accommodate all body types , tall , short , fat or slim persons . truly a great buy . 
actually , the back part is supported by the arms as they are bolted together . 
yes they swivel 
yes it will 
the arms at their highest point are 39 '' . the seat is 30 '' . 
you can fit one and a half in it . i am 225lb plenty of room . 
do n't know about 400. probably about 250-300 . 
i 'm not sure , i returned them , sorry ! ! 
32 inches from the floor . 
it is very sturdy . if you swivel , you definitely intend to because it takes a bit of effort , which is good because it never feels wobbly . 
floor to seat is 30 '' and floor to top of chair back is 44.5 '' 
yes ! we purchased them last summer for an outdoor bar that is not covered . we live just north of dallas and they went through 100 degree temps in the summer then three snow sleet events in the winter . we tilt them up against the bar when it rains so that water ca n't puddle on the wood seats . they still look great ! 
i would say maybe it 's wood underneath the foam . it is solid seat with cushion and black cover . no wood visible . hope this helps 
they are approx 1 '' around . very comfy stools ... 
that im not sure what they 'd max out at . we 're only 150-160lbs . they 're all steel construction . the only thing not metal is the little pad you sit on . the bearings that the seat swivels on are pretty big so they should be able to handle some weight . 
they 'd work fine for a 42 '' bar but wouldnt recommend for outside . do n't think the pads would be water proof and they 'd eventually rust if left out in the rain 
it is about 31.5 inches from the floor to the top of the seat cushion . my bar is 44 inches and they are perfect , so they may be a bit tall for your table . 
the bearing is always the weakest point on this type of chair the bearing appear to be rated at 400lbs at center point , the seat area is 16 '' wide x 16 ' deep . the issue a large individual has is getting onto the chair this is bar stool height of 32 '' , unless they are over 6 ' tall 
hello , this has a 16 gauge steel frame . delivery times would depend on your location and the quantity of your order . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
the stool has a seat height of 30.25 '' with a wooden seat and a seat height of 32 '' with a vinyl seat . 
seat is 16 inches - width seat is 16 1 2 inches - depth footrest is 12 inches width , 17 inches depth , 17 inches height from seat to footrest 
hi joan . the bottom has a small plastic piece on each leg . however , i would probably still put a small padding for hardwood floors 
you can order them online with amazon & shipping is usually 5-7 days . 
hello , we offer free shipping to the surrounding 48 states in the us . thanks 
hello , we offer free shipping to the surrounding 48 states in the us so there is no shipping with us . thanks 
hello , i am sorry but we do n't have these available in a 24 '' seat height . we do apologize . thanks 
i can not say what the maximum load it with hold , but it has held a guest in my home who weighed 300 pounds . 
hello tammi , thank you for your inquiry . we do apologize , the seat height is only 30.25 '' h . it does not come any lower than that . we do apologize . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you , maria 
32 inches from seat to floor 
i way 250 # it handles me no problem . 
yes . the picture is accurate 
hi vickey ! thank you for your inquriry ! seat size : 16.5 '' w x 16.5 '' d back size : 13.5 '' w x 13.75 '' h seat height : 30.25 '' h overall width : 16.5 '' w overall depth : 20.5 '' d overall height : 44.5 '' h aiste bisonoffice 
hi debra ! thank you for your inquiry ! this item is sold as 1 per price . aiste bisonoffice 
if there is no seat choice box for you to choose , then the seat will probably be burgundy . they come in several different colors - it just depends on the vendor and their availability at the time . you may have to check all the vendors that are offering this thru amazon to find a black seat , but you can always recover it before you attach it to the frame . 
this may help you decide , back size : 13.5 '' w x 13 '' h , seat height : 32 '' h , overall height : 44.5 '' h 
i imagine they 'd rust in the weather ... 
the feet are plastic and present no problem to hardwood which is the surface mine rest on . the barstools are a considerable value . rugged and good looking . buy them . any further questions email jamese.wells @ verizon.net 
29 to bottom of seat , 32 to top of seat 
yes , it 's very robust . 
i bought one a few months back and the cutting surface is about 3 8 '' thick . 
yes 
yes indeed . they are quite comfortable in the dishwasher . says so on the label . 
you can use the reverse side as well but it does not have the groove in it -- but it 's good for things not so juicy ! 
it is 3 8 '' thick . 
yes , the board does get slice marks after use . i would n't purchase again . i would stick with wood . 
yes 
hi janis , this product is made one of china 's premiere cutting board factories . known for its outstanding quality . we hope you love them as much as we do ! thank you for your inquiry ! 
the cutting board in question is made of polypropylene and must meet all food contact requirements . therefore , it should not contain bpa . 
i 'm going to try purchasing the foil seals compatible with this coffee maker to use with the discarded plastic starbucks single verismo cups ( washed and dried and finger-pressed hard for sealing ) . i 'm told to use fine ground coffee , filled and pressed to the top before re-sealing . we 'll see if it works . 
it 's sylver . 
it has the k-fee logo on it . 
12 '' x12 '' x 5 1 2 '' 
so far i have not seen an adapter that allows you to use your own coffee . hopefully soon . 
no . unfortunately , they are n't the same size as the k cup . and you can only get some of the pods ( espresso ) at starbucks . the k cups are available just about every where . 
i was successfully using caffitaly pods until today -- when i jammed my machine . it 's now completely unusable . i 'll be buying another verismo machine , and i 'll only use starbucks pods from this point on . 
hello , this is 580 model . thanks for asking . leon 
hi kathryn . it was a gift so a good question but one i ca n't personally answer . sorry ! 
i do n't think it is but i 'm not sure . for that price range i do think they look nicer than any i have seen . 
it does not but the only assembly is attaching the legs . it 's very easy . 
the shipping charges would not be combined unfortunately . each item would have its own shipping charge . 
before i buy this , i am returned but i don 't recivered take back money i do n't know why & # 65311 ; could you tall me . 
thanks for your question ! according to the manufacturer 's website the dimensions of the chair are as follows : overall size : 29 '' x26 '' x28 '' seat size : 19 '' x19 '' x17 '' i hope this helps ! 
r true to the description 
i have 2 in my clinic waiting room and they have been great ! cheaply made but they look good and will last at least a few years and are easy to clean . a little low but i have n't had any problems yet . 
it is attached . nice chair . firm seating . 
the pleather is one sided 
about 8 '' from the floor . very comfortable 
durable but not comfortable at all . 
the chair is approximately 26 inches in width by 28 inches in height by 28 inches in depth . some individual measurements include : * the wood legs are about 8 inches in height * the lower leather section of the chair is about 5 inches in height * the seat cushion is about 3 inches high by 19 inches wide with a a maximum length of 19 inches the double row of nail heads are brass ( dull gold ) in color . this is a small , yet rather elegant chair . 
thank you for posting your question . unfortunately there are no listing for this item in black . i do suggest having a look at the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed '' section on the product detail page where similar products will be displayed . hope this helps 
earlier this fall i ordered two of these chairs . sorry , but i am not certain the weight limit . however , no one over 200 pounds has sat on them . my 105 pound rottweiler loves to curl up in them ! i 'm 5'9 '' and have no issues with the seat dimension . note that these chairs have shorter legs than most accent chairs . 
yes 
hello . as of today october 11 , 2013 this item is sold by a seller . this seller uses the amazon.com policy whereby they also offer returns for most items within 30 days of receipt of shipment . please click on the following link to view the seller 's page and scroll down to the returns and refunds section for further information : 
hi , carlene yes , the elastic is all the way around . the sides of the sheet are 15 inches deep . 
yes thats a standard size ; - ) 
yes . it fit perfectly . 
yes 
sure , it will 
i always wash my sheets in hot water . this one did not shrink when washed . hopefully this helps . 
yes it should . i used it for a thick queen sized inflatable mattress for kids , and it fit just fine . 
yes , grey should be available within a week 
not sure if it would fit . i have a regular king and it fit great . 
i have the queen size on an 11 inch queen mattress , and it fits just fine . 
yes and for the price this is a great sheet . 
my mattress is about 15 inches and it just fit , so i would say no . 
no 
i 've had this a very short time . about two weeks . washed it twice . no pilling so far , but the sheet is not soft at all . i really do n't care for it . 
it 's mercerised cotton , so it 's treated but supposed to wear well . it over 250 thread but as soft as 400 . 
100 % cotton is definitely heavy duty and they can last 100+ washes easily . due to 100 % cotton you should remove from dryer promptly to minimize wrinkles 
my fitted sheet was made in pakistan . i alternate my bedding with a second set every other weekend so i should know in 2 or 3 months how they hold up in the wash. in the past , i 've had a hard time finding bedding that holds up well . good luck and better sleeping . gregg 
no just one fitted sheet . 
it fits my 11 inch bed fine . i 'm not sure about your bed . 
deep pocket sheet 
a fitted sheet . that 's it . this is not a sheet set . 
mine were a sage type green and were fine did not bleed at all . 
yes , the corner seams are 15 inches long . they fit a thicker mattress . 
100 % cotton , super smooth and comfortable ... 
one ply 
goes all around . 
no not thick enough for a cover . 
1 sheet . 
all i can say is that i have a queen size `` my pillow '' & it does n't fit . 
they are flat and the dimensions in the ad are correct . 
no , it 's just the sheet . 
i see no reason why you would not be able to use it with gum paste fondant . just make sure it is not too thick but a bit more fluidy then you can press it into all the crevices . i 've used this with some clay and it worked well . good luck 
i use mine for soap making and have found the silicone molds extremely easy to use . hope this helps ! : - ) 
verysmall - about 1 '' 
hello mary- we just came off of a big sale week , and that may be the reason for the customer saying they paid $ 64.00 , or they had a coupon code . as of now the price is at 83.99 on our website . sincerely , samantha designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 info @ designerliving.com 
it is a soft cotton fabric , not scratchy . i have already had to wash it several times because i have cats who sleep on my bed and shed and it is still nice . i really like the way the comforter cover drapes down over the edges of the bed . the pillow shams are not as fancy as the comforter cover , but look nice . 
it 's smooth . the ruffles are only on top . 
top and bottom are cotton . the lining inside the pouch is microfiber . in short , your body does not touch the micro material . 
it is n't bright white . 
yes 
just very wrinkled 100 % cotton . there was really no way to press it and it was n't the v look i wanted 
it doesnt come with a down blanket , but after you buy one and put it in the duvet , you wont be able to see the bedspread . if not you may be able to see the color of the bedspread . 
i always buy a size bigger , my bed is a full and i have a queen duvet and it 's perfect 
duvet cover 
that 's what i bought it for . only bad part is my pot was n't tall enough to put the lid on . also shipped from china and took a while , all in all hapy . 
fits perfectly in the ppc xl . 
no , it does not fit in a presto 6 qt pressure cooker 01362. i bought it specifically for this pressure cooker . i am very disappointed ... .will be returning ! ! 
it holds 3 quart-sized jars or 4 pints . 
i only have one but it looks like it would since the legs are inset . 
i really do n't know , i have a 6l fagor and it fits fine . the measurements given are accurate . 
i doubt the legs would scratch unless coating is a very poor grade . 
the same oil can be reused in the bdf500xl smart fryer . we do not recommend keeping it in the fryer for extended period as this is not an air-tight storage container and the oil can go bad . 
i have used the fryer at home and at my job as a private chef cooking for up to 12 people . the former is a small kitchen that opens to the dining & living rooms . it has never smoked . however , it does release steam , the amount depending on what you are frying . it does give off an odor which is typical of deep frying as a cooking techniques . the frying smell is typical of these units and not a problem particular to this breville . i find that the deep fried food cooked in the breville is delicious with minimal fat . french frys crisp , indian chickpea flour balls moist and firm , special fried rice ingredients to perfection . this unit is superior to one 's i have used because it has simple yet comprehensive temp and time settings . if i were to make one suggestion to breville , it would be to have a soft and loud option for the alert reminder . 
it will hold a lot of oil . i typically fill to min line and it works great . best i have used . 
the bdf500xl smart fryer is not designed for steaming and it is not recommended that steaming is tried . 
yes , it does 
21 '' long including the basket handle , 16 '' long without . 9 1 2 '' wide 11 '' tall . 
yes , that is the main reason why i purchased the unit and verified it once received . 
all of breville 's products , including the bdf500xl smart fryer , are designed and engineered in australia and manufactured and assembled in china . 
8 1 2 long x 6 1 4 wide x 4 deep 
the amount of chicken wings that would fit in the bdf500xl smart fryer is entirely dependant upon the size of the wings themselves and how they are being cooked . we recommend no more then 6 to 8 at one time . 
you can use any batter recipe you have in this machine . 
there 's an electrical heating connection , like a waffle maker . i have cast iron stove top version from williams sonoma and i like this one much better . 
hi j. , you 'll need eggs , milk , vanilla extract , unsalted butter , sugar , cake flour , baking powder , nutmeg , and salt . 
standard voltage for the average american home is 220-240 volts . i do not know for sure , but i am confident that this machine will work sufficiently given your circumstances . it should require no more than 100-130 volts to operate . hope that is helpful . 
no sure about the coating but it is very similar to my nonstick pans and my belgian waffle maker . i love it i actually ought five of these . many as gifts . i originally bought the stove top one from william and sonoma but never used it since it seemed so high maintenance . 
yes , this does include a recipe for a basic waffle batter in the pamphlet enclosed . 
yes , you can . you will find more information on manufacturer site . 
no the labels are temporary . the labels are all gone on the jars ! ! 
8 1 2 inches wide by 12 inches tall 
i did not see an expiration date on the spices , however , they were sealed and fresh . 
i 've had mine for a while and they still look brand new no rub off if lettering 
very nice ! ! 
no , i had to myself 
yes . 
i got the queen size @ $ 487.95 , the king size is $ 723.00 & free shipping & set-up . if you have problem call the seller cymax . 
simmons and all of the other major mattress manufacturers private label these for retailers and wholesalers and the manufacturers allow those vendors to name the models whatever they want . this makes it nearly impossible to price shop . this means if you really want to compare you have to get a hold of detail specifications ( not always easy ) and match dimensions , spring count , layers of foam etc . to really understand what getting value wise . 
10 year warranty 
honestly , i think it 's all a knock off . i did n't receive exactly what i ordered . the bed is fine , but i do n't feel it 's really `` simmons '' . i suggest buying a bed from an actual store so you can test it yourself , especially an outlet of some sort . 
1 to 10 = 6 or 7 depends the weith . ( i 'm 90 kg ) . 
soft . it 's a plush . softer than what i expected but i still really like it . 
no but i can tell you that we purchased this bed on line without sleeping on it . we are 100 % staisfied , it is very comfortable and firm . we would purchase again . buying mattresses is difficult as to know which model is which ... . 
it 's a set . mattress and box spring . 
my mother-in-law , who has back problems , said that she likes the bed 's firmness . it 's in our guest room , so i have n't slept on it . she is very particular , so i tend to believe her . 
it is queen . does not come with frame . 
no you can just use one side of the mattress in they are very soft 
yes it does , but i would not recommend this seller , their service is very unreliable . it is good mattress but buy it somewhere else . 
yes , it is a queen size mattress set . 
i 'm sorry , but i do n't have the answer to that . all i can tell you is that it 's a wonderful mattress that my son loves . i was so tempted to switch it with my older queen when i saw it . 
i have searched for a mug that is big enough to hold a real cup of coffee , fit my hands grip , look good and stays hot and i finally found them with these mugs . we use them everyday in our woodworking shop . they are durable and do keep their contents as hot as any mug that i have used and better than most . 
i would say no . you can balance them on top of each other , but no guarantee of not falling . 
china 
i just stretched it down and it went beyond 14 '' -- -- -it should be fine , 
yes , they are . you should love it . 
yes 
most likely . i doubt it would work well on a mattress less than 5-6 inches thick . i think pads for sofa bed mattresses are made though . try that specific search ! 
yes . my daughter 's mattress is 12 '' . the sides of the mattress pad are ... stretchy , elastic ... i 'm not sure what the right word is , but they can accommodate different mattress depths . it will wrap under the mattress . 
yes i guess a little bit of comfort , it does seem a bit warmer than our last one . we got it mainly because our last one was the mattress from hell as far as trying to get it back on the bed . this one goes on with plenty of room , we love it . 
no i have not experienced any smell what so ever . 
i could n't find the tag ( it 's on my daughter 's bed and i did n't want to disassemble it ) so i ca n't answer your questions completely , but here goes : the backing is clearly synthetic , not cotton -- it 's very slick and shiny . do n't know about the filling , but i would guess polyester . i think it would cost more if it was all cotton . the quilting is stitched . 
china , of course 
dang.. made in china..:0 ( 
i bought this cover because our new mattress made me so hot . it did not breathe . now ... ... with this new cover , i sleep cool and comfy . it 's very soft and the material breathes great . no more night sweats . it did exactly what i wanted it to ... .i very highly recommend if you need a cooler surface to sleep on . 
they are poly filled . top is 100 % cotton . skirt is poly . back is 50 50. this info is from the tag . the packaging said 300 thread count cotton . 
it 's of a great thickness . this is the one that you want . i love it . it 's comfortable and does n't sleep hot . i am very pleased with mine . 
i actually fit it over my already existing pillow top mattress , and it could have stretched a little bit further , so it 's got lots of room . 
yes ... it is quite nice . i enjoy the raised quilty feel . it is n't super thick like a king pillow-top mattress , but for the money , well worth it . mine came with a small tear in one corner , but it has n't been an issue . again , a good value . 
i suppose it would if you bought the queen size they offer . 
yes . i have a full size washer and it fits with room to spare . 
yes it stays in place . i have a full size bed with a queen size 2 '' foam topper . the mattress pad stays in place while the foam pad slowly works its way to the size of the bed that i get in and out of . even the fitted sheets will move . ( they are not deep fitted sheets . ) . but this mattress pad stays in place . the sides stretch to go under the mattress and it has n't moved at all . 
top is 100 % cotton , filling is 85 % polyester , 15 % cotton and skirt is 100 % polyester . 
probably 1 4 to 1 2 '' . it fits our queen very well and snug . does n't move around when we turn over . we 're really pleased with it ! please let me know if you have any other questions ! 
the pad adds extra softness and support between your mattress and sheet , but not enough to use on the floor . 
i have not had my mattress pad long enough for it to need washing . some things i wash before i use them , but this was sealed and would be covered by a sheet and i did not wash it . however , the description said it was machine washable & dry . it is soft and comfortable , but one comment by a customer said that it had helped her backache . it is not really thick enough to make a difference , if i had a backache . but is a good buy for the money and i am happy with it . it is also very easy to put on the mattress . some pads have to be pulled and stretched to get them on . this one does not . 
we brought a frame from michaels , it is slightly deeper than it is wide but with a simple black backing we were happy with the look . 
yes , the countries are outlined when you scratch them , though i found the outlines of the overlay to be very slightly off from the outlines below . the countries are different colors underneath and it does include capitals ! 
uaually 2-4 weeks 
yes it is . 
the map is 34 1 2 '' by 20 1 2 '' . 
no , the states are n't labeled or outlined . 
81.9 x 58.2 cm 
i used a canadian dime ... any coin would work . a spoon works well ... i even used my finger for the smaller places like hawaii and thailand . really anything works 
unfortunately not . you must be very careful . do not take it out of the cylinder it comes in until you are ready to frame it in an open faced frame . i made that mistake and then tried to put it back in to take to framers and got scratches down russia . : ( but it does look great now that it 's framed and hanging . i 'll just have to go to russia sooner than i planned . 
the width is 47 1 8 '' , depth is 17 '' and the height is 30 3 8 '' . 
these are a pressed fiberboard with a laminated finish . very good looking , very well made but not solid wood . 
i would say it 's more brownish with a hint of a reddish cast . 
you can get instruction booklets from sauder.com . click on customer support and instruction manuel . you can also chat on-line with someone if you need to . if you prefer , you can all customer service at 1-800-523-397 m-f 8-5:30 eastern time 
yes , delivery is in a flat pack and you will need a screwdriver and hammer for assembly . the sofa table was n't too hard to put together , the coffee table was more complicated . 
ca n't tell you how much weight it can hold but it is a very well made , sturdy piece of furniture . it is the second item that we have bought from this company and will buy more from them as we are ready for more pieces . 
i would think so . i do n't think it adds significantly to the structural integrity of the table . you 'd have the tiny pre-drilled holes where it 's meant to go . 
it does n't have much of a red or cherry color to it , just the slightest tint of it at angles in the light . i would n't get it if you have anything that is actual cherry and are trying to get something that really matches . otherwise , it 's a great buy . 
12 inhes deep 17 & 1 2 inches wide by 2 & 3 4 inches high 
this is the only color available in this style unit . thank you . 
absolutely . we purchased it to have casual dinners on the couch . it easily supports our 2 person meals along with appetizers and drinks . and occasionally an ill mannered cat . 
something else . my child left something wet on it and it bubbled up . 
i wrote them twice and never heard from anything ... .the whole side of the top of our table is all chipped off ... i have to put a cover over the table to hide it : ( 
look it up on the sauder site . tons of info & pics including full measurements . 
it does n't look red at all to me , just brown . i do n't know much about wood color , but i do n't really see any hint of red , sorta looks like the color of a grizzly ? ... 
not sure of table top capacity but certainly has held 25lbs on mine in the open position . i love the table and am about to buy 2 of the side tables 
i guess you could if you drilled holes in the legs and leg caps ... .not too heavy to push around as is ... . 
there is only open or closed , no adjustments in between . when the top is open it is 24 3 8 '' off the ground . 
it increases about 10 '' in height when opened and about 6 '' in width towards where you are sitting 
43 '' wide , 19.5 '' deep , 19 '' tall 
dimensions are : w : 14 1 8 '' ( 36 cm ) d : 22 1 2 '' ( 57 cm ) h : 24 5 8 '' ( 62.6 cm ) 
9 '' x 18 '' x 20 1 2 '' deep 
no but not that hard to put together 
the door can be mounted on either side and the door itself just flips over to accommodate the hinges on the opposite opening . i recall that the instructions show this . 
no , this one does not . there is a carson forge that does that i also purchased . even though they are two different sizes , they matched well enough to use them in the same room . this one does have a shelf inside with a cord access hole in the back that you could use a small powerstrip in there if you wanted to . 
mine had instructions but am sure they 'll send or email if you just email a note ... 
it is not solid wood it is veneer . the back is finished . it comes totally disassembled so it takes time to put it together . both sides are the same . but , it is a nice piece of furniture for the price 
it depends on which store you order from as to who has free shipping or not . 
it is definitely more walnut , early american . it is not cherry . most of my furniture is cherry so i understand the difference . hope that helps . 
all dimensions are given on web site - scroll down . 
8 inches 
the height for both the 24 '' and 25 1 2 '' swivel bases are both 1 3 4 '' from the ground to the top of the base . the measurements of 24 '' and 25 1 2 '' indicate how big around the base is or its diameter . i hope this is helpful . thanks , angela h. farley , director of customer service 
very easy . tipping chair over the hardest part . measure and make sure you have the correct size . 
it depends on how the bottom of the chair looks . the 10.5 '' square plate is what attached to the bottom of the chair . the plate has 4 1 4 '' holes for screws . one in each corner of the plate . look at the bottom of the chair see if the construction has enough support and it is spaced close enough to have wood to screw the swivel plate to . theres an ikea youtube video showing how you can do iturn an ikea chair into a swivel chair watch it 
i would measure the chair to see that it is the same dimension on the sides as it is on the front or back , meaning it is in fact square and not rectangular . i would then buy the swivel ring size that is just under that dimension . that way , the chair 's skirt should hide the ring base . if the chair measures rectangular , i would purchase the ring base that is an inch or so under the shortest dimension . 
hi , i put this swivel base as a replacement to one that broke on a swivel rocking chair i have . the quality is pretty good . the diameter should be the same or slightly smaller then the width of your base . i used carriage bolts and nyloc nuts . i 've had no problems with this base since i installed it earlier this year . hope this helps . 
adjacent mounting holes should be 8 inches center to center . if so it should fit . 
we do not have a video . can you email me with more information regarding your furniture ? pictures would be helpful . we will do our best to provide assistance . thanks , angela with recliner-handles . 
i am very satisfied with my swivel base because it is relatively easy to move but does not move around when you are rocking . 
it is not necessarily the base diameter , but the pattern and spacing of the bolts which must match 
it 's shiny like chrome 
i really do n't remember ... .i wouldnt recommend these stools now . i just bought them last oct..i think ... ..the arms have already broken off one of them ( the arms is actually just one piece thats welded on underneath the seat..that 's where it broke ) ... and the other stool..the side of the back has a one inch split in it..this just occured..now idea how . they wont take them back now..do n't get them is my suggestion . 
the width is almost 20 inches . 
i am right at 180 lbs and i do just fine . we have had the stools for about 5 wks and like them a lot 
i had to sit on stool & keep playing with handle pulling it up until it finally engaged & now both my stools work properly and excellent . 
i do not believe the arms are removable as they are shipped already attached . if i 'm not mistaken , i think the arms is one piece giving support to the back of the chair . ( i purchased as a gift & they are not currently in my home ) hope this helps you out . 
16 inches 
it does swivel with the chair but it is very well built and stable . i use the counter to turn myself around . i highly recommend this product . 
the stools adjust so they can be used with a high bar or low bar ; however , the chairs are much smaller in width and depth than you would expect . 
i 'm not sure what pu leather is ... but i have these and ordered them in the brown ... it is a gorgeous , rich dark brown . these are really nice bar stools , especially when compared to others this price . 
the whole unit shuts down . fan does not continue to run . 
power consumption 310w 3.0a standard plug http : www.sunpentown.com sd30pidewien1.html 
it 's 56db . no quieter model with the similar spec . 
i 'm not 100 % sure , but i believe it is 90 days . just fyi . i 've had this running continuously for a month and a half without a problem . works great . 
hello , the `` bucket '' is very easy to remove . the unit does a really good job ... the capacity of the container is smaller than i would like it to be and you will have to empty daily ... but it is a mioni-workhorse and has been totally reliable . i would buy again . hope this helps 
i think you 'd be fine with this if you can drain it by gravity with a hose . otherwise , i 'd say you 'll be emptying it a lot for your space . 
it has different fan speeds . mine is close to my tv and no problem . 
it depends on how much moisture you have , but i am using it in a basement room about this size . it works well there . 
i just checked . the are clearly not designed to be removed but can be . the wheels are the normal type casters seen on office stuff like filing cabinets or bins . the wheels attached to a metal plate about 1 '' square which appears to slide snap into place on the plastic case . i 'm sure with a little effort you can easily remove them -- i did n't try . btw , i find the spt to be amazingly effective -- i live in a motorhome and the humidity was creating problems with our cabinets till i started using it . also discovered how much more comfortable it is with it running . 
they all seem to be similar , but so far , it has done a great job . we do not run it in winter . we do not use the hose connection . i like to see how much moisture is being taken out of the air . keep the filter clean . 
about average -- if mounted or set on rubber or foam pad it would be pretty low 
we run it in our basement , so it 's not in the same place where we spend most of our time . you can definitely hear it , but it 's a low hum . equivalent to a white noise machine . 
it does make more noise when the compressor is on but to me it is tolerable and much better than the other 2 units i had in the past . 
power consumption : 720w 6.9a 
i actually did n't think it required much in the way of being careful - the unit shuts off due to the bucket being full when it 's still a good 3-4 inches from the top and it slides out very easily , so you 'd almost have to go out of your way to slosh water out of it . furthermore , it has a built-in handle in the middle of the bucket that lifts right up , making it incredibly easy to carry it with one hand ( allowing you to open doors , tip up the bottom to pour it , etc . with your other hand ) . 
winter where i am has not been consistently cold enough for me to be sure . we have had a few cold days . the dehumidifier kept running without freezing over but extracted moisture at a slower rate . it also provided some heat . i 'm not sure , but i believe the manufacturer claims the unit can run at lower temps . i hope this helps . 
yes , you may use the garden hose . please review user manual for size of the hose ( page 7 ) . http : site.sunpentown.com sd-31e.41e.61e.71e_manual.pdf http : www.sunpentown.com sd70pidewien1.html 
air flow cfm ( high low ) : 188.3 164.8 
i 'm guessing one year but gets doubled using american express . had it running on super high in garage in n.c. mountains 24 7 and she works beautifully . 
it will run while its dehumidifying and for a few minutes after the compressor shuts off ; unless you have it on continuous mode . 
we put it right on the stove . love it ! 
the one i received is as pictured , a light purple . it is pretty but definitely not blue . luckily my wife likes purple . 
hi , it does not say where it is made on the item itself , and i no longer have the box . it is well made however , and has a black enamel interior . it 's quite hefty , and the strainer is wide and large to keep the tea leaves from being too crowded . hope that helps . 
enamel . 
i would say its about 4 inches across , or the size of a coffee mug opening . i purchased it for my woodstove and was disappointed at how small the kettle actually is . needless to say , its now an expensive decoration . 
when my daughter opened it for christmas it was attached . 
yes . : ) 
i would guess so . you will want to keep it well oiled to reduce the possibility of rust . 
yes . i make tea in but i usually reheat the tea by placing the pot on the stove and it 's fine . 
i 'm not sure about it being a gift . i bought mine for home use and it came in a box , i think the pics online are to better display it . 
i 've thrown my instruction booklet away , but ca n't for the life of me see putting this in the dishwasher . warm soapy water with a soft cloth is all you need to clean this kettle . if you have a model with color on the outside , any knicks will show the stainless steel shell underneath . if you do n't want to deal with that , i recommend buying one of the plain stainless steel models with no color . 
yes , i bought this for my mother and she has an induction . it works well . pending someone else saying the pain chips , i have this kettle as does my mother and our paint has remained intact with no chips . 
you can leave the spout cover open if you prefer not to hear the whistle . it locks in the open position . 
i have a gas stove so i ca n't really answer your question . i can only tell you that the tea kettle is heavy duty and has a totally flat bottom . if you use heavy stainless steel cookware on your ceramic or glass cooktop surface ; i would assume this kettle will work as well . but i went online to this company 's website and got a number for you to call and ask questions : 561-353-3906. it is an excellent product . 
it did the same for me . i purchased the teal for myself and red for my mother . i disregarded the photo not turning the proper color and relied on the final product descriptions and each was ordered successfully . trust it when it says teal , even if they photo is read . 
it is made in china like almost everything ! i do like the tea kettle because it has a flat wide bottom which heats the water fast and the color gives a burst of fresh color to my kitchen ! 
stainless steel interior . no enamel coating . 
the cord is not detachable and is approximately 32 inches long . 
yes 
the one we have is marked 120v , 60hz , 1300w . made in china . hope this helped . 
standard 110v . 
yes , i love the burners and the set is exactly as pictured ( 2 burners ) . 
yes 
no 
i 'm not sure exactly what it weights but it is not too . heavy easy to manevour . 
i do not know exact weight , but it is heavy . 
i did not compare to the model you are asking about . i recommend going to the best buy website and using their compare feature to see what the difference is . could be motor size ? weight ? width of sweeper ? type of roller . the nimble has a self-cleaning feature on the roller that is lovely . good luck ! 
yes , there are 2 push button options . one for hi low carpet and the second one for barefloors ; which turns off the brush . 
yes 
giving as a gift - have not taken out of package . 
i do n't know what you are asking . the box it comes in was about 12 x 12 x 4 inches , if i remember correctly . it was a long time ago . it has a fitted sheet , a top sheet , and a standard pillow case . the comforter came separately . 
i 'm sorry no . 
absolutely you can use the cup without the lid . it is like a starbucks cup lid , but made from silicone . 
i measure mine to be 6.25 inches ( 15.9 cm ) without the lid 
mine does n't have a resin coating . no lead in mine either . the cup is good the lid is less than desirable . cheap and flimsy . 
looks like 9cm ( +- 1mm ) . the lid on mine was garbage . do n't get me wrong , if you like coffee dripping down your front , this is the lid cup for you . i got the black cup all of the black has flaked off . it has never been in a dishwasher or fully submerged in water ( because i believed the care instructions ) . this cup does do a fantastic job of keeping the hot stuff hot and the cool stuff cool , and all i have to say about that is `` how does it know ? '' i do n't know nothin ' 'bout no aeropress . hope this is helpful . 
i do n't remember . i left it at work after it leaked all over my hand on the way to work . just walking to the train it was spilling out the sides as the lid would n't fit on snuggly . 
no , that is a good product 
yes , it 's a small sippy hole and you ca n't close it . 
the pot has an inside diameter of 15 5 8 '' , height of 12 '' , length of probe is 2.5 '' . handles are riveted and welded , plenty strong to hold the pot full of water 
it is but very time consuming if you are using for brewing beer . best bet is to get a burner from home depot and a dmll propane rank if possible 
about 4 gallons to cover the probe , this kettle is intended for 5 gallon finished batches 
yes it does work in this brewer . i have that exact brewer and when you remove the k-cup holder in the brewer , the my k-cup sits perfectly . the only thing i have found is that the water does not always directly come out of the spout . it all makes it into the cup , but it can get a little messy sometimes . 
buy the red blue ones instead of this one . to use this one you 'll have to remove the keurig cup and insert this one in . it 's inconvenient . buy the red or blue one that looks like the basket insert of this one but it has a cover . that works very well because it 's exactly the same size of the k-cup . you can just put your coffee in that basket close the basket lid and put it in the machine as you normally put the k cup in . it 's a lot more convenient to use than this one . 
it will fit . i purchased this for a mr. coffee but do not use it . i may have overfilled the cup , but the coffee went everywhere when it started brewing . i was cleaning coffee from every crook and crany for days . 
i have a b60 and this reusable system works well for me . use a medium-fine grind , however . the typical coffee grind is too course and the resultant coffee will be weak . with the medium-fine grind , the cup of coffee is strong , with just a bit of coffee silt at the bottom of the cup . 
no and yes it is made cheap so the filter part tore 1st time i washed 
the coffee powder goes into the piece with the net . then place the net ( with coffee ) in the larger piece and then put the lid on . this set will go into the brewer , but only after you pull out the original part out of the machine . it should look alike . also , you want to make sure this replacement part fits your k cup brewer . i could not fit this in since it is different shape and does not fit in my machine . 
i have the k45 and it does not work well with it . it leaks . 
the mesh is plastic . 
i 'm not sure about the model number . i 'm pretty sure it would work with most k cup machines . 
good machine , works great 
sounds like you have the fountain jet , which is what i have , and it fits perfectly . now if only my wife would let me keep it on the counter . 
yes 
it will hold either . i have had both on the posts and both sizes work fine . i 've never tried to store the bottles in the holes on the left side - i use it to dry the bottles after they 've been washed ( and it works well for that ) . 
yes it does . that is the one i have and it fits perfectly . 
there is approximately 6 '' x9 '' of space for the beverage maker to fit . you 'll have to measure the kitchenaid and see what its dimensions are . 
as long as the base of the revolution is no larger than 6 '' by 9 '' it should fit . 
yes 
i 'm not sure about that model because i have the newer version of the soda stream . i 'm pretty sure it will fit most model . 
i do n't see why it would n't . it is just a tray . there is left over room with older model . 
yes it fits perfectl , holds four flavored three bottles and lids bottlescon pigs this lets them be more sanitary and to be drained of the rinse water , 
i put it at one drip per 11 2 seconds . i usually do it at night so it is done in morning . i have never timed it but i would venture about three to four hours . i then transfer into a capped jar in the fridge , we add a couple of shots to hot brewed coffee and the enhanced taste is amazing . you can warm it for a demi-tasse espresso but it is only for those who like espresso . i sent a jar to a friend and he uses it over vanilla ice cream . he keeps hinting he 's getting low on his `` stash '' . be aware that this is a very fragile piece and not for rough use . i have it on a shelf away from curious hands . i also use a rubber mat in my cast iron sink when washing . so far so good . oh i use cold ozarca mineral water and not tap water . 
fully assembled 18 inches high by 6 inches around . 
search for a `` conical separatory funnel '' on amazon and see if you can find one that looks similar . this is part of the reason i bought this unit , after pricing the glass i was very close to the cost . 
hi once you place the order , normally item will arrive in 7-10 business days . we are us base seller 
it 's metal and is quite nice . the only concern i have with this device is that teh glass is very fragile and when you break a part of it , like we and another customer did , the supplier has no way to remedy the situation other than you buying a new unit . in my case he made an exception and sold me just the broken coffee holder for $ 25 ... but i had to wait over three months for it to arrive . 
i purchased ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b000ltocsg ) , but am still using the filters that came with the unit . the filters are really only a paper circle , i do n't believe you 'll find a stainless or ceramic to replace it . 
i too broke the top by putting ice in . thin glass . searched the net to not find replacement . ended up upgrading system . 
yes we do . you can find the shipping cost after you adding it into your shopping car , before you check out . thanks 
we ship the goods with extra caring and packing to avoid damages during transition . 
yes we can . you will see the shipping cost when you check out . thanks 
the answer is yes , with one inch plus of clearance so they are easy to remove . i have 8 of these . they also hold regular cans of stewed tomatoes , soup , etc . they are very sturdy , easy to assemble and they are n't tippy at all . hope this helps . 
hi , the two top trays are 10 inches . the ball-bearing rotating base is about 7 inches . ( ca n't get to it to actually put a measuring tape on it . ) but it is small enough that any heavier items must be `` arranged '' to keep it from tilting to the bottom tray enough that it touches the table and does not rotate . hope this helps . 
approximately six inches . 
can not be sure , but i would feel comfortable with up to 20 pounds if somewhat evenly distributed . 
yes , dale , even the supporter rods on mine are made of stainless . it 's really a great product ! 
my shelf is 10 1 2 '' it gives me a 5 '' and a 4 1 2 '' space and i put mine in the corner of my shelf so that i can turn it and get what i want even if it is clear in the back of the shelf . very handy 
i have approximately 40 spice jars in various sizes between the two tiers . it does n't look that big , but you 'll be amazed at how much you can fit on it . 
it 's 10 1 2 '' . too bad it wo n't work for you . it 's really nice and spins smoothly . 
it comes in a box packaging , and that box has a bar code box printed on it , and just above the bar code it states `` ssls-12-2293 made in china '' 
4 7 8 '' is the space between the bottom and top shelf 
no i am pretty sure it is not 5lbs . unfortunately i can not weight it right now . 
i use this paper for flower making , i love it . any thinner and it would crumble . i am a professional pastry chef . 
wafer paper is smooth on one side and has texture on the other . 
it does not curl or loose its shap when printed with edible ink . i have used it often and love it 
yes ! 
mine are dated 05 2016. the sheets are in 2 sealed packages and should be good past the date of expire if kept dry . 
yes , they are sold in the 100 count . please enter this number into the amazon search : b00024wnvi 
i think this is only for cooking , i use them for cakes only . 
this is edible wafer ( rice ) paper used in cooking , baking 
i am sorry we do not ship international via our amazon page . instead visit storenvy.com 
not really . there is really enough room for just a name . it is 15-20 spaces maximum . 
i purchased these , and they adhere great to my scuba gear after multiple dives . i 'm not sure how well they would stick to a bumpy surface - everything i have used them on has a smooth spot somewhere . maybe there 's a support rail or other smooth spot somewhere on the kayak ? 
i applied a few just a couple of days before we went and they stayed on just fine . i do n't see anything that would keep you from going diving very soon after putting them on . 
none of the labels are that tall . i do really like my labels on my scuba gear . 
hi , if you go through the purchase you will be given a chance to input your printing instructions during the checkout by using the gift card option . take note in your instructions that you have your own logo you want to use . i shall email you to ask for that logo file in your reply . thank you for your interest . 
order acknowledgement emails are usually sent a few hours after the order has been received . 
seller will contact you via email . i guess you can attach your logo . 
i am sorry we do not ship international via our amazon page . instead visit storenvy.com 
hi stephen , after you put in your order , we will send you your customization instructions immediately via email . an even faster way is to type in the text name you want printed in the gift message box that you will see in the checkout process . thank you for your interest . 
you can have the tea bags standing up ( which i did because i put multiple types of tea in a single compartment ) and you can only fit like 8-10 in each compartment ( so 64-80 total ) . the compartments are sized perfectly for the standard size tea bag to sit horizontally and you can lay about 14-15 in each compartment ( much more , at about 112-120 ) . hope that helps ! 
the lid does have a hinge . the lid leans back a bit when it 's all the way open . 
no 
height is 3 in . 
about 16 per cubby . so 16 * 8 = 128 . 
there is no latch on the box . it is of delicate construction it could be added but very carefully . 
compartments are 3-1 8 '' x 2-3 4 '' x 2-3 4 '' deep ( high ) 
the compartments are just a tad under 2.75 but length is 3 '' . you can always turn the teabag on its side to have it fit . fits all bigelow , twinnings , green tea , etc . bags . 
w 12 '' x l 7-1 2 '' x d 4-1 2 '' 
the color is sort of maple , but i believe the wood is bamboo . 
10.7 '' deep 27 '' wide 15.5 '' tall 
i have had two sets of 2 tiers of shoes racks and one is set at the entrance of back door . it has gone through a year of rainy weather and one winter season . the rack still looks as nice as it did when i bought it . 
yep , it comes with mounting . not exceptionally stable , but fine if you do n't have kids or pets that will knock it around a lot . 
i tossed it in the dryer with a wet hand towel and it smoothed it right out . the colors really liven up the bathroom , i highly recommend it . 
burgundy red 
8 feet maybe ? 
6 feet long from top of fabric to bottom 
hello , i took the standard measurements that i would require myself if considering the fit of something so here goes : depth=19 inches , width=43 inches , height=54 inches ( this is from the ground to the top of the mirror ) , height from the floor to top of desk writing surface=29 3 4 , mirror height ( from desktop to top of mirror ) =24 inches , and lastly , the chair opening from ground to underside of writing surface=25 inches . i do n't recall the exact purchase date for the one i provided the feedback , but my daughter is a tad rough on her furniture ( not a tom-boy , more like a rhino in a small glass phone booth ) and it has held up beautifully . i can not say that same for the chair as one of the legs collapsed but that damage was the fault of my kids playing around as opposed to inferior quality . she was thrilled the day she received it back then , and she is still very fond of her table . i hope these measurements help you make your decision and if you do make the purchase , i honestly feel that you will not be disappointed . as i mentioned in my review , there are models of this piece of furniture that are significantly more expensive but unless you intend to use this desk in a professional or high-traffic multi-user capacity , it should last for a very long time . good luck to you ! ! do n't hesitate to ask further questions . p. minns orange , ca 
top side drawers ... 11.5 length , 7 width and 1.5 height . middle one ... 11.5 length , 14.5 width and 1.5 height . bottom side drawers ... 11.5 length , 7 width and 3 height . hope it helps you : ) 
this item comes together ; the vanity and the chair within the price . i 'm not sure what you mean by stool ! but if you asking about the chair ; it is practical and you can push it under the vanity . it is a decent size for an adult . 
it is included 
no 
it is really more for a teenager ! it is really a furniture piece ! 
yes it is removable by taking out 4 screws . the supports screw into the back so it would not be visable if against a wall . hope this helps . 
about 33.25 in 
my daughter got nail polish remover on it and it destroyed the paint . the stool that came with it feel apart . my daughter loves it and it looks great in her room but there were those 2 issues . 
what are dimensions ? 
front and sides only . 
more like lime green and white 
the one i got was made just for a day bed . the back side is n't made like the front . i love the one i got . it 's very good quality . 
i 'm sorry i really do n't remember how big the packaging was . i still love this set and would buy it again . 
i have not washed it yet but i was very pleased with the quality and how it looked on my daybed . sorry that i ca n't answer your question on washing it as of yet . 
no , it is twin day bed size . very lovely ! 
all the paperwork included with the brewer clearly indicate it can be used for commercial grade and it is also stamped to indicate such on the bottom . 
yes 
yes to both questions - can use distilled water & not use direct water hook up 
with the coffee pod open it is about 17 '' from base to top of pod . 
the solofil k3 gold is the one i use daily . it works very well . ( not sure about stainless steel ) 
for direct water hook up filter is called kq8 
yes . do n't they all have a 3 prong ? 
the reusable kcup that 's most popular is called my kcup from keurig available bed bath & beyond works great 
i use the solofill reusable kcup it works well with loose leaf tea . you need to break up the leaves first but gives a passable cup when i amkm in a hurry and don '' t have the time to steep a cup of tea 
i am 220lbs . and no problem i think it holds up to 350lbs . 
not sure of the exact weight capacity but i weigh 200lbs and its the nicest chair i have had in a while . 
i am 6 ' 3 '' with a 38 '' inseam and feel very comfortable in the chair after adjusting . 
seat is 19 '' wide and very comfortable . 
i have a 29 inch inseam and when sitting with my back against the seat back , the edge of the chair is before where i bend my knees . hope that description helps . 
at the widest part of the seat the width is 20 inches . the seat is 19 inches deep . hope this helps . 
they should have come with the chair -- typical follow the picture instruction booklet . 
looks like leather , is not leather -- but , more importantly , on this chair it is at an angle leaning forward that is uncomfortable ... do not buy this chair 
they are pretty compact . about 25 inches by 25 by 10 inches 
hey there . for me , the lumbar support is good , and i 'm a big guy ! hard to judge personal preferences when it comes to comfort though . great value for the price . hope this helps west 
i had n't thought about the '' tang , '' so i googled oxo and tang and they claim `` full tang '' . i have always been pleased with anything i buy from oxo and i have n't had any problems with this set , so i am happy with my purchase . careful ... 
crazy super awesome sharp ! i use the heck out of these knives just about every day . love them ! 
mayo and butter . all the good stuff ; - ) 
i have always washed them in the dishwasher and so far not had any problems with it . 
the most common use for the spreader is for spreadable cheese and other spreads . place it on the tray with the crackers and spread when serving . also use it for spreading frosting on cupcakes and cakes . to smooth out the frosting , warm the spreader with warm water . dry it before using it on frosting . this entire set is awesome ! best knife set i have ever used ! 
i have a magnetic strip for a different set of knives , but i put a few of the oxo knives up to see if they would hang , and they were fine . 
the mirror is 9 '' x17 '' 
wall opening :14w x 24h x 4d 
wall opening :14w x 24h x 4d 
no it does not have a cover that can be removed for laundering in the washing machine . the tag on the pillow reads : `` hand wash in warm water with a mild detergent , then air dry or use a warm ( not hot ) setting on a hair dryer. `` this is to prevent the fabric from getting punctured due to the beads inside . i hope this is helpful . 
it 's not heavy but feels firm and comfortable in all dimensions . 
it probably can . it does n't flatten out but it squishes around . sorry i ca n't give you more info . i gave it to my friend because it is extremely warm and did n't work for me . 
what snap ? it just wraps around your neck , it 's plush with beads in it . 
yes it is and i love this pillow drys great also 
yes it is not 
no ... totally stitched and smooth 
it is stitched- no zipper 
yes , washes up nicely . 
yes , one side gives you a cooler feeling ; theothr gives you a warer feeling . 
it is a gray micro swayed on one side and a stretch nylon on the other side . i do not care for this pillow at all , when you put your head down on it , all the beads spread and you are just lying on material ; you have to bunch the micro beads up together . it is also too large around in the middle for me , but i am a very small person . 
no , you would have to tear out the stitching . 
yes they are washable , but you can not but them in the dryer . 
i can not detect any odor . 
yes , we `` practiced '' in a recliner with them for our flight : ) 
i do not know if manfacturor recommends it or not but i wash mine on gentle . i would sure hate for all those little beads to get in my washer . i put it in dryer for a few minutes and then air dry . so far the results have been fine . 
it was the regular bedding package like you 'd see at a store 
just the comforter , the sheets and pillow case is seperate but mine was of good quality , the doc tent for the bed was poorly made and expensive for the money . but basically every thing is sold seperately 
very good and will keep your little one warm 
no - the twin size fits just twin perfectly . for a full double size , it will be to short . 
twin sized comforter only 
comforter only 
it 's folded very tightly and packaged in one of those plastic zipped bags . not sure of the exact dimensions as we recycled the bag . 
just do it ! 
i do n't know . did n't pay attention . can tell you they 're very comfortable and i fell asleep with my granddaughter , on her bed , and no wrinkles on my face when i woke . 
no it 's just the sheet set . the quilt is seperate . 
twin bed size . made for newer , thick tall mattresses . i do n't have exact dimensions . is at my granddaughter 's home . she actually has on her bed right now . 
yes , it can despite what the others have said . you would need a 5 gallon water bottle and optional pump available directly from the manufacturer . this setup is available for offices etc . that do n't have plumbing access to tap into . 
wish i knew . mine quit working after two years . and during a time that i had nearly given up coffee . it was barely used . tried to contact the seller but no response . i dont think i would buy one if i were you . 
you can obtain an adobe pdf file version from brew express website under support section of their website http : brewexpressdirect.com product-info bec-110-op.pdf 
i see no reason why you can not , the unit comes with a round coffee filter basket for brewing full pots of coffee and also a conical basket for brewing individual cups of coffee , tea , etc . to be sure you might also ask that question to brewexpress the manufacturer , according to their website they can be reached at 866.268.5953 . 
i think any water filter that has the right outside diameter hose dimension should work , but you may want to call brew express , they have an 800 number but they are only there during the week ... good luck 
do not know the temp . one cup , five cups , and ten cups . 
i believe the confusion is noting the difference between `` built-in '' and `` counter-top '' models . brew express makes both , but the adapter plate is used strickly for the retro-fit of the `` built-in '' model of the be-110 to fit in place of the existing be-112 model . this counter-top model bec-110 is not a `` built-in '' model . i would suggest visiting brew express 's service website at www.brewexpressdirect.com and you will find your answer for retro fit . 
no that would n't work . you need water pressure from a live line to make it work . 
2-3 hours after brewing i find it hot enough to enjoy . i 've never let it go longer than that . 
we have had this unit operating since mid january , 2015. we love it . still works as in day 1 . 
i do n't believe it is , i always hand wash mine . 
i would n't put anything hot in it even though it 's double walled the heat of the coffee or cocoa could make it uncomfortable to handle . i feel that the glass and straw could hold up to the heat . 
just one tumbler . the picture is showing the pictures design on each side . 
i believe so yes 
it is printed on the plastic cup . there is no insert on this product . 
looks like particle board covered with wood contact tape . 
great unit for the price . be aware that the uv bulb has a life span , they all do . you can get a replacement at www.replacementlightbulbs.com # g4t5 for 3.50 . 
hi , the only reason it indicated not to is because some people do n't like the smell of ozone it produces , or some has allergic reaction to it . but if you are ok with that , you can do so . 
i did have to send this item back . it just did not do a good job . 2 filters could be washed , but not the hepa filter . it can be vacuumed . i did order a sky ionic air purifier and it works fine , so far . 
really well , think you would be happy with it..we are 
the frame is about 6 inches off the floor 
yes , very easy to adjust . wing nut type screws and you just pull the frame to the size you want . 
i am sorry i can not answer that question . i can say that the bed frame leg cracked i 'm half and my bed fell to the floor . they will not replace it without me spending more money for another one . i spent over an hour and a half on the phone and still do n't have a new one . i do not recommend this company or product . 
i do n't know i have a king . sorry . 
yes you do or the mattress will fall through when you lay on it . 
not that i remember . why do n't you go to malouf 's website and look there for an answer . you might be able to email them directly . 
no , not long enough . 
no 
not other than nuts and bolts ... there are already premade holes at the head of the bedframe . 
5.25 '' square shape by 3.5 '' high deep 
look at the picture closely , it says 40 ounces , and there is a pack of 3 of them . it would never be 40 ounces for all 3 in total . 40 ounces is equal to 5 cups . 
it says on the front picture- 40 ounces . that 's 5 cups . 
i have an 18 '' mattress and it did not cover at all . was very disappointed . it 's pretty , but i am using it to cover my couch . 
this is actually a king size . i have a high mattress and it does hang over , kind of as pictured , but because my bed mattress is high , the bedskirt i have does show some . however , i think it would look just fine even as pictured , considering the price . 
off beige background it has maroon , green , pea green , pinks . this will go with a multitude of colors . this is a very nice quilt bedspread which i liked even more . i always order king size because i like the longer look on my bed . used them on full size now i am using them on my queen size bed that has drawers under it . love the way they fall . i hope this will help you . 
different shades of green , tan , beige , dark burgundy , golds white , etc . very multicolored . i love this quilt . very satisfied with it . 
king only 102 '' x 96 '' 
no matching curtains that i am aware of . love the quilt and shams though . i have french doors in bedroom going onto the deck so i did n't need any curtains but did n't really look for them 
the floral blocks are bordered with a tan strip . may be actually a different color than that , but you know men and colors . 
it 's covered in the material used in the trimming . very nice 
brown , tan green red and beige . it is very nice and is easy to keep clean . 
i do n't no if that is king sized . my wife bought one and she loves it . we have a queen and it is very high quality . good luck 
not this particular one , but a similar one , model 414061. it has a faux slate lower shelf and the doors attach either side . 
19.875w x 7.5d x 28.75h inches 
yes , it does need to be assembled . 
the inside is 18.375 inches tall and 17.875 inches wide . the outside closed portion is 19.75 inches tall and 19.125 inches wide . 
for the price we think so- we are pretty happy wth this 
its not cardboard like some are its a thin fiber board or masonite 
not really pressboard with veneer . 
i do n't think it can be painted with minwax . although the exterior is very good quality , after looking at it , i do n't think it would absorb minwax the way regular wood does . sorry . 
no 
it 's 6 '' . very nice piece . 
6 big rolls ... .i just tried it 
there is one adjustable shelf behind the door . you screw the unit to the wall , so it should be easy to put up and take down . 
the depth of the cabinet is 5.5 inches ... the bottom shelf sticks out a little further at 7.5 inches . 
hope this helps = ) 23.3 x 7.6 x 24.6 inches 21 pounds -keana 
more like an espresso 
10.25inch x14.5inch 
my husband put ours together . he did n't have any trouble at all . it is very nice ... i hope you get it to work ! 
the faux is not the problem ... the problem is the cheap composite fake wood with plastic `` stick over '' that makes it cheap looking and the cardboard back . 
yes it does 
22.5 '' wide by 7.75 '' deep 
no it does not . 
23.5 '' high x 21 '' deep x 10 '' wide approx 
no , but we have n't had any issues with bags falling in . 
no ... it does not have a way to lock it . 
yes you could use generic bags but they will most likely show . i have never used generic bags though so i 'm just speculating . 
yes . there are 4 holes for sprinkling and a slot for pouring . 
my estimate is 0.5 cup by volume . 
it 's a screw-on lid , and there is no silicone gasket to keep it sealed . however , it is a very tightly fitting lid . i have n't had any problem with herbs in them but i 'd avoid finely ground spices that might get in the grooves of the lid and make it difficult to close . 
no . since the containers are sideways when magnetized to something , you have to lift the lid off every time . 
i bought this chair for a friend and she has had several problems with it not working properly . i urged her to return it but she did not want to bother . i think most of the lift chairs have a lifetime warranty on the lift mechanism but the problems are always with the frame . i have not had any better luck with another brand that i paid $ 1300+ for . i 'm fortunate that i have sons who are carpenters and they have been able to keep mine going . sorry i ca n't be more help . if i were going to purchase it again , i would buy the warranty they sell with it . 
no , they come up automatically as the chair goes back , and visa versa . 
the chair is currently at my folks summer cottage so i ca n't give you a direct measure but i would say it is about 20 '' 
yes 
weight limit 250 but 325lb no problem and no noticeable performance issues.width between arm rest 20 '' + . would not recommend for wide heavy-weight ( 400lb x 24 '' butt ) , but have used chair over 2yr trouble free.kids play on it family members sleep on it and it still looks new 
well , we used just a standard outlet . what is funky about the plug you have ? 
no , the leg rest reclines automatically with the back . 
typo ( 300 lbs . is correct ) 
the manufacturer says that the chair has a sturdy steel power lift actuator & scissor mechanism with an up-to 300lbs weight limit 
we do n't have ours against the wall but i would say about 1 ft. maybe 2 ft. tops . 
not really microfiber to me . more on the order of thin corduroy . it is for my mom and she loves it..no problems with hair or crumbs..hope this helped 
yes , it should work well for her . 
is this chair in wine color ? ? ? 
there are only two buttons ... .one to recline and the other to put it back to sitting position . if you continue holding the button after it gets to the sitting position it then starts the lift function . 
no , i 'm 5'3 '' and it does n't even reach mid thigh on me . 
dear laurel , this item is free shipping in our store . maybe you placed the order from the wrong seller . if you have any question , pls feel free to contact me . best regards ! yours sincerely , abby 
i mean , how much bigger ? i wear a size 11 , and it fits me fine with a few inches left in the ribbons that tie the back . if they are n't long enough , you can always stitch a few inches of ribbon onto the ends . that 's actually what i 'm doing with the ribbon on the neck -- it 's too long for me , but if i cut and hem it , it 'll be too short , so i 'll be cutting it and then attaching a few more inches of plain back ribbon to the ends . 
hi , yes ! you are guaranteed to receive this item by june 12 ! thank you ! 
dear kathleen , thank you for your inquiry . the quantity you want is available and please place the order directly , we 'll dispatch your order asap . if you have any question , pls feel free to contact me . best regards ! yours sincerely , abby 
dear elisa , sorry for the inconvenience . we do n't have the pink color of this item . if you have any question , pls feel free to contact me . best regards ! yours sincerely , abby 
depends on how she likes to wear things , with slacks it will be fine . with mini dress it would be too long . normal length dress , midi or maxi it is ok 
should be ok. my girlfriend is 5'2 and it fits her fine so 4'10 should be ok i would think . 
yes . my girlfriend , who is 5'1 , had to alter the neck strap becsuse it was to long on her 
dear katherine , sorry for the inconvenience . we do n't have child size . wish to serve you next time . best regards ! yours sincerely , abby 
no 
yes they actually look better stored under the table . this is the way we leave ours . 
if you have experience with painting tile or plastic surfaces you probably could . would need to sand it , and use some kind of enamel paint or something . it 's quite a nice look though to be honest . it 's has good definition in the pattern unlike a cheap faux-marble . 
yes 
fake . not solid either . it 's a cheap flimsy faux marble laminate . do not buy . cheap junk ! 
250 # are very safe . you need to build ( screw ) them together solidly . we like ours . 
it 's cheap junk . do n't buy it . comes damaged every time . 
yes 
it 's a great table set . it 's only flaw are the stools they are wobbly . 
for the 7mins i had it out the box , as far as i remember it was dark brown ! i opened the box started to put it together , the wood was shabby and uneven . i put it right back in the box sent it back to the seller . good luck if you purchase ! 
sorry , do n't have an answer to that . i would go to the manufacturer or retailer directly for that question . it takes the weight of a pc , amp & pvr just fine for me . 
yes , you will have to align the shelf that the cable box is on so you can see it thru the glass window . 
yes 
the unit has a single door that opens to provide access to the entire cabinet . 
2 shelves and yes 
yes , the dimensions are accurate and 19 '' is the width . the interior shelves are 17 '' wide and about 16.25 '' deep . 
it 's clear . 
sure ... if you set it on top . the top does not open . 
19 '' wide , 14 '' deep with a raised edge on all 4 sides 
yes height adjustable . 
twenty eight ( 28 ) inches . sorry it took so long to answer but i have my granddaughter visiting and have n't been on internet since she came . she loves it as well as i do . 
the side of the table where the sliding cup holder is located will bend over time . there is a weakness in that side of the table because of the cup holder . the table will sage on that side if a laptop computer is used over a short period of time . otherwise the table is all right . 
yes you can but , you have to be careful . the plastic slot you put the bar in is very cheap . it will crack . i cracked 3 trays putting it together . i dont like these trays . 
20 '' wide , 16 '' deep , 1 2 '' raised edge all around . 
the height can be varied . i have my tables connected at the 3rd from the bottom leg holes . this gives me a height of 23.5inches from floor to the top . 
u 
i do n't see the word kosher on the bottles but if you really want to know check www.concessionequipment.net . the syrups are manufactured for deuester company . 
water , high fructose corn syrup , citric acid , artificial flavor , sodium bensoate ( perservative ) is in all of them & then in the blue raspberry fd & c blue # 1 ; in the grape fd & c red # 40 , and fd & c blue # 1 ; cherry fd & c # 40 ; orange is natural flavor ( gum arabic , glyceryl abietate , brominated soybean oil ) , fd & c yellow # 6 , fd & c red # 40 ; strawberry is gum arabic , soybean oil , brominated soybean oil , bha , fd & c red # 40 and antifoam . 
grape , orange and cherry . the other three are ok , though . 
a lot . not sure how many but we bought the 6 pack at christmas , which is enough for along time . 
each bottle contains 32 oz of syrup 
plastic 
hi . it already has water in it . no need to add anything but ice ! 
they can last for months once opened if refrigerated . 
on the right hand side , bottom of label is sell by date . also , the batch # . : - ) 
hi . you can use those flavors for just about anything . no need to add water because they are already ready to be used . they have a great flavor just the way it is . 
hi charles , yes , they are supposed to be 2 pieces . the little top is supposed to come completely off the larger piece and sort of float on top of the larger while boiling . the whole idea is to let the boiler-over bubble , as it will , while the little top is still covering it , well , floating over it ... : - ) hope that helps . 
i just lifted it and any fluid drained back into my soup , then i stirred it . i did n't really remove the cover and put it on a plate ... just lift , stir and put it back in place . hope this helps . i still love mine . 
i have n't used it as a steamer but it should work well . the center insert is light but seals well on the silicone . it acts like a lid and only when liquid hits it does it lift up to allow the liquid to bubble up into the boil over part . 
yes soap and water or dishwasher it works just like it says it does 
all you have to do is set the cover on any 6 '' to 10 `` pot and when the water comes to a boil it does n't go all over the stove , it stay in the lid . that way you can turn it down to the temperature you want it to cook at . simple but so far it always works for me . it was delivered in a box from amazon and in a plastic bag from the seller . hope this answers your question . 
the company says yes . 
yes it would work great for cooking rice it actually works with anything you are boiling . it is a very good product . 
11.5 inches , so pot 's diameters can be appr . between 6 '' and 10.5 '' . 
you do not need your regular pot lid . just use the boil over . it will control any boil over while your pot is cooking and help maintain your heat level . works like a charm and is easy to clean afterwards . 
i 've never had that trouble . the inside lid may raise some , but i 've never had it boil out over the outside ring . 
i purchased the brown . and they were true brown 
i am sorry , not in this product . please check out our brielle 100 % modal jersey sheets . we have all sizes in them . 
yes , that is how i would describe it . maybe a touch lighter than that , but as a guy , brown is brown . : ) 
like the first picture , on the wooden floor with the bamboo stalks ? if so ; no , it does not . it instead is a cheap sleeping bag , not a bed , that looks madly different from the adorable picture advertisement . 
2.7x1.7 
it has not arrived yet lol so i dunno . 
in the event you mean lead crystal . there is nothing to indicate that , my opinion is no not at this price . they are very nice will make any couple proud to have them of their special occasion . i do recommend them . 
dear customer we ship only within the 48 contiguous states in the usa . however , if you know someone within the united states who would forward the purchased item to you , you can place an order with us and mention the contact 's address in the `ship to ' address field . thank you , stores123 . 
dear customer we ship only within the 48 contiguous states in the usa . however , if you know someone within the united states who would forward the purchased item to you , you can place an order with us and mention the contact 's address in the `ship to ' address field . thank you , stores123 . 
we do not offer engraving on this product . 
no they do not 
yes , they can be engraved and there 's an additional cost . follow this link for pricing and engraving options : http : yourformalwearstore.carlsoncraft.com celebration-supplies glassware zb-zbk20772-raindrop-flutes-with-swirl-stand.pro # imageselect=110689 thanks 
i 'm not an expert on engraving , but i certainly do n't see any reason why they could n't be ! 
no . also they suck . the `` copper '' is some kind of fancy sticker that will peal over time . and the handles are to thin for how heavy the pans are . no control . 
they are stainless steel and copper lined on the outside . 
according to groupon and shophq , kevin dundon cookware is made in china . 
i have not used them in the oven . anyhow , like i said , it 's not a good quality product . i wish i could return them but i threw away the box . 
yes they do ! 
yes you can get it in black , we are working on add it to the inventory , ,thank you for inquiring 
no , i 'm so sorry . the only other table we have is actually bigger . in home furniture of san antonio , tx 
it is shiny : ) 
didn t buy the chairs 
dear gbreeze , we sell the matching white side chairs ( 4 ) for $ 475.00 at http : www.amazon.com gp product b00bqlnyj6 . 
the table is white glossed wood and unfortunately only comes in white at this time . so sorry for the delay , i did not see this post . 
dear wendy vereb , thank you for your inquiry . unfortunately , we do not carry cramco furniture at this time . i just went through all of our product inventory and could not find chairs to match the one 's from the virgo set . i can see why they are appealing , as they have arms . the only chairs we have that are similar are n't with the modern `` chic '' theme , but more casual with wood and arms . just in case you are interested in making separate purchases from different sellers to get the set you want , i did a little research and found the chair product number from the cramco sight : f5787-04 . i hope this helps . please let me know if you need any further assistance . thank you , irene berns in home furniture of san antonio 
sorry , we ca n't make it . it would ship from china so i do n't think it could make it . would you mind check out some us store ? 
yes , you can . please send the photo to us . the price is same as you see 
just the 1 side.. 
after you placed the order , then email us and tell us you wan na design the other side of the pillow . then provide us with the picture or text . we 'll design for you and send you the picture to let you confirm it . please also kindly note that you should pay extra $ 3 for a pillowcase with 2 sides . thank you 
of course & # 65281 ; 
i 'm not sure about kg . i have my doubts if it will weigh with that small an increment . in pounds it weighs to the nearest .2 pound . ( ie . 4.2 , 4.4 , 4.6 , 4.8 ) 
i have had no problem with battery power and have not needed to use it plugged in . sounds like you have a bad battery or a returnable scale . 
my scale shows zero and when i put a box on top the weight changes . 
nope . alex 
hello ... ... .it is a very nice scale , however , the minimum scale is .2 lb ... ... ..example : .2 - .4 - .6 - .8 - 1lb - 1.2 etc . etc . hope that helps ! neil 
yes , it will run on a battery . i have used it in a storage area without power . it uses a 9v battery . 
the unit comes with everything you need , just plug it in and use . 
150 pounds 
i do n't think this dymo digital heavy duty scales has a usb connection . - j.m . 
0.2 lbs , i just double checked with mine . 
it is a glass lined thermal carafe . 
the thermal carafe is glass lined inside . i put hot tap water in it to warm it like you 'd do with a thermos , but it is not necessary to do this . i hand wash the inside with a scrubbing tool that came withe the coffee maker . you would not put this carafe in a dish washer . 
about 6 minutes or less . 
it 's 12 inches . 
i use the plastic filter holder that came with it and have n't had that issue . 
no you can not . the gold filter is the wrong shape as well . it is a basket shape and not a cone . the saving grace of this strange combo is the coffee maker is excellent . 
the bottom of my unit says made in china . i have had it for several months and it works flawlessly . very well made machine . best of all ; excellent coffee . 
elisabeth , i stuck a measuring tape in mine , and it looks like this will be perfect for what you need . it works very well , and is great quality ! 
slightly less than 6.5 inches . hope this is helpful 
hi . this handle is pretty easy to turn . if your mother can use a spoon to stir she should be able to use the sifter . hope this helps . 
i have n't had any issues cleaning it . i use a bottle brush to get in between the wires . 
it fits just under five cups . the sifted flour comes out in the bottom and not all over the place . 
no . to sift out brand you need a fine mesh flour sifter that is much finer than the crank one . the crank sifter holes are too big to filter out the bran.i grind my own wheat berries and the rsvp endurance did n't do much when it comes to removing the bran . 
thank-you for your inquiry and that is made overseas in china . thank-you 
not sure , but it is heavier wt . than other sifters i 've had . feels and works like a good quality sifter -- that it is , 
the opening at the top is 4 3 4 in diameter and the opening at the bottom is 2 1 4 in diameter . hope that helps 
the screen is secured by a metal band . it is very stable . with this sifter , i have not had any of the screen movement or deformation that i have had in other sifters . this is the best sifter i have ever purchased . i used it to make 22 christmas cakes and it operated smoothly and quickly throughout . 
30 x 20 x 0.4 inches 
20 inches by 30 inches . very nice mats . wife and i like them alot ! ! highly suggest buying them . 
20 x 30 
30 '' x 20 '' , 3 8 '' thickness . 
you can message me just like this . the colors available are : merlot - red - black - frost - green - pink - purple - yellow - royal blue - sky blue hope this helps . thanks dessa 
it is for the colors listed in the image , we would be happy to get any color you would like , just send us a message through the sale and we will take care of you , thanks , wes 
yes 
these ship within 48 hours . 
i dried mine in the dryer on low heat , it came out just fine . 
it 's actually more of a dark brown . the plaid pattern in the small squares also has green . there 's no black or navy in it . 
dust ruffle quilt 3 pillow shams 
it is more ivory cream , not pure white 
thanks for your question ! as on january 12 , 2014 we do n't have matching curtains available on the site . i have done a quick search of our catalog and the closest thing i found was a matching valance . if you 're interested you can view it here : www.amazon.com dp b001qc3ucg you might also like to browse the 'customers who bought this item also bought ' section of the detail page for similar items . i hope you find something suitable ! 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog i was unable to find this quilt in twin size . here 's a link to similar items your daughter may like : 
well i wouldnt call it perfect chapatis , since they come out a little elastic like tortillas but not as much . i used whole wheat flour ( unbleached ) , made a soggy ( almost gooey ) dough , very small ball , and pressed it once really hard at medium heat . after that i transfer it to tava or make phulkas over gas . it takes lesser time than rolling the dough ( i am not very quick at rolling ) . i made 15 chapatis in 6 mins . although they were just a little bigger than puri : ) . its a time saver if you make chapatis like us every day . you just need to figure out the right dough consistency and right heat level . hope that helps . 
i 'm not sure . it 's good for any flat bread . the machine flattens and cooks it . if there 's a filling , it 's best to add it afterwards . otherwise it will spill out when push down on the machine . 
just checked . its 120 volts . do n't think it can do 230 volts . 
of course . it is actually better for re-heating than for making them . i do n't think it is a great appliance for preparation . 
yes , it has nonstick surface on the inside . i am guessing you want to make rotis . i usually press for the flat round rotis and transfer them to a tava . because it does not puff up like you want the rotis to . 
dear k. beene ... .this is very tricky indeed . the most important thing is the quality of your dough . it has to have a good consistency and that means you have to have the dough very soft indeed . the best and the most ideal way to avoid the tortillas sticking to the plates , either upper or the lower one , is that you make sure that you set the temperature to the max and do not lift the upper plate immediately but leave it for at least 20 seconds and then lift the upper plate and having done that you will notice that the tortilla had not stuck to the plate and now the tortilla is ready to be flipped . i hope you will find this suggestion suitable and workable . i did exactly this way and it was okay . try it and i am sure you will succeed in your efforts . write to amazon about your experience after applying this method ... ... farhatullah sharif 
you apply the pressure with the handle . for instance , too much pressure will pulverize a corn tortilla . 
both sides get hot . 
yes it does 
it works on 120v . you would need an adaptor ! ! that decreases you outlet in order for it to run ob 220v . and as a side note it does not have edges so if to are trying to make them from scratch it slides the dough very difficult to press . but if you are just warming already pressed tortillas it works great ! ! 
sorry ... that size is prohibitive as shipping get very high and is prone to driving broken . thanks for your inquiry.. jt 
yes i do have various pieces of the stone in stock i can cut it to your dimensions or shape . you can send me more details on your wishes and i can stay in touch during the whole order and ship process from 8fifty6967968 or via messaging via this venue . thanks 
sorry ... the largest i usually send without problems in arriving ok are usually under 1 inch thick 24 '' -l x 24 '' -w. you might want to check with countertop companies locally for that size . the weight would be around 200 # ... . the ones i custom cut are more for being able to move and use for other applications like cold & hot serve slabs ( sushi , frozen deserts , ... .. or hot serve ... pizza-lasagna , ... ... ) thanks ; jt 
i can do that ... a normal price would be 75 each plus an average packaging & shipping of $ 45 each . also with insurance coverage included . you can also get me 4 pix 8fifty-sixtynine6 seventy-nine & sixty ate ... . what colors were you interested in ? dark ? light ? dominant color in black , white , lite browns , beige , med brown , dark brown , ... also , do you want them to match or be close in color ? thanks ; jt 
yes you can ... what size are you looking for . i offer a 14 x 25+ inch granite . i have limited options above that size . they run about $ 100 for the largest ones unless you need a custom cut and i can use a special order item number for that . thanks ; jt sorry all caps ... 
hi ; the size of the main picture is 20 x20 '' ... . i also have the white marble in a 15 x 27 '' 
there is no label inside , but my best guess is taffeta ( smooth , slightly starchy , somewhat satin-like fabric ) . it does n't feel like silk , it feels synthetic but not rough or tacky on the hands . the larger panels are the same fabric but different colors and the narrow stripes are a more satin or ribbon like texture . the colors and textures combine well . hope that helps . 
this is a listing for the brown . the last picture shows the other colors available . 
i think it must be a polyester blend . it really it beautiful and i 'm sure you would love it . 
shipping is $ 4.99 per order no matter how many or few . 
i usually do 7 eggs at a time and it takes about 5 min . or less . they are done perfectly . 
no , it does n't . once the buzzer rings , you have to pull the electrical cord from the outlet . 
when the timer goes off it emits a loud alarm . it does shut off but it is important to take the eggs out asap since they will continue to cook even after it shuts off . the alarm will sound until you unplug it . it 's a safety feature . 
i only use large eggs and have had no issues with the time . 
do n't know because my big boss blew up ! ! ! ! 
i have never had that happen . if they cracked when you were peircing them , try using a twisting motion . if they cracked after you put them in , was the unit already hot ? i put me eggs in cold . i may be guilty of not reading the directions , because i 've had other egg cookers . 
large eggs fit in the tray for hard boiled eggs , which works like a gem ! but large eggs are too big for the poached egg tray . will spill over and make a mess . i 've tried it several times and my father has the same problem with the large eggs wit his same cooker . i 'm going to be trying the medium eggs , but have not to this date . 
nope , i have n't noticed any temperature issues . feels like any other mattress i 've slept on ( in that regard at least ) . and it is much cooler than a typical memory foam mattress pad too . 
height 6in width is 39in and length is 75in . 
i emailed the company before buying , and it 's the same dimensions as a twin mattress , although i do n't remember the exact measurements . the owner is more then happy to answer questions . 
i bought a firm , queen size . no , the edge support is not good and after a few months of use it does n't even have a good support in the middle . i do n't know how many coils . 
it comes in a rectangular , tall box all rolled up in a flattened condition . after i removed the heavy item from the box , i spent time rolling it over and over to remove the large amount of shrink wrap except for the last layer of the plastic . at this point , the mattress is still in a flattened condition . it 's no longer rolled up , but with the normal length and width of a mattress . it takes maybe half an hour for the mattress to expand in height to a normal size . 
the dimensions are 79 1 2l x 59 2 8w ( 79.5 x 59.25 - length x width ) and the units are in inches . i bought it as a queen size . 
you can get a box spring for it or a platform bed 
my mattress is 7 '' thick , i just measured it . 
not at all . 
i do n't think that they include any . it 's pretty simple . you place the mattress on the surface that you want it to end up on , take the plastic wrap off and it unfolds and plumps up . 
this bottle cup holder is approximately 13 1 2 inches high and 9 12 inches wide . i am very happy with it . 
i do n't think so ... . 
if not too tall . i use to hang mugs on the hooks . 
i 'm not at home to measure them but my guess is they 're about 3.5 inches . i have coffee mugs on mine and i can easily get 8 or so on it by staggering them on the prongs and tiers . 
i 'll check it out when i get home tonight or tomorrow . i use mine to hold all my coffee mugs . i 'd imagine it would do great with wine glasses . it is really good about not tipping over even if you 've emptied one side . 
yes i believe it can be used outside ... i use it inside to hold my coffee cups 
the curtain is simply a battery-powered audio device . your tablet phone needs to be charged already . the only connection made by this is the 1 8 '' audio connection that plugs into your headphone jack . the curtain takes batteries which power the built-in speakers . also , the picture on this item is wrong and it does not have the large grommets . they are small and require separate hooks . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
well its plastic . you can clean it with some bleach . actually , the one i 've had for about a year now has n't shown any muck on it . it is quiet heavy plastic so if it does get gross or get bacteria on it , you can take it down , take out the ipad iphone , and give it a gentle scrub with some bleach and water . the speakers are sealed into the curtain so they are good . just be sure to seal up the ipad slot so water cant ' get in when you clean it and its as good as new . 
the zipper is a glorified ziplock slider . it 's on the outside of the curtain , so it stays pretty dry inside regardless . i dont see any way to prevent breakage . my bigger concern was that my speakers stopped working after a month . 
three aa batteries according to this link http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
the curtain is simply a battery-powered audio device . your tablet phone needs to be charged already . the only connection made by this is the 1 8 '' audio connection that plugs into your headphone jack . the curtain takes batteries which power the built-in speakers . also , the picture on this item is wrong and it does not have the large grommets . they are small and require separate hooks . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
well its plastic . you can clean it with some bleach . actually , the one i 've had for about a year now has n't shown any muck on it . it is quiet heavy plastic so if it does get gross or get bacteria on it , you can take it down , take out the ipad iphone , and give it a gentle scrub with some bleach and water . the speakers are sealed into the curtain so they are good . just be sure to seal up the ipad slot so water cant ' get in when you clean it and its as good as new . 
the zipper is a glorified ziplock slider . it 's on the outside of the curtain , so it stays pretty dry inside regardless . i dont see any way to prevent breakage . my bigger concern was that my speakers stopped working after a month . 
three aa batteries according to this link http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
the curtain is simply a battery-powered audio device . your tablet phone needs to be charged already . the only connection made by this is the 1 8 '' audio connection that plugs into your headphone jack . the curtain takes batteries which power the built-in speakers . also , the picture on this item is wrong and it does not have the large grommets . they are small and require separate hooks . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
well its plastic . you can clean it with some bleach . actually , the one i 've had for about a year now has n't shown any muck on it . it is quiet heavy plastic so if it does get gross or get bacteria on it , you can take it down , take out the ipad iphone , and give it a gentle scrub with some bleach and water . the speakers are sealed into the curtain so they are good . just be sure to seal up the ipad slot so water cant ' get in when you clean it and its as good as new . 
the zipper is a glorified ziplock slider . it 's on the outside of the curtain , so it stays pretty dry inside regardless . i dont see any way to prevent breakage . my bigger concern was that my speakers stopped working after a month . 
three aa batteries according to this link http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
the k cups do not work . however , you can open them up and empty the k cup into the solofill v1 gold filter as you would do any regular coffee you use with the filter . i did that with a couple of k cup flavors i wanted to try . hope that helps . 
there is an adapter so you may use k-cups but i was not pleased with the results.there were grounds in the coffee after a few uses . i have gone back to the pods which are not as available as the k-cups.i feel the pods work better . 
greetings , on amazon they are $ 22.99 and free shipping via prime membership . thank you , dollarbill 's 
make sure you have the setting set to `` strong '' . also , i 've noticed it depends on what type coffee you are buying . we 've had the best results from the `` medium '' to `` strong '' blends of coffee . 
yes . they are $ 8 from their website the last time i checked . if you bought one and had to return the head only i highly recommend you clean your lines . it is not the brew head that causes the problems , it is the bad water lines . 
the design of the water tank is poor ! the front of the tank is much lower then the back and if you are not careful filling to the fill level indicator , it is easy to overflow in the front of the tank . so far , this is the only leakage problem i have had to date . jeg 
the keurig vue v500 brewer i have has the following brewing sizes : 4,6,8,10,12,14 , & 16 oz settings . remember you have to use the vue cups for this unit . i use the 12 cup setting twice for two servings of coffee . one in the morning and the second at dinner . i also use decaf coffee drinks other than coffee use only the 6 & 8 oz settings . 
yes ! unlike the k , the vue is noisy . it has a click-whir like you described . 
they are plastic with a foil top . the cup can be recycled with # 5 plastics . 
yes 
yes . it goes halfway also . 
as long as you dont move a lot . oh and only on your back . it basically only holds 3 positions . all the way back as pictured , half way back and upright . nothing fancy . decent for the price and they were delivered promptly 
hi there this recliner is made in california , united states . it is very much a us make . : ) hope this helps . 
put feet on and snap back on . less than 10 minutes to put together . 
i think the arm rests would be fine . where the diffulty , in my mind would be , is the back does not sit up straight enough ( for me at least ) . i found that even when watching tv , i have to place a lower back support pillow so my lower back does n't hurt . that is the one problem with the chair in my opinion ( no way to set the back up nearly straight ) . if you go with this as a desktop , you will probably need to do the same . 
15 inches floor to seat 
not very wide , 2-3 inches . 
yes . here is a link to the beige and gray colors . beige : http : www.amazon.com lucas-light-beige-fabric-recliner dp b00bsfsg7a ref=aag_m_pw_dp ? ie=utf8 & m=a195mw1xa7b6pz gray : http : www.amazon.com lucas-fabric-modern-sleek-recliner dp b008pfklce ref=aag_m_pw_dp ? ie=utf8 & m=a195mw1xa7b6pz 
i think its in the north of 55lbs . 
yes 
not really . but have not tested it . 
35 inches exactly 
4 3 4 '' 
the chair is 27 '' across the widest part . i have been very pleased with these chairs . i put them in our guest house and my aged parents have used them every day since mid-december and they are holding up very well . 
it reclines all the way back almost completely flat . 
it 's a beautiful piece but it 's more suitable for 5'3 or less . 
i am 5'4 and back support is enough for me . however , the leg support is short . i hope this is helpful . 
i measured about 22 inches . 
20 1 2 inches from side to side and 23 inches from front to back 
we are shipping from california and it generally takes 2-10 days , depending on where we are shipping it to . 
it has metal bars that suspend bag in place . they run along front and back , not the sides . 
i just tried sitting on it . my assumption was going to be that it would n't make a very stable seat , but it 's actually surprisingly nice to sit on , both with and without a bunch of laundry inside it . the only possible problem for long-term sitting is the height - my feet do n't reach the ground when i sit on it . 
no appears to be oak 
i have not seen where you can get one but try emailing customer support at support @ oceanstardesign.com . thy may be able to point you in the right direction . 
i think it 's cotton , like a course fabric . 
i have n't searched so a replacement liner . the liner can be taken out and washed though . 
hi christine , the dimensions are : 13.2 deep x 20 wide x 24.8 tall inches . please do n't hesitate to contact me if you have further questions . sandy , owner best kitchen products http : www.amazon.com oceanstar-solid-wood-laundry-hamper dp b00bstnd9m ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a3nnj3mr0fi6ow & s=merchant-items & ie=utf8 & qid=1381709228 & sr=1-1 & keywords=oceanstar+solid+wood+spa+laundry 
i really do n't know , but i really do like mine . took a bit of time to put it together , but really sturdy . 
look under product features for dimensions . 
hi . its a medium dark finish . its not oak or cherry but its not a super dark wood either . hope that helps . 
cause they are shot glasses . 
they hold 2 oz 
no ! but they 're very easy to take shots out of , so i strongly recommend them . 
this is not a question 
they are glass . 
no they 're shot glasses 
yes they where made in china and 4 arrived broken 
i would n't recommend these ones , i would look at some other ones . boyfriend and i saw some at a bar that were cool ( he is a 6 ft 4 bear of a man ) and he really liked them . these particular ones are too big , and the shape is not very mason jar-ish . 
not sure if you can find lids or not ... . 
i have not seen any small enough to fit . so , no , i do n't think so , but the ball co. may have some specialty lids if you query them directly . 
the containers themselves are , but remove the lids , and do not put the freezer gel center in the microwave . 
it 's the blue piece in the middle . 
it is 6 1 2 inches square and when expanded for use is almost 4 1 2 inches tall . 
yes it will , and you will have more space , but the small containers will be like all over the place because the freezer tray keep them in place 
very durable . we have a senior using it and a 7 year old . the capacity is just right for lunches or snacks at the park ... stays cold for hours ! 
the lunchbox is made in china . 
yes it states that it is bpa free on the bottom of the container . 
my son used to throw it in his backpack ( with the frozen tray ) and it never leaked . 
6x6x3 
unfortunately , we only have this product in blue , orange or purple . sorry about that ! 
2 - 1 cup round 3.5 inch x 1.75 inch , 2 - 4 cup round 5.6 inch x 2.5 inch , 2 - 4 cup square 5.8 inch x 5.8 inch x 2.2 inch , 2 - 2 cup rectangle 6 inch x 4 inch x 1.5 inch and 1 - 6 cup 8 inch x 6 inch x 2 inch . 
i copied this information from their website : world kitchen , llc promises to replace any pyrex glass product that breaks from oven heat , and any pyrex non-glass accessory item with a manufacturing defect , within two years from the date of purchase . the owner must follow the safety and usage instructions provided with the product . please contact our consumer care center for warranty claims . keep the product . you may be asked to return it . incidental and consequential damages are expressly excluded from these warranties . some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation on incidental or consequential damages , so the foregoing limitation or exclusion may not apply to you . 
yes , it is tempered glass , dishwasher safe and a great set . 
directions that came with the set : ( bought jan 2015 ) to write on : use a soft tip non-toxic permanent marker or a soft tip wet erase marker . writing should be contained to the `` write here '' area and marking on the textured areas should be avoided . you will not be able to remove the ink if it is on the texture area . to remove markings : wet erase marker-simply wash the lid by hand or in the dishwasher . permanent marker-gently rub off using a soft dry dish cloth , paper towel or tissue . should the ink become hard to remove , you can use a few drops of isopropyl alcohol to remove writing . 
usa 
the lids are the only piece that are plastic , thus the only reason it would be labeled bpa free is if the lids are bpa free . bpa is not used in manufacturing glass . so ... yes , the lids are bpa free . 
negative ghost-rider ... no . 
i never put anything plastic in a microwave . you can remove the top and cover with a paper plate or paper towel to reheat . 
the instructions that came with the set ( bought mine at costco ) say `` do not use on or under a flame or other direct heat source , including on a stovetop , under a broiler , on a grill or in a toaster oven . '' it also mentions that they are oven safe to 450 degrees f ( 232.2 degrees c ) 
according to the instructions you are not suppose to put it in the oven from the freezer . they say use a gradual temperature change . i have not tried to put it in the oven from the freezer because of past experince with pyrex that did crack when i put it in the oven . 
each rack will hold 24 -12 oz bottles . you can safely stack the racks 3 high . 
international shipping is very expensive . there is a discount for purchasing multiple items so you might try bundling many things to bring the shipping price down . 
it will depend on style and shape of the bottle , they do hold 24 x 12oz or 22oz beer bottles per rack . 
it will hold the bigger bottles but you have to skip a hole between bottles . there is a version of this designed for the bigger bottles . 
yes , the 187 ml champagne bottles fit into the system . 
this listing includes 1 tray and 1 fast rack for a total bottle quantity of 24 . 
it 's like a plastic vinyl material , without a horrible scent . 
not clear . mine has sort of a frosted , opague finish . 
it got this about a month ago . it is plastic but looks really great ! 
no , do not cook on high.the instructions say , use on medium flame..it is not healthy for the food you eat , to cook on a higher flame.. i bought this for my grandson , and it did not last long , as he cooks on a higher flame then i do , although not on high.. do not stack this cookware on top of each other , that will take the coating of . once its off , your cooking on aluminum , not healthy at all , then you can throw this out . i do have these pans . mine has lasted me a few months and still look like new . cause i do n't use a high flame , i do n't put any cookware in the dishwasher , and i do n't use medal utensils . even though it says you can . do n't . it says before using this cookware , you have to prime it first . use alittle healthy oil . i use coconut oil . every time i use these i use organic coconut oil . these pans are make in china , the box is made in the usa..a bit tricky i would say ... enjoy.. 
yes , the small saucepan and skillet fit the small lid and the other sauce pan and larger skillet fit the same medium lid . 
no . china . i wish it was made here in the us . 
an 8 '' & 10 '' fry pan . 8 '' saucepan ( 3 qt . ) . 9 1 2 '' stock pot dutch oven ( 5 qt . ) . 10 1 4 '' deep fry pan skillet ( 3.5 qt . ) the measurements are my interior measurements and the quart capacities are what they list . 
when i did a review for another wearever item , the `` engineered in the usa '' thing was n't clear , so i called wearever . customer service told me none of their products are made in the us . 
hello irene , i ca n't speak from a professional nor scientific standpoint , but personally i do n't care for the way that teflon coatings peel and flake-off over time ... so i made the switch to ceramic and love it ! i no longer have to worry about my cookware losing its 'nonstick ' appeal rapidly . 
according to wearever , just the first time of use . washing it in a mild detergent with a soft sponge shall also keep the ceramic in excellent shape . do n't ever try cooking anything on high heat as for many foods , you do n't need it . the bottom of this cookwear is the only problem as it changes color from use as it is harder to clean with the groves in the bottom of the pans . you will see a `` brown '' color appear after some useage on an electric stove . 
i cant answer that for sure . i would think so . i do n't think lead would be allowed in any cookware in the us these days . they are made out of aluminum and the inside is ceramic . i own 1 set and gave away 3 more sets . 
no , i would not use metal in them , although i do think they are more durable than teflon . sharp metal can chip the surface . 
no it can not 
the overall size from head to toe is roughly 23 inches . the arms are 10 inches long from the base ( arm pit ) . the legs are 12 inches long from the base of his shell . the shell itself is 6 1 2 inches wide by 8 inches tall . the head is about the size of a softball . i 'd say about 4 1 2 to 5 inches at the thickest part of his body ( shell ) . so , he is roughly the size of your average pillow overall , just in ninja turtle form lol . i was impressed when i pulled it out of the box , the size overall was a little better than i had expected . the plush feel is great too , well worth the buy ! i hope this was helpful . 
he 's about 2feet tall . maggie loves him 
yes . i have washed it once and it held up ok . 
it works great ! no problem tipping . the answer to when you do n't have the luxury of an overhang for glasses . 5 star ! 
i use it with fairly large wine glasses and also have two martini glasses hanging on it . they do n't touch . 
it 's good piece , np at all 
no . it should move easey and click into next position 
according to the manufacturer , ( l ) 384 cfm ( m ) 434 cfm ( h ) 460 cfm ( cubic feet per minute ) . 
no . it only turns upward as far as the handle and as low as the bottom frame as shown in the pictures . 
i stay with lasko i have 4. i noticed that the lowest priced ones had the highest shipping charges . when the price of the fan and shipping charges are added together the total price difference is not as great . i always ordered the one with next day shipping 
this is only a fan - which means that it puts out air that is the same temperature as goes into it . the reason fans seem to be cool is that the blowing air evaporates moisture from you skin and that evaporation carries away body heat . so , if yor rv is in a location that is not too hot then speeding up the evaporation from your skin might be enough . but if it is very hot or humid out , you are going to need your central air . 
about 6 feet long 
the marking on the fan reads : motor : tp 120v 1.1a that would make it 132w at full power . there is no mention of consumption at lower power levels . 
no . 110 only 
helen , you can adjust it by just push up and down at the front in an arch shape . you can call me if you wish at 2484955454 
yes it locks in different positions is what they mean . it is not an oscillating fan . 
you can set the timer to whatever time you need or want . 
no it does not . but i really love this toaster oven ! 
yes 
this tssttvdgsm toaster oven is silver . 
no , but it cleans up nicely ... ..it has a slide out tray that makes it much easier to get rid of crumbs or clean . we use it frequently . we give it 10 stars ! 
yes it does but its an awesome oven 
hi , the approximate outside dimensions are 14 3 4 '' wide . 10 1 4 '' deep ( plus handle ) and 9 '' high . the approximate inside dimensions are 10 1 4 '' wide , 8 3 4 '' deep and 6 3 4 '' high . we love the oven ! frank 
15 1 2 '' long x 6 1 2 '' wide x 7 '' tall 
aproximately : w 15 `` x d 11 3 4 '' including handle on front ... 8 3 4 '' high..love it.. 
sorry , i purchased as a gift . the box was 13 x 17 if that helps . 
yes , you can build up as high as you need however the canvas overlay will not fit properly . 
no , i would n't consider these waterproof . it is a very flimsy canvas type outer shell . 
it has 12 compartments and each compartment can easily hold up to 2 pairs . 
yes i had the same problem . i was able to drill a couple of holes and mount it to the back . 
no it 's true white but it looks and feels cheap 
yes it does - my wife loves this thing ! 
same here . we figured out a way it would work for us . unfortunately , with made in china products there will be some improvising . 
the two small drawers on the top are 12 '' lx9 '' wx1 1 2 '' h. the center drawers is 12 '' lx17 1 4 '' wx1 1 2 '' h. the two bottom drawers are 12 '' lx9 '' wx2 1 2 '' h. a curling iron will fit in all drawers . 
the legs , drawer sides and fronts , and the structure attached to the legs are solid wood . there is a wood veneer on the front and the rest is medium density fiberboard with a white finish . i ca n't tell if there is a thin veneer on it or just paint , but the appearance is good . i had never looked that closely before and was surprised that it is mdf . 
30 '' is the height from the table to floor . when you include measurements with the mirror , it is 55 '' . 43 '' width , 19 '' depth . i hope that helps . 
vanity is 55 '' in height including mirror , 44 '' in width , 20 '' in depth . stool seat is 14x20 , height of stool is 17 '' 
i did not and it is of superb quality given the price . i have had experiences with products for which were not as described and amazon immediately credited me without requesting product being returned . amazon customer service is stellar . 
this is just a bed frame and does not include a mattress . the slats would be suitable for supporting a memory foam mattress , but the bed would sit pretty low , so expect to use lifters if you want the bed to sit higher . 
not really - out mattress and box spring together are about 18 '' and there is only 12 '' of headboard left ... so would recommend that you go with platforms or just the mattress on the support ribs . 
i was skeptical about the wooden slats too , me being 300+lbs was nervous even getting on . months later , holds great extremely comfortable . do n't think a metal frame would match up & or fit in there instead of the wooden slats . no box spring needed . i really like it . 
it was super easy , only two different types of bolts and the middle slats have a sweet plastic clip design that makes disassembly easy as well . i used a drill to speed up the process and had it together in about 1 beer , so not too bad : ) but seriously , if you have ever assembled a coffee table or shelf you are qualified to build this frame . hope this was helpfull lol 
the wood slats are about 12 inches off the ground and support my conventional mattress without a box spring . i would however recommend a box spring if you are using a foam mattress 
it really is n't designed for use with a box spring . if you use one the mattress and headboard would be pretty much even with each other which pretty much defeats the point . but this is a nice bed for the price . it looks great and can be assembled . fairly quickly . 
it only appears black in the photo . it is actually an extremely dark brown , more or less like coffee . 
you do n't need box spring . but it 's poor quality . mine wood support snapped and i 'm not big 
2 large boxes 
yes i used a box spring with this bed . it sits a bit high and covers more headboard but i like it 
39 '' is accurate . it 's fine if you like a low headboard . not so great if you like piling pillows and still being able to see the headboard . it 's an impressive looking bed , but that was a big disappointment for me . 
i bought a full size and the full size mattress fits just right . hope this is helpful . 
no problem . .. 5 1 4 
12 1 2 '' 
the legs are removable . 
it was delivered in one package with a lot of protective wrap . 
it says full right in the title . it is a full sized bed , i.e . a double . 
no it does n't . 
yes there 's room for it . i have a regular full mattress and there 's room on the corners so you should be ok . 
10 
in which place i can find the model number ? ? why do you need that ? 
i do n't know -- - as the sofa i ordered was damaged in transit and i refused deliver . 
no , it does not have a cover . it is `` leatherette '' ( which is buttery soft , btw ) and instructions are to just wipe off with a damp cloth and mild detergent . 
in the explanation it already says : futon measures 71 by 35 by 34 inch ; flat measures 71 by 20 by 46.5 inch . what are you asking i could n't understand . it is really comfortable but definitely it is not for 2. one person fits perfectly . 
no it will not be good for a tall person.. it seats too low and is only a full size.. 
the inside dimensions of the drawer are 17and 1 4 inches wide , 12 inches long , and 1and 1 2 inches deep . 
i got it for my 23 year old daughter and she loves it . it is made very well and has a lot of storage for a vanity . you could get it for a child and they would never have to get another one , they could `` grow '' into it . hope this answer helps you out : ) 
no or does n't 
no , there are no lights 
this vanity does not have lights . 
yes that is correct , there are no pre-drilled holes . 
the top is painted wood . the first thing we did was go to a glass shop and have a piece of glass cut to fit the top to prevent stains on the white paint . that has worked very well . 
24 inches . 
it is for adults . my wife loved hers so much my dad bought one for my mom as well . 
30 2 8 inches tall , 43 inches long , 19 inches wide 
apparently you can get away with putting them in the dishwasher but i do n't know why you would . i would have to say that these pots are some of the easiest to clean that i 've ever had by far , and i say that having lived with my parents until recently and been used their far , far more expensive cookware ( and having always been on kitchen duty , cooking and cleaning ! ) . 
yes you can use them on glass and electric ! 
so sorry for delay . no , i only bought the large , deep skillet , not the entire set . love the deep skillet . great for large family meals . 
dear carole ann , thank you for your inquiry . this set is not induction stove top suitable , however it is stovetop suitable for glass , ceramic , gas , electric . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . sincerely , tonia d . 
no , there is a small steam hole on each lid ! 
they sent me one piece . even though i paid for the set . i did get a full refund though . 
for warranty service or repair , based on my warranty registration form , you need to contact klimaire products , inc attn : customer service 2190 nw 89 place-doral , florida 33172 ph : 305 593-8358. www.klimaire.com 
the condenser is pre-charged with r-410a , but system still needs to be vacummed after all lines are connected and leak test is done . 
yes , it has ahri certification . thank you . 
depends on how much you are operating ( demand ) and how much you pay for electricity . 
sorry to say but i never got all of the equipment from amazon to install it . i ordered twice with no luck . but what is your question and i might be able to help . 
only one . it 's a single zone unit . 
not sure i think they are 21 '' x11 '' . 
it requires special equipment . we paid an air conditioner repairman to finaluze the installation and charge with freon . cost was around $ 200 . 
the power is i think a 14 or 16 ga 4 conductor nothing special you can get from lowes . the copper is i think 1 4 and 3 8 ? i can be wrong but something close . and the flair out the ends and you can use the caps that come on the unit and just insulate the pipe how ever you see fit for the install . do n't forget the drain ! . also i do n't think that you can go more than 25 ' with out having to adds one freon . 26 28 maybe no prob . i would pull a vacuum hook the lines up with an oil loop . it 's like a 1 to 2 ' loop in the line to keep oil from doing something ? sorry ca n't remember why but i know you need to . it will add some more ft ' to your install . just read if you have to have it or not ? i did because i was only 12 ' away . i hope that this did n't cause more questions than answers . you can go to lowes and get copper line and then caps that cover the unit during shipping you put on the copper lines then flair the ends out . hook up vacuum down then let out the freon . have fun . 
it will heat . however , heat pumps lose their ability to heat as the outside air temp goes down . i live in southern california so it will work fine here , minnesota not so good . 
you put one piece of your rolled dough on the maker , then put your filling in , cover it with another piece of douhg and roll the top with rolling pin . easy and fast : ) ) 
the filling hole is 1 in . x 2-1-2 in 
no . you would use a rolling pin to press the dough into the form . 
plastic 
it 's a hard plastic 
this is a 6-pack . $ 3 bucks each at shopko , too . amazon does not control the stock it gets from the manufacturer , and is doing its job by mailing whatever has the label `` 6-pack '' whether it looks like one or not . if you are one of the unlucky people who get a 1-pack , tell amazon and they will issue a 100 % refund and ding the manufacturer a point . if the manufacturer gets enough dings they will be removed from amazon . this manufacturer has received multiple dings but not enough to be removed from amazon . not everybody got a 1-pack , just the reviewers , otherwise the product would 've disappeared by now . the same thing happens with refurbished refilled printer ink from amazon , by being a coin-flip 's chance of being a working product . keep in mind that with this low of a rating for the manufacturer that this is should n't be a gift for others , as you could insult them . the manufacturer has n't been removed yet so there 's a good chance you 'll receive a 6-pack . if you are one of the lucky ones , review it so the rest of us know . i 'd say buy it and enjoy your free 1-pack if they mess up again . 
i would guess you would not be happy at best . they should make one for these . the bottle is taller , so at best it would stop pumping when the bottle was only half empty . i have never purchased the natural flavors , but if you have one of each , check to see if the cap will fit on the other bottle . if not , they wo n't work at all . if they do fit , the only problem is the length of the pickup tube . 
if you are buying it direct from amazon and not a 3rd party seller , you get 6 . 
i have had mine for almost a year and do n't have that problem with any of them . i have 12 of them . 
i use mine in the 500ml bottles . i do n't think i 've seen the 750ml bottle but if the height and bottle top are the same size ( meaning the bottle is just wider ) then i assume it would work for the 750ml as well . 
it is 1 zip lock bag with six pumps in it . 
no , as long as you preheat the breakfast sandwich maker the egg , cheese , bread and whatever meat you choose will cook at the same time . the egg is actually the only thing that cooks . the bread english muffin will toast , the cheese will melt and the meat will heat through . you have to use precooked meats ; i have been using oscar mayer 's smoked ham rounds , but as i stated previously , it is fully cooked . i would suggest assembling the ingredients for the bottom muffin before placing them in the cooker . start off with an english muffin , top it off with a slice of cheese ( fold the cheese at the corners to fit within the edges of the muffin ) and then add the ham . when the unit achieves its preheated state , the green light will come on , place the preassembled bottom half within the bottom ring . drop the plate and second ring onto the top of the bottom half , crack an egg on the plate , prick the yoke with a toothpick , sprinkle salt to taste , add the english muffin top and close the lid . wait 4 minutes , slide the plate aside , and lift the lid off using the bottom handle ( make sure to use a potholder ) and remove the sandwich using a silicone spatula . wait for the sandwich to cool and then consume a very yummy sandwich . follow the directions for clean up . personally , i wash the rings and plate by hand . hope this info . helps . enjoy ! 
yes you have to pre cook the pork patty to ensure it is well done . you do not need to pre cook ham , canadian bacon . if you want to add a slice of cheese on top of the meat or slice of bread do it before the sandwich finish cooking . it helps to spray the holders with cooking spray . hope this helps 
the only difference between the two is their packaging . 25475a model ships in its original container , whereas the 25475 ships in amazon packaging . 
i have not done that but i 'm sure you could . the only issue i can think of with that is you might have to adjust your cooking time a little bit depending on how much you use . 
i think biscuits would be fine ! the diameter of the rings is 4 '' if that helps you . used mine again this morning . yum ! 
i 'm not sure . you plug it in a normal wall socket for about 5 minutes to warm , then it cooks for about 5 minutes , then you unplug it when you 're done . in total it 's roughly about 10 minutes in your average wall socket . 
nope ! you it toasts in the breakfast maker ! 
yes . i also found out that if you allow a few seconds for the egg to start to harden before you put the top of the sandwich on that its a lot better . 
ms. rhonda , you 've got it right . in order to make a sandwich , in a decent amount of time , your meats should be pre cooked and thawed . the sandwich maker will definitely cook an egg , melt cheese , brown bread a bit , etc . but , as you guessed , it takes high heat and time to cook meats . it 's fun to use and the kids really get into it . hope this helps ... ... ken 
china 
i followed the instructions for rice exactly as stated on the package . did you pre rinse the rice ? only cooked the rice 8 minutes on high in microwave and let it sit for 5 minutes before serving . i did not have any boil over issues . check the wattage of your oven , you may have to reduce the power level a notch or two ... 
yes , it is printed on the bottom , `` bpa free '' 
i found the recipes at the web site help and a begining point to create my own , great and easy to use i will keep trying more it would help if company had a web site where users could put up recipes and comments . 
yes , it says on the bottom of the bowl bpa free 
i have only cooked long brown and white rice , have n't tried the other varieties . 
yes , you can . i have cooked everything from rice to fresh vegetables in mine . i absolutely love mine . 
the size of container says 2.6 l , and yes it comes with a suggestion for clocking white rice , quinoa , polenta and couscous with all falling around 7-9 oz of rice . water level and avg . cooking time per watt microwave 
you would have to experiment but i 'm sure you could . i 've only cooked rice in mine . really it 's just a really good bon stick plus it retains the moisture really well . it 's really well made and easy to clean . 
directions include white rice , quinoa , polenta , and couscous . so pasta is a maybe . 
the manual had directions for white rice , quinoa , polenta , and couscous . there is no mention of lentils . 
our cracked ice red is a gloss red with orange undertones ; the cracked ice grey is a warm , taupe grey . 
about 19 1 2 inches 
ralph - we offer in in the cracked ice red , grey , and yellow through amazon . 
i would not be afraid to sit someone weighing 240 lb . on one of these chairs . they are super sturdy and do n't wobble whatsoever . 
to be more accurate , this particular air purifier as well as many others have been certified by the california epa air resources board as either not producing ozone at all or emitting ozone in a concentration of less than 0.050 parts per million . in other words , extremely low or non-existent . the winix ones are also on the certified list . the list of certified air purifiers can be found at http : www.arb.ca.gov research indoor aircleaners certified.htm . 
110 only , but only pulls 1 amp so you do n't need a big powerful ( expensive ) inverter . 
it comes with a three year limited warranty . i presume from date of purchase 
air flow is great . it blows up no out so its not a direct fan effect but it circulates the air in my bedroom so much that i get cold 
yes , it is a plug . you need to buy filters after a year . $ 49.99 for 1 hepa filter ( replace once a year ) and 2 carbon filters for odor control ( replace 6 months ) 
the coverage area is 326 sq ft. let 's say a standard bedroom is 10x12 . that 's 120 sq feet , so it could theoretically cover an area just under the size of three average bedrooms . i use mine in a 168 sq ft room . 
i do n't ever turn mine off . i run it on the eco setting and it comes on as needed . sometimes that 's quite a long time , sometimes shorter . it probably depends on what you have in your house . i have a cat and a dog and it comes on a lot when i 'm cleaning and stirring the air up in the bedroom . but otherwise , not so much , probably because we 're not in the bedroom that much . 
draws air in from the front , blows it out the top ( basically behind and a lil below the top controls ) . i 'd say 6 '' -12 '' should be enough distance . 
the first time it was about 3 months , but it has been 5 months since then . i hope this helps . 
very quiet on its first setting . very loud on its 4th highest setting . 
no assembly 
hi . the height is 18 inches and is perfect for our 30 inch table . love ! the chairs . 
i am using my chairs inside and are the gunmetal finish . just from the look of them i think they would rust outdoors but i do not know this for fact . i do have factory painted bistro chairs outdoors all year around and they definitely have a different finish than the my amelia metal caf chairs . maybe you can research a clear coat you can do yourself . i am very pleased with my chairs , they look great and the price was excellent . sorry i could n't give you a definite answer . 
used it for 3 months now and so far no mould growing yet . it 's easy to clean just rinse under tap . 
it needs to be placed next to a sink . there is a small , protruding spout on the bottom corner that drains into a sink . 
12 '' w x 15 '' l x 8 '' h - after adding the attachments , allow for a height and length adjustment ( glasses attachment , glass drip plate and utensil holder , which we have hanging on the outside of the rack ) : 12 '' w x 20 '' l x 14 '' h - we 've also added a great , washable dish mat : http : www.amazon.com prepara-dock-hygienic-dish-sage dp b008tnh0g2 overall , very happy with this item - it is not for major dish work , however - if you let things pile and do n't stay on top of your dishes , this is not the dish rack for you ( we have a dw and use the dish rack for overflow or quick clean ups ) 
yes , it is removable . 
the measurement are : 14 3 4l x 13d x 8 1 2h ( with the detachable wine rack in the back measures 14 1 2h ) . its the perfect size for family of 4 , its a great look . 
well that depends on whether you mean plates , bowls , glasses , etc ? but i 'd say if properly standing up , not piled in , i can fit about 4-6 dinner plates and a few glasses at a time , or several glasses and a couple cereal bowls , for example . i do have large , deep dinnerware so that is a factor for me . if you use it for cookware , it can basically fit one large pot or pan with a few small utensils or measuring cups . for me it 's great for drying a few things that would n't fit into a full load in the dishwasher , but definitely ca n't hold all the dinnerware and glassware after a family meal for four . hope that helps . 
absolutely . i have had no issues with the spout housing being poorly attached . 
yes , it does come off . you slide it out . 
i have had it for a little less than six months but so far no rust 
yes , they are . they do n't push all the way over the metal part . i left them off since it then made it too high . when i put something tall like a coffee pot in the rack it hits the cabinet above . ( small kitchen ) . i got the spray plastic to coat the legs so it would n't slide on the granite counter . 
its about 24x30 and it is beautiful . dont recall if signed , it was a gift . 
i never received this ... 
i believe its an odd size but they do have frames for it , 24x30 
yes ! i purchased this stainless steel stock pot for use on an induction cooktop . it works great ! 
no . i do n't believe they would because they are the same size 
no 
exterior to lip is 10 inches . with lid and handle 11.5 inches 
we boiled tens of gallons of sap in it , and saw no issue whatsoever . 
i did . worked just fine . no problems . seemed to heat evenly , and the beer came out great . 
id is 12 inches , height is 10 1 2 inches that 's 1187 cubic inches or 5 gallons . the measurements you want total 2356 cubic inches , which is 10 gallons . i would n't attempt to lift one full of beer ! 
do n't think it will actually . stainless is not magnetic enough for induction 
yes ... there are four rivet heads projecting on the inner surface of the pot on each of the two handles 
the bottom has an approximately 1.2 '' wide ridge about .10 in deep . 
i honestly do n't know what the fabric is offhand , but i can tell you that they are very , very thin . because of that , they might be a good option for someone who is too warm when they sleep , but one of the previous people answered that they are 60 % polyester and 40 % cotton ... . 
my grandson loves them . it says they are 100 % cotton but feel a bit stiff to me but not much . cotton , to me , is pliable . these sheets are not as soft as i expected but certainly are acceptable . 
the design just says `` ninjas in training . '' it has nothing to do with toilet training . 
yes , the towels are all cotton . 
weird , it does show their stout glass , but i ordered and got the ipa glass , great buy ! 
i 'm assuming you are referring to wether the bottom of the glass contains nucleation points , the answer is yes . these nucleation points were laser 'd in to help release co2 and enhance aroma and flavor . cheers 
i have never placed them in a refrigerator but i do n't see a problem if you do . they are not as thick as a pint so be careful 
they are custom made ipa crystal glasses from germany . also spiegelau is a division of riedle . 
no . the laser etching is on the outside of the glass.. stupid 
yes . these are lead-free glass . 
craft beers should never be served in a frozen glass ! ! save the frozen mug for the yellow sparking water . 
4 & 3 8 inches tall , great sturdy big mugs , l like them 
yes , they should hold 20oz . 
sorry , i honestly do n't know . i did not check that when i bought them . 
not that i could tell . 
yes . i have ordered several in different colors . 
no i do not know - there is a high gloss finish on the cup . 
jennifer , i have one of my own that i purchased somewhere else ( forget where ) and that came in three pieces . the ones i just ordered recently i have not opened , they are a gift ... ... i 'll try to find out and get back to you ... they are at my other home ... ..i 'll see if my husband can tell when he gets home ... hope i can help ... 
hi ! . i do n't have idea how many ounces but i can tell that the cup 's approximately 10cm high and 5 cm diameter . hope this helps you . 
i do n't know if there is lead in it , but i doubt it because porcelain enamel is no longer made with lead . these are so pretty that i prefer them as decorative rather than actually using them to drink out of . 
they might be but why would you risk putting something so besutiful in the macrowave 
no 
that os is not mentioned in the manual , but i have the email address for company : top1accessory @ 163.com . they may be able to answer your question 
it should work . if the tablet has bluetooth , it should . but to be honest with you , this is a pretty scrappy one . i never used mine . it looks like a toy . and is prone to get broken . 
you can connect your phone and keyboard to your pc or laptop and manually imput it as it states in the the directions try that and let me know what happens i will look more on my end just give me a minute to figure it out 
it truly is paper ( like the cover of a paper back book ) thin . to use it practically , it needs to be on top of baking pan . wrinkles were not a problem . 
i hope the following information helps you . towards the bottom of the list it tells you what the manufacturer states they are made out of . they are manufactured in china . perfect for baking cookies , biscuits , pies , pizza and more . *alternative to aluminum foil on baking sheets or pans . *can also be used as an oven liner . *microwave safe . *good for up to 500f on gas & charcoal grills . *made of ptfe ( pfoa-free ) non-stick material . *reusable , easy to clean and dishwasher safe . *measures 18 '' x 13 '' in size . *made in china . 
single pack 
good idea . i would pay special attention to where your flame is though . i think you would have a fire hazard on your hands if these got anywhere close to an open flame . 
it all depends on how much of a side drop you want . i bought the king size for a queen size bed and added a dust ruffle . my bed at this time sets about 6 '' from the floor . i put my bed frame at the lowest setting i could ( left off the wheels ) only because i wanted my bed to set lower for family that has a hard time getting into bed . i could go a little higher and still would have a pretty descent drape . i love the look . the color was n't quite what i was expecting , but you know how colors are if you 're not looking at them in person . but it is very pretty and i am quite satisfied at this time . 
i ordered two king sizes for two of my queen size beds . i am happy with the way they fit . they hang about sixteen inches on each side and on the foot of the bed , and then are just long enough to fold up over the pillows . i really like to use quilts like this layered in the winter as blankets because they are warm and do not stretch like a blanket does . makes for a neat , tidy bed . also , they have a pretty lavender back side that looks nice with the covers pulled back . they are cool in the summer and warm in the winter . one other plus : you can turn them upside down when one end gets worn or dirty in order to double the wear and tear on them . does this help ? 
hi , there is no quilt print on the other side , but it is ok cause it is really very pretty ... 
if you zoom to the corner they have folded back you can see a little of it ... .but it is small rose buds vine and sage green stripe.. i love mine , it washes great you wo n't be disappointed ... enjoy ! ! 
to deborah , the quilt i have is approximately 86 '' wide by 86 '' long . it 's a full queen size . it works well as a coverlete on a queen size bed and would be a nice quilt for a full size bed . dianne 
90x90 
no fabric is 100 % polyester and the fill fiber is 100 % cotton 
yes . 
i did n't find mine to be still at all however , after use and washing it will more than likely soften up . 
i mention that i have a full size bed in my review . this quilt fits it perfectly , like in the picture . i 'm thinking it would n't fit as well on a queen . 
washed it and was still stiff 
the full size quilt would fit a twin bed but you would have a large amount of quilt dragging on the floor . 
it 's all one piece , with the stitching on top of the pattern 
yes , tag reads `` 100 % cotton fiber '' 
84 '' long and 90 '' wide , needs a dust ruffle of course . i 'm very pleased with it . hope this helps . 
hi enzo , the maximum support weight on this chair is 220 lbs . please let us know if you are looking for a chair that holds more than that , we have many options available ! thanks . 
it is nice and solid . it seems to be a hardened plastic alloy of some sort . it is much harder than some plastics . the back of the chair is a bit less stable only because of the lack of diagonal braces normally used as the attached armrests in other chairs . all around this chair is stable for a 200lb man ( me ) to sit in for over 4 hours a day ( computer guy ) . after a while , just like any chair , it gets worn on the bottom where you sit , and on the arms . the cushions seem to not be so tough for the use i put it through . it has great back support though , as well as arm and neck posture assistance . i 'd give it a 9 10 . 
the seat is exactly 20 '' wide , whereas the arms is 25 '' 
the top of the seat hits 19 in . the arm rest go 28 in . and the top of the seat reaches about 51 in . at highest setting of the chair . 
this is a very bad char . not worth to buy . back is not adjustable at all . and when i seat it feels like i 'm sliding forwards because of soft front portion of a seat is descended . 
it recline about a 45 angle give or take , but you can not lock it in place in recline position ... must say not a very good chair , i hear plastic or something make noise in the arm rest and the chair pops , squeaks and creaks 
hi jessica , this chair should be comfortable for 8+ hours a day , but if you have back issues or need additional support we would recommend looking for a chair that has adjustable lumbar support . this might be a better option for more back support because it has more ergonomic adjustabilities : http : www.247workspaceexpress.com rta-9105-ergonomic-office-chair dp b00cez7q3i please do n't hesitate to get in touch if you have any more questions ! 
mine was defective . first time i sat in it the back came off , and i broke 2 ribs . be careful ! 
it is adjustable both with heighth and with up and down swivel . 
the chair arrived broken so it does not raise or lower . it 's stuck in the lowest position of the seat . therefore , the max height on my particular chair is lower than it should be on a working model . 
i spoke with singer bob mould and he absolutely does not have any interest in the curtain . so apparently it is mould-proof . 
yes it is . stark white with true black . and the tree is centered , not as pictured . 
the curtian is lightweight and beings in light can not see anything through it . i have a plastic white liner hanging with it and you can not see anything through it . 
it is not see through , although it passes good amount of light - therefore no need for separate lighting in the shower . yes , it is mold resistant . i am very happy with it . 
i put a liner behind it just in case ... . nothing but bleach is mold proof . & gt ; . & lt ; the fabric is porous so i doubt it . 
it 's black and some shades of gray . 
no , it feels like light weight silk . and it does not float up with hot water steam like some do . i love it . it changed the whole look of my bathroom . 
70 inches by 70 inches 
solid black . it does n't look as nice as this photo at all . it 's much more basic , kinda a geometric blocked tree . i was hoping it looked this good , but it is far from the photo description . 
no you do n't need to . we did n't . it works fine . 
that 's correct . the version sold in the us does not have the quad blade and it 's not for sale as an add-on . if you go to their aussie site , you can find the quad blade there but i do n't know if they 'll ship it to the us . i have the single blade . works very well . the whole setup is about 3x as powerful as those tiny food processors and about 1 3 as effective as a full size standard cuisinart . gets the job done for me though . 
it does . and home depot has a stock slide-out shelf for bottom cabinets that fits it perfectly . here 's how the caddy looks ( this was the video that sold me ) : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=-utx65djn38 
the bsb530xl all in one does not come with a dough blade . it is not recommended that the all in one be used to make dough . 
i use mine to make pasta dough so i would imagine it could handle pie dough . 
the bsb530xl all in one comes with a 1 year limited manufacturers warranty . 
i believe model number all in one bsb530xl and control grip bsb510xl have the same motor base . make sure to buy the masher gear box , masher blade , masher inner leg , masher outer leg.you can also confirm with the breville customer service . hope i answered your question . 
though the reversible shredding disc on the bsb530xl all in one will do a very good job of shredding the veggies in to smaller pieces , they may look more like shoe-string potatoes or straw then spaghetti . 
yes it works 
the ricer masher was the first accessory i used , and yes it will make rustic , smooth and creamy mashers depending on how you set it up . 
i do n't know but it does have a speed adjustment and it has never 
if you are expecting it to float , then yes , the length does prevent it from being used in a normal size mug . however , since the whole `` joke '' is that the teatanic sinks , then it will fit fine once you put it into the hot water . 
it would n't fit more than 3 or 4 small blueberries in it . you 're better off getting a pitcher that has an infuser tube ... i have one and it 's awesome . 
as long as it fits in the bottle it should be fine . 
i have n't noticed that when i 've used it , although i do drink tea that has very strong flavors ( spiced cinnamon , etc ) . 
no , i 've never used them in a tea pot - but i do n't see why it would n't work - if it make only 2-4 cups - i think this was meant for only one cup though . 
no its a tea infuser ! 
mine has a 275 watt motor . i have the attachments for slicing , shredding and meat grinding ect . they all work well for me in my kitchen . 
yes . 
beater , wire whip and dough hook . 
i have had my mixer for 12 years . it 's a great mixer . it will work but if you are a regular bread maker i 'd get the larger one . hope this helps ! 
i have placed about 5 1 2 cups of flour in mine but you have to be careful not to go past that . also , be careful not to overload the motor with a batch of dough this large . it will get hot . when a recipe calls for this much ingredient , i make two batches . it is a bit of trouble but i do n't want to ruin my mixer . hope this helps . 
without bowl , mine weighs 20 # . 
i beleive the kitchen aid to be one of the very best machines avaiable . all of my attachments ( i have many ) work perfectly . i have been using my machine since the late 1980 's and no part of it has failed to date . 
yes , use the bread kneading attachment . 
yes 
yes , this product is for venezuela.it has been a very good experience 
hello . this listing is for a set of four chairs . you get four chairs for $ 95.07 . i hope this helps ! 
have you received your chairs yet ? i ordered mine 4 weeks ago - and they showed in stock - but still no chairs and now amazon is saying they 're out of stock . getting the run around big time from amazon about these . very frustrated ! ! ! 
nope ! 
hi , this item is sold as set of 4 , primarily because the packaging box provided by the manufacturer has 4 chairs in it . also as per the manufacturer 's guidelines , all retailers need to sell it in multiples of 4 . 
hi , yes , you can order six chairs . you do need to call us and confirm you need six . best , wylie passion decor 415-626-8883 
the seat height is 17.5 inches . we love these chairs and are about to order another set . 
i ordered four of these chairs from amazon.com llc for a total of $ 96.76 on october 9 , 2013. after waiting 3 months , i was contacted via email from amazon to see if is anted to cancel or continue waiting . for that price - i was willing to wait a year ! i was skeptical given the price for all four but several other commenters verified that they had reviewed the order as well or were still waiting . in december i contacted amazon myself - first via chat and then via phone - to ask if these chairs were correctly priced and would indeed ship . i was assured that they were all four for that price and that they would be shipped but could not be told when . i was okay with that . i then specifically asked if amazon was going to cancel this order -- because the price had since tripled on the item . i was assured that would n't happen . in january , i received an email that this order was canceled . when i called amazon.com to discuss this - i was told by a manager named yumiko c. that there was noting they could so and that she was sorry i was misinformed . and that i could reorder the item now- at $ 385 ! ! ! ! this entire order went from `` seems to good to be true '' - to being assured that it was legit - to feeling scammed . very disappointed in this experience from start to finish . 
legit company , excellent service , nice product ... i was able to get 4 chairs for under $ 100 , someone had to make a mistake selling it that cheap . 
i ordered four of these chairs from amazon.com llc for a total of $ 96.76 on october 9 , 2013. after waiting 3 months , i was contacted via email from amazon to see if is anted to cancel or continue waiting . for that price - i was willing to wait a year ! i was skeptical given the price for all four but several other commenters verified that they had reviewed the order as well or were still waiting . in december i contacted amazon myself - first via chat and then via phone - to ask if these chairs were correctly priced and would indeed ship . i was assured that they were all four for that price and that they would be shipped but could not be told when . i was okay with that . i then specifically asked if amazon was going to cancel this order -- because the price had since tripled on the item . i was assured that would n't happen . in january , i received an email that this order was canceled . when i called amazon.com to discuss this - i was told by a manager named yumiko c. that there was noting they could so and that she was sorry i was misinformed . and that i could reorder the item now- at $ 385 ! ! ! ! this entire order went from `` seems to good to be true '' - to being assured that it was legit - to feeling scammed . very disappointed in this experience from start to finish . 
commercial ? i 'm not sure ... it works well in our dining room ... probably would be nice in our business office too ... 
the switch will not turn off till the water is boiled , so if you take it off early and then put it back onto the base , it will continue heating . just flip the switch off as you are pouring if you want it off . that 's what i do ! 
yes it does . 2 of them , bottom and top of the water level indicator . 
label says china.. 
china 
yes , it can automatic shut off after it boils . 
if your hands are the size of most professional basketball players , no . the opening is roughly 3.5 inches wide . hope that helps you . 
no , the element is not exposed . it has a flat stainless steel bottom 
no problem so far . 
china , i beleive . 
a sticker on the bottom says , conforms to ul std 1082 
no 
i use mine every single day and have not one problem . works great ! see if your unit has a warranty and contact manufacturer listed on manual . 
yes , there is an orange light on the bottom black rim . see photo ... oval , orange light on the front , bottom , black area 
china 
yes , it can automatic shut off after it boils . 
if your hands are the size of most professional basketball players , no . the opening is roughly 3.5 inches wide . hope that helps you . 
no , the element is not exposed . it has a flat stainless steel bottom 
no problem so far . 
china , i beleive . 
a sticker on the bottom says , conforms to ul std 1082 
no 
i use mine every single day and have not one problem . works great ! see if your unit has a warranty and contact manufacturer listed on manual . 
yes , there is an orange light on the bottom black rim . see photo ... oval , orange light on the front , bottom , black area 
it really does n't have wheels but the swiveling neck makes cornering & maneuvering so much easier . this glides . actually all we use this for is our hardwoods , it 's not bad for the limited carpeting we have down stairs but awesome for hardwood . 
do you like your carpets and floors really clean ? i have not been happy with the suction on the eureka rapidclean at all . even when using the handheld alone , the stuff sucked up would fall back out . 
no . we made our own velcro attachment to keep it on the charger . 
yes it is . all hardware is included , too . 
not sure if battery is replaceable . no crevice tool included . however , i have found this vacuum to be very convenient and easy to use . i use it everyday for quick pick ups in between thorough weekly housekeeping . 
yes , definitely ! this is the greatest cordless vac ever ! mine stays on the charger when not in use . buy it , you wo n't be sorry ! 
no 
yes . 14.4 v lithium ion cordless 
it is a wall charger ( a c adapter plugs into wall ) and then connects to the holding unit . it 's good . 
no crevice and brush tools . 
to me the brightness is perfect , i had no trouble at all reading the digital screen . mine does n't say fl.oz ; only g lb : oz oz ml . 
the max weight is 11 pounds . 
i checked the paperwork and the mira kitchen scale comes with a limited warranty covering workmanship and defects in materials for 2 years after date of purchase . 
my scale shuts off in about 30-60 seconds . it 's pretty quick . 
no 
5 by 5 '' . 
5.5 inches wide by 7 inches by about 3 4 inches high 
i do n't see why not . i have used it to weigh all sorts of things , example being by husbands medication . 
yes . it 's accurate to 0.05 ounces ( about 1.5 grams ) so really small amounts . i have used it for mail also ! 
it uses decimals . 
it is 31 inches wide , 36 1 2 inches tall ( with rolling casters attached ) , and 19 inches deep front to back . 
yes , i love this . very sturdy and more than i thought it would be for the price . 
yes you can iron on the folding table . it has a nice removable washable cover and is roughly the 3 4 the length of a standard ironing board . very happy w this purchase , much sturdier and more attractive than any of others i 've had or compared it to ! 
*dimensions : 31.2in x 18.3in x 36.7in h ( bags : ~14in x 8.5in x 23in ) 
i have a large capacity washer and dryer , so i can wash 6 bath towels at a time . each of the bags holds about one load of laundry . if you are doing that much laundry , you may want to consider something different because it seems the tabletop on this would always be up with the bags overflowing . i have a teenage daughter in several sports simultaneously and i would say this sorter is perfect for us . so , if you do a few loads every day , this should work for you . if you want to store the laundry until the weekend , this will quickly overflow . 
it comes with removable washable cover not sure about replacement bags 
4 and 1 2 inches 
yes , very . i 've had this laundry sorter table ironing board for some time now and there is really nothing negative to report . i could n't be more pleased with it . 
we use it as a permanent part of our laundry room . it 's not designed to be taken apart regularly and stored . as we 're using it , it 's been a quality item and perfect for our needs . 
yes , the wheels lock . when locked , unit does n't move at all . when wheels are not locked , it moves very smoothly , but not without purposely pushing it . stays put , wheels unlocked , while i told laundry . i am extremely happy with this laundry sorter . very high quality . 
technically only 2 , thin spaghetti angel hair and fettuccine . but you can also make flat sheets for lasagna or ravioli if you have a stamper or press . 
china 
the sheets are 8 or 9 inches wide . yes the sheets are perfect for the ravioli press . i think the key to great pasta is semolina flour . it rolls out better . you will certainly be able to see the difference ! 
the fettuccine cuts about 1 4 '' wide . the spaghetti cuts about 1 16 '' . machine has worked very well for me . hope this helps . 
hi samantha . i do n't know the exact measurements of the pasta , but i 'd say they are approximately an 1 8th inch spaghetti cut and a 1 2 inch fetaccini cut . 
no 
yes , it was packaged in a box . 
150 
i would think so ... 
no . reed and barton made this pattern in two grades , 18 10 and 18 0. the set being offered by repertoire is 18 0 . 
no . reed and barton made this pattern in two grades , 18 10 and 18 0. the set being offered by repertoire is 18 0 . 
no 
it 's stamped `` china '' on the back 
it is light weight and it looks bright and summery . 
no , requires a top sheet , but excellent product ... this yr we used during winter and some times during this late spring . 
we have not tried to wash at of this date . i think it will be washed in soft cycle when we change to our winter coverlet . it is synthetic and i see no reason it can not be washed . based on price and cost to send to cleaners , you could buy one somewhat often . we will absolutely try the home wash method . i do think my wife will not let our housekeeper do the washing . 
no , the simple cup is placed inside the plastic adapter . just make sure you leave enough of the simple filter to fasten it between the adapter bottom and the adapter top then turn top clockwise until it stops . enjoy . 
i use the standard grind that comes in packages of starbucks bags at the grocery store . in other words i used a flat bottom drip grind for standard coffee makers . i also filled my reusable pods to the top , but just eyeballed it . it was slightly less strong than if i had had it drip , but the good flavor made up for that . good luck . 
yes 
i do n't know the exact number , but they hold enough to brew a large cup of tea . probably a little more than a tea bag . 
yes 
yes , filters are collapsible and may spill grounds out . 
sorry china . distributed by milford ct 
they work ok , but like the no mess of the ez cup filters best , just dump and no grinds left behind to rinse . i have an ez cup reusable filter and ecobrew and they fit just fine . i make up 5 or 6 at a time and just grab one and pop it in the kuerig 
most definitely 
yes , laurie , they were 16.95 ! i went to reorder and now 59.95. i thought it a mistake and used the question section , hoping for a correction . can you believe somebody voted negative for the comment ? ? perhaps not a mistake , as i see your comment dated on june 13 , 2014 and today is july 28 , 2014. such a bummer . 
yes it can be used in the keurig 's k cup and it fits good in the mesh filler basket . however , this item does not have the lids included . 
yes , i use them in my reuseable kcup 
yes they are for one cup 
sorry i do not know . they are the same materials as large coffee filters to me . 
yes . i have enjoyed my coffee the most since i started using these filters . 
according to the package , made in china 
yes these filters work very well in kuerig k-cups . 
yes..pretty sure they will fit ... i use them in my k-cup . i absolutely love them ! 
sorry i do n't know . my coffee maker is not a model 2.0 , i read that this new model requires a special sensor in the cup . 
my magic bullet is model mb1001b and they fit perfectly . i hope this helps ! 
the blades ( both of them ) are stainless steel as is the shaft connecting the blades to the underside rotor . all i can see , other than what i described above is plastic . 
they fit my model nb - 1001c not sure if the two models are compatible . 
hi lesley , this comes with everything you see pictured . the black screw top and blades , and includes the rubber gasket that is in the inner part of the area the blades are in . i do not know how to describe it ... but if you have the magic bullet blender base , and the cups themselves , then this is all you need -- just screw it on to the cups after you fill them with whatever needs to be blended , and then stick on the blender base and blend away : ) 
yo.u will receive the whole base unit 
yes . just crew it on to the container and you are ready to go 
sorry ... i would n't know about that . : ( 
i only offer free shipping . i think you got the wrong seller . 
not sure - i can tell you that they are a factory fit to my magic bullet . sorry that i could n't help more 
its adjustable . this sectional can fit 6 people only . initially by seeing the pictures i thought it will fit 12 
good morning it will take 7-10 business days for this sofa to reach your nj location . also , please note that only 1 unit remains in stock until our restock arrives in 4 weeks . please let us know if we may further assist . thank you 
hello the coffee table seen within the image is $ 500 , but please note that it is not in stock . please let us know if we may further assist . thank you 
hello that table is not available for sale . please pardon the inconvenience . also , delivery to 75150 is approximately 5-7 business days from the date of order . thank you 
good afternoon this sofa sectional is hand produced with genuine italian leather and the grade is top grain . also , please note that the back and the bottom of the sofa are composed of leather match , which is a synthetic leather . finally , the manufacturer 's warranty is for 2 years and covers all core components such as the sofa frame , leather stitching and electric items . please let us know if we may further assist . thank you 
very firm feel so if you 're looking for something to sink into ... not gon na happen . no sliding around either ( got ta get up if u want to move ) . head rests are easily adjusted , even from seated position so yes , head is able to rest comfortably . larry and rose 
hello again jude amazon deleted my prior response since i placed a link to our site within the reply so i am rewriting the message now . please review the amazon webpage of the sofa you are interested in and please note there is a dimensional diagram right beneath the sofa picture . please let me know if this was unclear or please let me know if you prefer a phone call or email since i can not attach the dimensional drawing to this email . thank you very much 
hello yes , this sectional is a 4-piece sofa . the lounger , the 2 loveseats and the corner unit can all be separated and used apart if you ever need to . please note the side table , which is also included , is also separable . i can send you pictures of the interior , but there is no way to attach a picture to these emails . please let us know if we may further assist . henry gonzalez 786.273.5128 
thanks for your question , this item is currently unavailable- we do n't know when or if this item will be back in stock . as such , we can not predict what the cost would be should we receive this item in the future . i hope this helps ! 
yes , it is . that 's what i got mine to use . 
yes , i beleieve they are different . 
no clue ... it did n't fit the extreme blending machine ( which is also a small one ) . but i was able to take off the blade and parts and use them to replace the ones that were broken in the old one . 
this is the one for the nutribullet http : www.amazon.com nutribullet-extraction-extractor-replacement-parts-authentic dp b00jiysezc ref=sr_1_13 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1398172355 & sr=8-13 & keywords=nutribullet+blade 
it 's 3.5 inches 
not sure but my guess is no ... .this blade attaches to individual cups for the magic bullet , i do n't think it will work on a blender . 
hello , unfortunately we only sell the unit compatible to the original magic bullet . 
absolutely 
i have no idea , i only have a magic bullit 
i have the party bullet and an older one . base looks the same and fits just fine . 
yes , it works fine for this purpose . i like mine and would buy it again , and i have had a few . quality of motor and batteries seem better than others that cost more . the on-off switch is difficult if you have arthritic hands , and if you do , this is a deal breaker . if you do n't it is no big deal . 
it works great bigger and more suction i had my old one for 10 years and it finally quit you will like this vacum 
just a little brush that fits at the tip of the vacuum . it 's powerful and does a great job . if this one ever stops working , i would buy the same one again . 
no it does not 
it fits in place onto charger . no plugging necessary when put in place to charge 
the battery lasts a long time and the vacuum has a lot of suction . just hang it on the wall and plug it in . a red light goes on that is very visible . so it is constantly charging when not in use . great product , best on the market that i have found . 
i have had difficulty re assembling it . just need to make sure that the filter is shoved in real tight and then try to line up the nubs to snap back together . patience is a virtue ! 
there was n't information indicating a change . the foam stays put regardless , wet or dry . take it out and clean but put back to filter debris from harming motor . 
i have been very pleased with cwv1808 . 
it has a charging base that can be wall mounted or table mounted . it locks in when you dock it so it does n't fall off . 
the ones i got from foodvacbags were 2 rolls 50 ' each . the ones sold by eriver came in at 15 ' each although they were labeled 50 ' each . watch your sellers carefully ! tried to note this in my review but amazon does not allow . 
works with the `` seal a meal '' sealer from walmart also . 
if the bag is cut long enough to use it again , wash it out and it will be good . i cut them extra long off the roll so i can use them two or three times . 
like the food saver rolls , they are textured on one side and smooth on the other side . it is a clear plastic . 
if you are sealing something soft like fish fillets , they are every bit as good as the food saver bags . in fact , i prefer the thinner ones since they 're more flexible and can get a tighter seal against the meat . i 've gone through a whole roll and have yet to have a seal fail . the vacuum works best when the bags are slightly wet , so splashing a little water in the bag opening helps get a good vacuum . 
mine were 50 ' make sure foodvacbags is the seller . do not buy from eriver . 
i 'm sorry i did n't make that statement so i 'm unsure what a clamp style vacuum sealer is . i have the v4880 and love it . these bags or rolls are great for the money . jenny campbell 
yes , i put the roll behind my foodsaver and pull it thru the cutter . it is to large to fit into the unit . i will cut the bags to size and seal 1 end 
the bag width inside is 7 '' the length is what ever you want . this is a continuous roll . you cut to length.. 
we use a good pair of scissors and it slices thru cleanly and easily . 
from the ground up 41 inches . we bought six of these chairs and love them ! good quality and ca n't beat the price , you will not be disappointed . 
no i bought 3 at $ 50 each.. 
honestly , it is sitting by my desk , and rarely used , more form than function . however , i think the chair is rather steadily built ... 
the legs are a very dark brown wood . my kitchen has a lot of black accent and unless you are right up close you would think the legs were black - so it is a very dark brown . 
it is beige , not brown . it is wonderful . cleans well too , i love it . i wish i bought two ! 
yes it needs assembly but it is not hard at all . 
the chair we received was very well packed in a properly sized box with adequate padding . the chair had no damage . 
the whole chair is the same color of taupe ( even the back ) except for the legs which are dark brown or espresso wood . 
it 's definitely tan . the legs are dark brown but not the material . 
im not sure what it is but its awesome and cleans well ( i have 3 dogs ) with just soap and water . i love this chair ! ! ! its very cute , the color is perfect and it looks like it should cost more than it does ! love it 
yes it works on mine . it also works better than any other i 've tried . 
are you putting too much coffee in the basket ? only 2-3 teaspoons work best ! try this and see if it works ! 
i believe that it will as all keurigs ( apart from the 2.0 ) have the same sized hole when the black k-cup piercer is removed . 
i do n't know if this item works on the product you mentioned . you are asking about a different brand coffee maker . the filter you are asking about is made specifically by keurig for their coffee maker . have you checked to see if breville makes this type of product for their coffee maker ? 
yes , the basket is provided . 
you can use anything you want in the k cup . 
i 'm sorry but i do n't know . i have a keurig -- never had a mr. coffee . 
i doubt that - because this product only holds filter cups as you can see . try an alternate method of disposable filter cups from the amazon web site - good luck ! 
sorry do n't know 
you do n't need them 
they can be used one at a time . 
so far so good , no problems so far . 
plastic . 
just 2. the third ( bottom ) compartment is for ice . 
it would depend on where you are located . we ship from ohio . standard post office shipping is 3-5 days , but is not guaranteed to deliver by a certain day . 
to store crushed ice to keep drinks cold . 
yes 
felli beverage dispensers are dishwasher safe and made of bpa-free materials . they are manufactured by free-free industrial corp - one of the leading manufacturer of acrylic storage , serving ware , tabletops , bath ware , office products , 3c accessories and pet products . they not only create the clearest , the most see-through , non-shattered , crystal reflection acrylic items , but also produce very safety-oriented products . free-free industrial corp is also known as `` felli '' have experience in the acrylic industry for almost 3 decades . 
one gallon per tier . 
dear john , it is 18 10 surgical stainless steel . 
dear azar , you can use what ever you have used in the past . no thing special or no specific brand needed . the set is surgical stainless steel and you dont have to worry about anything . the set will stay shiny for a lifetime just dont use steel wool since steel wool contains too much iron and will scratch the mirror polish . thank you 
18x14x6and1 2 inches 
since the set has gold plated accents , hand washing is highly recommended ! 
hello , yes it is dishwasher safe but we dont recommend it because of the gold plating 
the stamp is ... ... ..swiss zurich 24k 16 10 
hello , yes the knives are very sharp and elegant . we never had any complaints . 
19 lbs exactly 
gh 24 krt 18 10 the wood box has a medalian and it says healthyclad swiss ... so i am guessing switzerland . but who knows ? 90 % of all fords are made over seas and in mexico and 90 % of all hondas are made in america . best guess its a swiss company that makes the flatware . 
yes 
no we do n't get rust ! ! i love it 
china , yep . 
yes 
we have n't had any issues with rust at all 
no 
no 
mine has not . it has been sturdy . i did take note of the reviews and do n't leave them in standing water , so it wo n't rust . i am very happy with this set . 
it 's not particularly thick but not too flimsy either . somewhat flimsy but i do n't think it would bend i 've come to like it . 
not a problem with these , this is an awesome set of silverware , i love it . 
hi , the set i bought is all shiny , not seeing any brushed . this silverware is very sturdy and durable . holds up in dishwasher . heavier weight & great for everyday use or special occasions . i bought a set for 8 then turned around & bought another set for 4. the best i 've used in 58 years of life . hope this helps you . p.s . well worth the money . 
no , it does not come with the stuffing tubes ; but the kitchenaid tubes will fit . 
whatever goes in must make a 90 degree turn into the spiral shaft before getting to the blade , so probably not . 
i just called chef 's choice . joice in cs told me that model 799 is made in the czech republic and has 1 more blade ( the fine one ) . model 796 is made in china . both should be aluminum , not plastic . 
the plastic meat pusher opens up , the second plate should be inside 
yes it works . but not the best product for big grinding projects . everyday small things no problem , unless you want to grind meat and alot of it , its just too time consuming ... hope this helps 
i do not know for sure ( not marked ) , it feels like it 's made from a hard plastic , it has a smooth finish . you can find wooden ones online . the grinder is great , works smoothly , no metal shavings in your food . 
it fits the standard accessory port on all kitchenaid stand mixers . 
the attachment screw comes with the actual mixer . 
instructions that came with unit say do not wash any part of it in dishwasher ... however , it completely breaks down ( comes apart ) for easy clean up and hand wash of components ... 
it fits and works perfect with my kitchenaid artisan mixer . 
it has a tank so you do n't have to drain it with the hose , but when we 're going to be away for several days and ca n't empty it , i always put it on the kitchen counter and let the hose drain into the sink . the gravity gives me some peace of mind . 
manufacturer warranty : 24 months parts and labor 
i will say about almost a gallon . 
we have not had it on that on that temperature but it has been great.. 
yes , this model has a separate water container . it is located in the front and is easily pulled out . it also has a built in handle for ease of carrying . 
you should check to be sure the unit is absolutely level . if it is n't , the water may flow into the tank instead of the hose . ( had it happen to me . ) 
i used a killawatt unit to measure my new adr30a2g . with the fan speed on low it uses 276 watts . it was also drawing 2.59 amps and after 4 hours it used 1.07 kwh . where i live that cost me around 8 cents , or 2 cents an hour , or a half a buck per day . 
yes it does , comes with its own 4 ' hose for this . 
unit shuts off when pan is full or humidity level is reached . that includes the fa . 
no , i do n't think so . the recall was for a previous model from about 5 years ago . 
i would check on the company ' s website or just google it . manuals are often online . 
yes it has a nice size container for catching the water with a handle for dumping . the hose is optional 
sorry i ca n't help . i have n't taken mine out of the box yet . 
by hooking up the drain hose to the rear of the unit you enable the continuous flow function to work- there is a float inside the reservoir that will make the unit stop when it is full of water ( kind of like how the float in the back of your toilet works ! ) by hooking up the hose you subsequently bypass the float from ever sensing the unfit is full . 
it is very easy to empty the water and it also comes with a hose to self drain . you do not need to add anything . just empty , and one every couple of week , depending on how many times you used it , you need to vacuum the air filter which is also very easy . i would give this a very high rating . hope that helps ... i am not sure of the size ... i think that looks correct . it is on wheels and has ample cord so it can be moved around and put away when not in use . 
yes , internal bucket that will automatically shutoff when full . it has a 2 year warranty but if you register online it gives you an additional 2 months , 26 months total . 
this unit comes with a hose and it is easy to hook up . this is one of the nicest units i have ever bought . quite , efficient and very easy to operate . 
yes it does ! 
my basement is about that size , but essentially only one room . if you have good air flow throughout , perhaps . 
i have heard mine shut down once it reaches the desired humidity level . 
no clue . only used it for a week to dry out a flooded basement . 
yes . you can see all of the specifications for this product at https : www.danby.com en us our_products dehumidifiers adr50a2g . 
plastic , if you want a `` humidifier '' dont buy this.. i brought this because of `` aroma theraphy '' and with that it serves its purpose ( but only for 10mins ) until it became defective ... still waiting for sellers response 
a lot larger than an air freshener . i would say the size of a small-medium fish bowl . 
it 's not to big but not to small . i would say it 's about 6 1 2 in tall 8 ins wide . i love love love mine ! 
3-4 
i 'm thinking it is just a bit loud . i 've had two of these and the longer you use them it seems to get louder . make sure the center piece is snapped in correctly . it can be removed for cleaning and it 's possible it 's not seated properly . hope this helps . 
in a very small room it serves as a humidifier . just do not put any fragrance in it . 
no 
its 110 ... and its not a humidifier like it says . it swirls water . 
no just water . but i do n't recommend this product . it just swirls ... not much action . purifier its not . 
the seller 's answer is not very believable given that the photo shows what looks like a plastic lid and the description says there is an external indicator window for water level . what is the window made of if not plastic , in which case the boiling water is in contact with plastic . 
it 's attached and it opens wide enough to fill easily 
mine does not shut off either even when the water is too hot . i would return it but i had discarded the box already . 
yes it is completely concealed . 
no 
they are pretty deep , but honestly , from sleeping on it-its starting to tear . its not that old 
i bought mine for a normal full ( double ) size mattress , but it was very generous and would have fit a much thicker mattress . i ca n't say specifically about a posturpedic . the pad is very soft , much like down . 
hi . i would think so . it 's not as thick as my previous mattress pad but it 's very soft and i have n't had an issue since putting it in my bed . it would add that extra layer but also be flexible to fix on a futon . 
i think it should . it 's not super thick but does have nice padding on it . 
i think it should , my mattress is about 10 '' it fits really snug so i think as llong as it 's the correct size then it should n't bunch , i pull mine and it goes well under my mattress , hope this helps its just a try and see 
adds about 1in of cushion . my bed feels amazingly soft , like a brand new bed , and i have a foam mattress . 
sorry to have taken so long to respond . yes , we measured and it 'll fit an 8-in mattress . 
it 's cotton , totally washable and extremely comfortable . it 's a total winner 
no it does n't come with a skirt ... . 
i suspect it might not go to the edges all the way around . it goes to the edges on my standard bed with lots of non fluff material to tuck under . that material is elastic and fits very nicely . so if you do n't mind some of it not being covered it might work for you . i 've washed mine 2 x now and it has done very well , just like new . 
it has somewhat deeper pockets so i would not think that it would work on a smaller mattress . it does have good elastic on the skirt . 
i would say cool , depends on how ever many top covers you use . 
i would think so . you should be able to tuck the extra under the mattress and it will stay put . 
the picture shows a mattress pad , but i think you are referring to a day bed ensemble . the skirt is 15 inches long and it does have slits . it is very nice looking on the bed ... many compliments ! ! ! i highly recommend this product ... it 's beautiful on my day bed ! please enjoy . 
it is not thick at all ... approx eighth of an inch at the most . 
i really do n't know- i did n't check . sorry 
this mattress pad fits like a fitted sheet . it is very soft on top and fits well . 
it really does ! washes extremely well . i 've only washed it 3 times so far and it came perfect ! great quality ! 
my daughter is in college and her dorm room has a typical dorm mattress , which is n't even as thick as a regular mattress . we put a 1 inch memory foam on top of the mattress and then this mattress pad over it all . the sides were very stretchy and were tight enough to hold it all together . 
no . this is not a water proof pad . 
no it does not make the bed hot , but i always have the fan on at night to stay cool . 
according to google . company profile : master tex is the leading manufacturers and exporters of all kind of quality woven fabric , knitted fabrics and garments with a good reputation in the ... mastertex ( hk ) ltd - exporter , manufacturer from hong kong . mastertex ( hk ) ltd. office address : room 403 lippo sun plaza 28 canton road tsim sha tsui , kowloon , hong kong . contact person : mr. kelvin wong . supplier data mastertex international - zepol 
i am not sure about adding comfort to a hard bed . i would say it adds a little plushness and cushion , if you are looking for more than that you may want to consider a memory foam with this mattress pad . 
i use an electric blanket on top of mine ... 
i would n't call it a chemical smell . it has a slight newly manufactured scent similar to some fabrics in fabric stores . like i said in my review , i washed it and hung it to dry . that took care of any smell it had at first . i must tell you that i have a very sensitive nose , and because of that , i do not use fabric softener . i find it too strong . so there was no detergent or fabric softener scent to `` cover up '' the mattress pad 's smell after washing , and yet i did not detect a smell after it was dried . 
pad , generally for protection , topper , to make more comfortable , this is a little bit of both , but i had a feather topper and used the pad for protection and because of the fitted sides , helped keep it in place . but it 's a nice little cushon too . 
there is no logo or decoration of any kind embossed on the mugs . the words `` not for hot products '' and `` not for home canning '' are embossed on the lower sides of the mug . 
it 's just plain clear glass . the glass is not `` high temp '' as in pyrex measuring cups . 
yes , they are standard opening size . they can not , however , be used for typical canning . says on the bottom of mug . 
solid glass , very sturdy 
yes , they can . i even pour boiling water from the kettle straight into the glass and it never cracked . i 've done it for coffee and tea and still no issues . 
do n't buy these ... .i bought them for drinking glasses as well and when i received them i could n't believe how cheap there were . they are a light weight glass and not suitable for anything . 
we have over 2000 mugs available . for a quantity of 300 mugs , we recommend that you order this item in cases of 24 ( see http : www.amazon.com golden-harvest-drinking-mug-16 dp b0087z0rcg ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a13htxu7n5qmma ) so as to obtain the best pricing and lowest shipping fees . 
not really . i do n't have any problems with them . 
it is blank and i was disappointed about that , i thought the harvest emblem would be in it . 
yes 
corey ... .that 's a very good question . i had n't thought about bpa content in these disposable ice cube trays . have been trying to find info on the net about this particular product . also , after reading your question , i have examined the `` outside '' plastic bag in which these disposable bags are folded . there is no information about bpa nor is there a recycle number . what i did find is that this product is made in china . 
now sure on ounces , but each cube is about 1 inch x 1 inch . 
sadly no , these are a one-time-use product . 
according to the product description , they are 64-ounce , 46-ounce , 36-ounce and 24-ounce canisters . their approximate measurements are : 12 inches , 8 3 4 inches , almost 7 inches and not quite 5 inches . they are all just about 4 inches across . 
the bottom of these containers is glass . we 've had no trouble at all with having these on our granite countertops . 
yes , the lids are twist on off for airtight and very secure closure . 
there is no lip to hold them on top of each other but you can sit one on top of three other if you liked 
they are all 3 inches across . 
yes , it does ! 
there is a plastic seal that screws onto the canister and goes a little up onto the inside of the lid . the seal is solid but i do n't know if it 's totally air tight . one could easily install another small seal on the inside of the lid for total air-tightness . these things are just great and they are worth the extra effort . very pretty colour of red too ! 
it is perfect for spaghetti . 
the entire inside is glass the outer material i think is tin it is very well made there is no bag you just pour your flour or sugar right in the container . it is a nice set for the price . 
the tall one holds an entire lb . of pasta , and there is room left . the next size holds about 2-3 lbs . of sugar . the next size holds about 2 lbs . of flour . i only have some sugar in the small one . i love this set . this spring i had ants and they could not get in there ! 
one piece very nice looks just like picture . 
no 
no 
yes 
12 '' 9 '' 7 '' 5 '' with less than 1 2 '' leeway . they are on top shelf of shelving and i am 5'11 '' ... ... but close enough . i do n't know where the other answer 18-20 '' came from but maybe they were stacked . hope this helped . mary lain 
we usually use old tire pieces , but i think we can make an exception . 
no , the inside is plastic ! i use mine for continuous brew kombucha as well ! 
yes the whole thing is glass . the spigot is plastic . 
it is plastic 
yes , the spigot is replaceable . you will need to remove the plastic spigot before you fill the dispenser with water . i would take the original spigot to wherever you are going to look for a metal spigot . probably 'true value ' or 'ace hareware ' . 
not truly airtight . the glass top sits on the dispenser . it has a nice lip to hold it in place , but it is just gravity doing the work . but- the lid prevents contamination and would keep the drink from evaporating in the refrigerator . so i would use one in that way , probably a 1 gal or smaller . 
i have no idea . probably need to contact the manufacturer to find out . i have used mine for continuous kombucha brewing without any problems . 
i do n't know if it is bpa free but it is an entirely plastic spigot . there is a rubber piece in between the glass jar and the plastic spigot . 
it is 9.5 inches across . 
10 1 4 '' 
the elite is built from heavy duty square tube steel frame , the other one just uses steel wire on top of the frame . if weight or ware is a concern go elite . 
no the fram top is 14 inches the rails are about an inch clearance about 13 inches i use 12 inch tubs which slide easily 
wow , that sounds like a nice idea , but i 'm really not sure . the mattress fits exactly on top of this platform so the platform might slip down inside the frame like a box spring would , but you might have to remove any hardware on the inside of the wooden frame that is built to hold the box spring in place because this hardware will interfere with the metal platform as it has legs to rest on the floor . i would check on the return policy and give it a try because this platform is a brilliant alternative to a box spring . it was easy to set up and way comfortable . 
yes , i always like to put something between the metal and the mattress . i used one of the thin pieces of foam . works great . 
it appears that there are slots that could accommodate attaching a headboard and footboard . however , i 'm not sure if you 'd need a broader surface to hold it sturdily . i found this on amazon which may of help if more structure is needed : platform frame brackets for headboard and footboard ( set of 2 ) by eco-lux 
nope you should be fine it is fairly smooth and def sturdy enough . you could always lay something down on top of frame such as piece of plywood then soft sheet or blanket over that then air mattress on top and you def would have no problems . i 've seen then cheaper less sturdier frame in person , make sure you get this one the sleep master elite imo . 
http : www.amazon.com sleep-master-4-piece-bracket-platform dp b006mkig80 ref=pd_sim_hg_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0hqn8095szpkxsaaq69d 
sure , married 12 years ..i am about 270 '' but was way more , he is 190 and we have all kinds of movements on it , its strong , not like the frame we hat before ( same kind but not elite ) this elite version is super strong 
you should definitely confirm with them , but probably . i 'd get an email or something from them , so that if you ever need to use the warranty , they ca n't claim you did n't properly support the mattress . someone on `` the mattress underground '' emailed tuft & needle about whether their 10 '' mattress would work with the not-elite version sleep master frame and they said that they used it themselves . http : www.themattressunderground.com mattress-forum general-mattresses 15142-the-10-in-tuft-needle-diary.html ? start=270 # 48372 since the casper is similar , i expect it 'll work . worst case is you might have to pick up some wood slats at home depot and lay them across the frame to shrink the grid size down to 3 '' -5 '' from the 6-8 '' i think it comes with . 
it 's good as is ... no need for additional slats . 
no 
ok , if by frame you mean headboard and foot board and side railings but nothing else then you can simply open this structure and put it inside that arrangement as you would any other box spring . you do n't have to do anything else , just put the mattress above it and you are good to go . 
i just measured my `` full '' and there is 13 1 4 inches clearance . love the frame . the only issue is that the sheets do n't stay tucked in as well as they would with a box spring , because the fabric does n't have as much friction holding it with just the metal bars . however , i would n't trade it for a box spring . 
comes in 1 piece , legs fold down , only downfall is i wish it had wheels on the legs for mobility in moving away from walls , otherwise sturdy frame for double mattress . 
for a full size the dimensions are 54 '' x 75 '' . 
yes , bolts holes are at corners of frame for footboard & headboard attachments . 
not a sound . 
no , i do n't think this frame would work for an xl twin mattress . my twin mattresses are standard sized and use the entire frame length . an xl is , i believe , 5 '' longer . 
hi , i am sorry , but i purchased the twin size . so i do not know the dimensions of the full size . 
got a 9 year old grandson who has not made it squeak yet . but he only jumps on it and weights 70 lbs , i on the other dont jump on it and i 'm up and down most nights severals times and i weigh about 240 and no noise , i have a 10 inch memory foam mattress on this bed . good simple inexpensive frame , put a bed skirt on it lots of pillows and am using as a day bed 
i ca n't tell you what the max weight is . but i can tell you that my son and his wife together weigh 550lbs . we have had the platform for over a month now and none of the support brackets are bending ! however , we also put a 1 2 plywood sheet over the brackets before lying the box springs and mattress on it . please please note that if you have box spring you are planning to use , the bed will be very high off the ground . many people have bought this and just used a mattress which makes the bed a normal height . we are using a box spring and the bed is so high off the ground i can not get on the bed without a step ladder ! 
perfectly fine , if you have hard wood floors it could be loud with the feet ( fixable with floor pads ) i recommend you find a way to keep the legs locked down better , the leg locks are pretty lame on this frame . other then that it is amazing . great storage space , perfect support . no need for a boxspring at all . also , you need standalone head board or leg boards , doesnt look like there are attachment options ... i love it to death , will never buy any other frame kind again.. not to mention the weight support is amazing.. im very over weight ... 
i see four holes through the frame on both ends that might be used to install brackets . hope that helps . 
it should fit , yes . 
you can not connect them , but they can be pushed together . 
the frame work fits inside the bed frame . i put the frame end first . i am not sure about the 100 % rubber feet . i also tend to toss and turn but have not noticed any movement of the frame . we have carpet in the bedroom . the queen size could be dropped inside the frame easily by two people . 
4400 it 's very sturdy . 
no they ca n't be adjusted , the leg assemblies simply fold and lock into position . 
i 'm using a regular , inexpensive twin mattress , so i ca n't be sure . but , for what it 's worth , here 's my advice . i would think , if your foam mattress is a good quality fairly dense , and at least 6 '' high , then it would be fine . you may also want to consider the weight of potential users . if you 're planning on having young children use it occasionally , then you can get by with something of lesser quality . they seem to be able to sleep anywhere . if it 's to be used by teens or adults , then they would appreciate better quality . so , i guess you just have to decide who 's going to be using it and how long you 'd like them to stay ! 
absolutely ! get a soft toothbrush and slowly wipe the surface down.whatever you do do n't try to wipe the surface with your bare hands , they will cut your hands like little razors ! 
no . pf2 is for the black berkey filters . pf-4 is for the ceramic berkey filters . 
these filters last practicly forever , if you keep them clean they do n't realy wear out , if you are filtering tap water you will need to clean them once or twice a year , more often if the water is more contaminated . they do filter very slowly so you might consider adding extra filters to speed up the process , i have 3 in mine and i 'm adding a fouth . otherwise these filters work fantastik ! 
yes they do . they come with everything you need to change the filters in your berkey . 
i guess the black ones are supposed to filter out more stuff but i 've tried the black ones and do n't like them as they seem to plug up much sooner and are harder to clean than the white ones . the white ones are great and i 've been using them for about sixteen years , not the same set but the white filters . 
i can not find any reference to the ceramic filters actually removing heavy metal ions.the company does say that their black filters remove heavy metal ions including arsenic . 
yes , the 9 '' filters will fit the big berkey as well as the british berkefeld systems . the only size we do not recommend the 9 '' filters for is a `` travel berkey '' as they are too tall to work effectively . there are 7 '' filters that work well for that system . additionally , we sell a larger filter for the `` imperial berkey '' . please let us know if you have any other berkey filter questions . 
not even close ! 
yes to both , and mine are still going strong : ) 
some times if the filter is tightened too much it seems to shut off the water flow . try loosening it and see if that works . if not then call your supplier , i have found them to be very helpful . 
the interior is smooth . i have n't used it yet but i 'm confident it will work very well . 
`` small '' is such a relative term . for crushing a single aspirin , this particular mortar might be overkill . on the other hand , it really does n't take up much space at all and it is large enough that i would n't worry about having any of the ground pills spill out . it 's very easy to clean and and decorative on the shelf . it seems to wear well and it 's not expensive . i just now reduced two regular aspirin to the consistency of powdered sugar in 15 seconds . the bowl is about 3.5 inches wide and 2 inches deep . it holds 7 oz ( liquid ) . outside , it 's 3.5 inches tall and 4 inches wide . the pestle is 5.25 inches long and easily fits my hand . 
hi , if you really look at the description you see stainless not stain `` free '' , but as far as rust i do n't think you will have a problem . i think rust will only form on stainless if there is some contaminate left on the stainless surface . 
inside is 2 1 2 inches deep . overall it is 3 1 2 inches tall and measures 4 inces across . i like the size for even grinding dried jalepenos . 
no . 
i have both kinds of mortars and pestles , one out of metal and one made of stone . in the stone one i ground up some caraway seeds . it was quite a job . the roughness of the inside helped , but there was still a lot of elbow grease expended . the metal one is too smooth to give you any kind of help . my husband uses the metal one to crush pills . it works very well for this job . the answer to your question is that the metal one would grind grains and nuts , but not well and only with a tremendous amount of work . 
there are no labels . what you see is what you get . advantages are stainless steel and ca n't break like my last one , no penetration or abrasion will scrape any off like the powder from the ceramics , low price and great looks . we have stainless kitchen appliances and it really looks cool with them . fantastic product compared to others offered . 
oh dear , china baby 
excellent question and one i thought about before purchase and was prepared to place some ceramic tiles to absorb excess heat . but , it is not needed . the insulation is good and i can actually set my hand upon the top when it has been baking at 350 for 20 minutes . it continues to gain some heat , but nowheres near what the consumer countertop ovens i had before radiated . i think that is because the consumer models have no insulation . i absolutely love the oven and it bakes better than my expensive double convection stainless thermador . hope that helps in your decision process . i do n't see how you can go wrong if you get one of the ovens as pictured in the photo as i did . good things have a way of changing locations of manufacturing if you know what i mean . ; ) 
exterior dimensions : 14 '' h x 18.75 '' w x 17.75 '' d interior dimensions : 8.75 '' h x 14 '' w x 13 '' d cu . ft. : 0.92 there are three sets of rails for mounting three cookie sheets . when mounted on the rails , the bottom sheet is 1 '' above the bottom of the interior . the rails jut out 0.75 '' on either side . 
i measured it 20 1 8 inches from back to front when including the projection of the oven door handle , 18 3 4 inches wide and 14 3 4 inches high including the feet it rests upon . 
yes , this oven does cook premade junk food breaded or battered up nicely . i do cook frozen fish and chips in it a lot . it comes out excellent . 
i do n't believe it has a broil option . it does have a timer but the timer on ours has actually never worked . 
no it does n't . it 's small enough you do n't need it . 
the oven is extremely well insulated . while operating , its outer sides get slightly warm , not hot . the front glass is double paned . the door seal gasket is effective enough that steam vapor often puffs out when the door is opened to take out cooked food . wisco has an english language web site the look and feel of which suggests that the oven is intended for the commercial restaurant market . 
this does not have a broil function unfortunately . it only works as a straight up convection oven with heated , circulating air . 
never cooked a pizza in it , but you can check the product dimensions and then figure out the size of pizza you will need to fit it . hope this helps . 
the available interior dimensions are 13-1 2 '' wide x 10 '' deep . this accommodates a standard 9 '' x12 '' baking dish . i 've had mixed results with baked goods . cornbread was quite dark on top and not done on the inside . i use my standard oven for baked breads and cakes . it 's a rocket on everything else . 
we had no problems with packaging or delivery . the console looks great and is well worth the money . 
dear trudy b. , thank you for your recent home decorators collection purchase on amazon.com . i would be happy to assist you today regarding your product inquiry . the holbrook tv stand does resemble close to the picture . there are areas of green paint on the item to give it a distressed look . i hope this information has been helpful ! i apologize for any inconvenience . if we can be of any further assistance , please do not hesitate to contact us back . thank you for visiting our shop on amazon.com . we look forward to your continued business . sincerely , angelas . internet representative 
this item ships freight and arrives 7-10 business days from ship date . they will contact you to schedule the delivery . for standard delivery , they will cross one threshold . for standard plus they will bring into room of choice and unpackage the item . it comes fully assembled . 
i would be happy to assist you with your questions about the predrilled holes in the holbrook tv stand . the holbrook does have predrilled holes for wires . 
cabinets : 17 1 2 '' w x 15 1 2 '' d x 23 3 4 '' h - opening 15 '' w x 21 3 4 '' h shelves : 17 3 8 '' w x 14 3 4 '' d x 3 4 '' thick -- 12 1 2 '' h to top - 10 1 2 '' h to bottom 
no they are not . the inside shelves are 10.5 '' ( 1 ) each side . and the open shelves are 6.5 '' each . 
short answer is 56 '' leg to outside leg . great piece wish the shelves were adjustable . 
almost any size dougsfurniturebarn ny 
for aesthetic reasons i would not use a television larger than 58 inches wide . the stand is solid wood and will hold any tv you choose . i have a 65in samsung which is the same width as the stand . 
no , i did not stain . i like the natural color and imperfections . 
they are large & wonderful . 12 inches long including spoon . spoon width 2.5 ( not 3 ) at the base tapering to 2 at tip , length 4 . 
they are spoon spatulas . they are not as deep as some of the other spoon spatulas , but they are very sturdy . 
yes you can pull the handle out for thorough cleaning . i love using mine . so easy to use and keep clean . 
i 'm sorry , but i do n't think i got that with my order . 
they 're quite flexible 
i threw away the packaging so i do n't know . i checked on the spatulas and it does n't say . sorry ! 
plastic 
i usually use it on an 8-10 '' diameter pot , but it can easily accommodate a larger pot - i would feel safe using it on a pot up to 12 '' or so . it does work really well- have n't had a boil over yet ! 
no there is not . i have this and love it . works like the expensive ones sold elsewhere ! 
i do n't believe so . 
i 'm not sure ... i 've always used it so i ca n't say for sure whether or not it is necessary or not , sorry ! 
we do combine shipping . purchasing multiple units will be adjusted at checkout . 
plastic 
it is made of plastic . i do n't know if is a good plastic but i do n't reccomend this one . i returned it . too much little things attached and it looked difficult to use and parts would be lost very soon . 
0.25 l. yes it is dishwasher safe . 
neither . it 's just a straight hepa filter . air is sucked through the filter and out the other side . 
no 
my daughter bought this for a dorm room about that size because she had allergies . she felt like it was effective ... 
would fit nicely under desk ... might be too big to put on desk though ... 
super easy filter replacement . there are two filters . open the back of the unit and the are completely visible . 
it has a very small dull blue light on the top i just put a envelope over i 
it sits directly next to my head on a table and i 'm able to sleep no problems , even on the highest setting 
sure do michael ... the pre-filter is model hrf-b2 and the hepa filter is model hrf-h2 
it comes with one set of filters . the filters last between 6 and 12 months depending on how dirty the air is and how you clean them . 
lately , i put it on the high setting when i am not home , and change it to low when i am home so it is quieter . i have not had it very long , so this may change . 
hpa200 
i run all of mine 24 7. i only turn them off to change the filters . 
as far as i know yes . ours is 
it is 12 '' high , 10 '' wide and 7 '' deep . 
yes 
about 6 feet long 
i 've had my purifier a few months now . i 've vacuumed the pre filter off several times , and it my opinion , it could be gently washed if necessary and will last a long time . i love this purifier ! 
definitely . i do run mine with the windows open sometime , but i it is much more effective with them closed . 
about the same . 
hpa204 is correct . 
yes , it comes with 2 filters to get you started . 
19 '' tall , 16.5 '' long and 9 '' wide 
18 1 2 inches tall , 16 wide and 8 1 2 deep 
no . ul label on bottom of unit lists only 120 volts . 
i believe it will help , when we repainted the walls of our bedroom it seems like our filter cut the fumes and off gassing considerably 
i do n't think it addresses dust mites directly , but when you sit down on your mattress or put your head down on your pillow , dust puffs into the air . it does help knock down that dust level quickly in a bedroom with the door closed . we use dust mite covers for mattesses , use dust mite proof pillows , and wash bedding regularly to keep dust mites down . good luck ! ! ! 
single carbon pre-filter changed at 60 day intervals and dual hepa filters . have n't had to change the hepa filters yet ; so , replacement interval not established yet . probably 9 to 12 months will work for my climate needs . 
no oder . it is fairly quit except when you run it on turbo mode . 
i believe it 's 184 sq ft . 
hi , i found the answer on menards website and downloaded the specs : model hpa300 product specifications : * made in china * aham verifide tm cadr : 4 - smoke : 300 - dust : 320 - pollen : 300 * aham verifide tm room size : 465 sq . ft. ( 21 ' x 22 ' ) 4 * replace ment filters : - true hepa : hrf-r1 ( 1 pack ) , hrf-r2 ( 2 pack ) , hrf-r3 ( 3 pack ) - requires 3 true hepa filters . replace 1 x per year . - odor reducing pre-filter : hrf-ap1 , odor & gas reducing pre-filter : hrf-app1 . replace every 3 months fyi i do not replace mine every 3 months and i run it on med all the time . also , i buy the charcoal filter here online for about 4.95 shipped and i cut it to size , it makes 3 charcoal pre-filters and saves a ton.they are unbranded . 
22 '' wide , 23 1 2 '' high , 13 '' deep 
hpa-300 is more quiet . similar performance . 
yes the unit does remove mold spores . however unless the source of mold spores is addressed , no filter can prevent exposure in the short term . 
correct ... air is exhausted out of the top of the machine . 
john i have this filter in our 900 sq foot great room and it does a grear job . our first floor is about 1400 sq feet and it seems to be working well . it 's incredibly quiet and looks much better than the older round honeywell filters . 
for the hpa300 , wattage is 127watts at highest setting . i am using step down transformer with 150watts . 
replacement filter : r replacement pre-filter : a or a plus i have re-ordered both from amazon . not cheap , but they are the ones recommended by the manufacturer . 
i 've left ours on since it arrived a few weeks ago . it has a timer you can activate but by default it will stay on indefinitely . 
yes . a complete set of filters is included in the box . pre-filter is good for 3 months and the main filters last 1 year . 
mine was an hpa100 
no , this is the hpa100 . it 's smaller . 
yes there are two diffferent filters to be replaced , depending on use . one is a hepa filter and the other is a charcoal one , looking at about $ 35.00 for filters . they can be found on amazon or other online sites.. filters should last about a year under normal use.. 
no 
it is 14 '' tall , 12 '' wide ( side to side ) , and then 7.5 '' for the next width ( front to back ) . 
to the best of my knowledge , no it does not . hopefully it will say that in the description . 
yes . i used to live with a heavy smoker and had a honeywell hepa filter system at the time . as long as you are on top of replacing filters it makes a huge difference . 
i think you can 
it is very dark grey slate stone . it is a beautiful piece , i love it . i was like a kid on christmas when i opened it ... i had to put all of my different salts , oils , & vinegars on it right away . it does come with all of the accessories for serving cheese & such . in my opinion , this is a steal at this price . 
yes you can , however , chalk is larger thus the letters become distorted . i have sharpened my colored chalk into a point but when you write a few letters you must keep sharpening . i just use paper to bring the chalk to a point . it comes with its own chalk writing implements and they work very well but it comes only in white . 
no 
yes with chalk 
i have only used it for cheeses . i put 5 slabs of cheese on the plate , labeled them and served . it was fine . i have never considered how much weight it holds - it is rather small - so not more than a few pounds . . . 
mine was in perfect shape ! i bought it as a gift and the recipient uses it often ! ! i 'd try again ! 
it comes with one year manufacturer warranty . after receive the product , customer has 15 days to contact seller if any issues occur . 
it is 115 v 60hz 1 phase . 
sure but it cuts down on the efficiency . the more distance the hot air has to be pushed the lower the efficiency . bends in the piping also affect it . what i use when i have to is that insulated duct stuff . they sell it at home depot . its a 6in inner plastic pipe covered with insulation and black plastic on the outside . i had to relocate my acs to be closer to the vent . then i had an hvac guy come in a cut two 8 inch holes in my outside wall so i could bring in fresh air . do some research on the efficiency . i moved my units closer to the exhaust outlet i had to put them up on a shelf which is good because cold air falls . 
yes . all i use . make sure to have right hose . i used washer hose . 
it 's not completely silent but even on the high fan mode it seems pretty quiet . i 'd say it 's quieter on its highest setting than my box fan on its lowest setting . 
it includes a window mount for the exhaust tube that changes width to fit most windows . 
you can purchase a hose to drain the water from the drain hole . please read the manual for details http : site.sunpentown.com wa-1240.1420_manual.pdf 
yes . standard plug should be on own circuit though 
great question ! it comes with the collapsible tube , and window slot and even the foam to line the window with . it 's all inclusive and amazing . second summer using it and could n't be happier ! ! ! worth every dollar ! ! ! 
1 year warranty on labor and parts 
115v 60hz . yes , it has to be vented to outside . one hose is required and included . 
yes , it comes with complete fitting kit for standard set up included . you could also go to the link for detailed information http : site.sunpentown.com wa-1240.1420_manual.pdf 
yes , the maximum length of the window slider kit is 48 '' and can be used in a vertical or horizontal configuration ( either type of window ) . 
6 '' diameter and 4'9 '' length 
it is a standard 110 , 15-amp , 3-prong plug . the plug is rather large because it houses a circuit breaker ( l 3 1 2 '' x w 1 3 4 '' x d 1 '' ) . it will only fit in the lower socket of a standard 110 receptacle without blocking the upper receptacle . 
the a c comes with an exhaust hose and window kit . you need to install the exhaust hose through the window so that the warm air can be vented out . 
yes , the unit has castors wheels which make it very easy to move around and station . 
plastic cooling fan that cracks and makes noise . 
i believe it does have a condensate pan . 
srunk down about 16 '' , stretched out , it 's about 72 '' 
yes , you can set the desired temperature . 
yuca , i think , has the same dense ness as a potato . it should grate it perfectly . a plantain my be too soft ? unless you grate it before it gets ripe ? 
it is marked as 120v . there is no toggle switch as on for example a hair dryer . 
you mean the best grater ? that depends on what you 're making . hash browns - use the same greater you use for carrots . for chips , use the same greater you would use for cucumber slices . 
yes . i had no problem plugging it in and using it . 
yes it has red tones with the dark brown think it will match nicely i bought 2 sets for grandkids very well made 
the seat is about 11 1 2 inches from the ground . the back of the chair is about 22 1 2 inches tall . 
it is wood but it is really small . a lot smaller than i thought it would be . they never use it lol 
machine would probably work for a small venue like a high school game..i think it would not work for a real high output venue . 
one tray makes 6-8 cones , i would guess a ten pound bag would fill the tray 4 or 5 times . hope that helps the cone cups do n't need much ice . 
yes , the ice is finely crushed without yielding large chunks pieces . i originally purchased this product to be used at my granddaughter 's frozen themed birthday party . it was such a hit and easy to set-up , use and clean that we put it to use often when entertaining guests as well as simple family time gatherings . this product is definitely one of my top 3 purchases of 2014 . 
this is a plug in unit only not battery powered . 
i use it as soon as shaved..does not stick together real well till melted a little.. & how long does it last depends on how hot it is at your location..i use the machine for just me so i only shave enuf for about 2-3 cones.. 
metal . 
it 's held up well with a 12 & 10 year old making snow cones for friends & family these last several months . of course at this price it 's not a professional model but it 's been durable so far . i 'd buy another one . 
a good amount 
yes , the machine has metal blades . 
just crush the ice and add whatever liquid you like . we put the ice in a cup and add a bit of juice . 
the maximum height is 6 feet . my pantry door is 16.5 '' wide and this shelf is 13 3 4 '' inches wide and fits well with enough room to close nicely . yes , you can just hang over the door with a hook for the top of the door and the bottom to anchor . it is more stable with a few screws ( provided ) to secure it . the shelves are adjustable and quite sturdy . this is a very inexpensive way to increase your storage capacity . i love mine . 
baskets are 15 '' x6 '' and it fits a door 79 '' . i hope this helps , it really works well for my pantry door . 
the rack is made to fit a standard 80 '' tall door which is typical in most entry doors . it comes in several pieces which is basically an over the door hook that attaches a bracket to hold the shelves baskets . there are three brackets total and finally attach a final bracket that goes under the door . you can opt to use included screws to stabilize the shelves which i recommend and then you can easily mount the shelves however you want to space them apart . the highest you can mount the top shelf is 8 '' from the top and the lowest is 2 '' from the bottom . if your door is shorter than 80 '' you can remove the bottom bracket or one of the three brackets to shorten it . hope this helps . 
do n't waste your money . however , it 's supposedly dishwasher safe . 
the person doing demonstration makes it seem fantastic.. not so much does n't work well ... i returned it 
i do n't know as i threw mine in the garbage after i sliced the side of my thumb off ! 
the center blade part rotates to different positions so one position is for slices and another is for small dicing shredding , and one larger for fries . but it really did not work very well and that 's why i returned mine . 
there is a book that come with it 
you take the vegetable and press it into the bottom of the safety piece . this will allow for the metal prongs to poke into your vegetable . then , holding the safety guard with the vegetable attached , you slide the vegetable across the blade in a downward motion . there should have been instructions included in your box ! i hope this helps . 
it didnt work for me the cheese is too sticky or thick or something 
i returned mine . i do n't think so you have the box . but my opinion is do n't buy it ! it is dangerous ! . the first time i used it the last slice i sliced half my fingernail off . i was lucky it only bled for about two hours and took a couple of months to heal . other people have ended up in the er with gushing bleeding that would n't stop . it is up to you but i will never buy anything like that again . 
if you want small round disks , you jab the carrot standing up into the pins of the handle . a long carrot is too unstable and will flip off . so you have to cut the carrot into maybe a 2 '' -3 '' piece , jab it on standing up and try to cut it . it 's easier at a bit of an angle . if you want long strips , jab the carrot on sideways and drag the length of the carrot across the blade . and if you are talking baby carrots forget it . i 've tried . honestly , a food processor with a feed tube is the best way to go to quickly slice carrots . 
i would be happy to help if you can be more precise with your question . are we talking about tuscany bananas or neapolitan bananas ? 
no . the dielectric constant of the plastic material is too high . to achieve a functional thermal assist , a three-phase power source is required . i suggest using an adaptor that allows you to plug in a set of jumper cables into a four-prong twistlock outlet ( to avoid accidental electrocution , obviously ) . 
carl , as long as you do n't accidentally let your meat slide under one of these slicers , you should be good . once any form of meat touches the slicer , vegetarians are no longer legally allowed to use this product . trust me , i found out the hard way and had my wages garnished and lost my spot in the jg wentworth commercial series . 
it 's hard to tell , as my perception of time has been transformed by this unique invention . before , the days seemed to crawl by and blur together . my hours were spent slicing up bananas by hand , and would n't you know it , by the time i 'd finish one i 'd inevitably burned enough calories slicing to be hungry again ! now my days are full of playing guitar , watching sunsets , going on hikes , all the things i love to do ! i did n't even know what 'time ' was before the hutzler 571b came into my life ! 
well brett must be `` bananas '' ! ! lol ! ! because i ordered this last year for my annual `` girls and bananas '' party ( do n't ask lol ! ) and it definitely came with 2 slicers . only problem was our bananas were too big 
no , but an instruction booklet on how to eat larger slices of banana is available for $ 9.99 
these are made of plastic and as such are not suitable for sharpening . when used with bananas which are soft they need not be sharpened . 
did n't measure them but too thick ... ... do not buy it does not slice all the way through ... . 
i would say yes because it cleans the air an helps with particles that fly in the air big difference makes the air alot easier to breath an it 's a lot cleaner . hope this helps i really like mine very much glad i bought it . 
the hepa and pre-filter can be washed , but take quite awhile to dry - that 's why i have a second set so i can swap out filters and keep the air purifier running . the other two filters only vacuum . you an get filters from the rocky mountain air purifier site . 
i have no pets now , however ; i taught my cats and a cocker spaniel to let me vacuum them . scared at first , but then they loved it ( especially during the high- shedding time of the year ) . i lost these pets long before i got the air machine . i would say that you could just use a hand held vac up to the front cover of it to clean it off . the filters are inside the box and should no be affected by the hair . i hope this helps 
hi ellenbogen california has an emissions law against ozone producing machines . the only way you can get a machine is if i send it to a business they are allowed to have them . yes it is a dumb law but you can own one but i ca n't ship it to you . if you have a friend out of state i can ship it there and they can send it to you i just ca n't do it.hope i answered your question you can call me toll free lou lombardi 800-868-5534 thanks . 
hey rudy 3.500 square feet . any questions call me lou lombardi toll free 800-868-5534 . ( note of course this all has to do with the air flow of your home or office . the person with the conflicting square feet is wrong it has always been 3,500 square feet no more no less ) . 
hi april this would be the unit that help eliminate the worst of the urine smells ozone is a great oxidizer . there is some things to know to help you with this problem i have been in the carpet cleaning business for over 40 years . so if you have carpet you should have it cleaned first to remove most of the urine steam truck mount should be your best bet on powerful deep down urine removal . there also is a difference if it is a cat or dog . cats have a stronger urine then a dog and that is from the kind of food cats eat . now you should have the purifier in the room with the worst urine odor that will help the odor for migrating to other parts of the house . i also can give you more ideas of thing you can do so if you would like a more personal assessment of your problem just give me a toll free call . 800-868-5534 i do take call just about anytime even on sundays thanks lou hope i was of some help . 
it does a very good job of removing dust , pollen , and other particulates , particularly if you turn on the anion generator . that helps precipitate particulates out of the air so you do n't breathe them . 
hey felix i wish ! that would be fantastic . no not a heater just a air purifier sorry thanks lou . 
yes 
yes 
i believe it goes to 450 
cooking oil capacity is 6 liters for each tank . 12 liters total for both tanks together . 
i believe one year . they have very good customer service . they respond very quickly . 
the plugs are common three prong grounded 110v electrical plugs . the important thing is that they must be plugged into an outlet connected to at least a 20a breaker . 15a will not work . there are two plugs on this dual fryer and they can not be plugged into the same outlet or connected to the same breaker . each one must be on it 's own circuit with at least 20a capacity . 
regular . not the flat ground 
no you have to pour the oil out 
ca n't find country of manufacture . sorry 
i bought it for funnel cakes . it probably would have worked alright but when i received it only one of the tanks worked ( heated up ) and the quality was all together very cheap . i had to return it because it was so bad . i was very disappointed . 
i can tell you from afar that it doesn 
ce 
i would not endorse this unit for commercial use . i 've had mine for 7 months . it works great , however it goes through a lot of fuses . and the fuses are special order and easy to find on the internet . if you have an electrical supply store in town though , you can find them there . and radio shack does have them . it seems the longer the unit runs ; the more often it blows the fuse . i.e. , 4-6 hours . 
yes this unit has a warranty and i purchased an extended 2 year warranty 
it does not come with any cover . the glass lid that you see in the pictures is the only cover it has , and that stays on during cooking . 
while the rollers are still on and hot , i use a wet ( with water ) microfiber cloth . gently rub back and forth on each roller as they are turning . some products leave the rollers with a little crust . when this happens i add a dampened , none soapy ( the green pads ) scouring pad to the mix . again with gentle pressure and just enough to break down the crust and then finish with the microfiber cloth . so far the rollers still look brand new . hope this helps . 
mine came without the sneeze guard as well and i got no pesponse from the seller . 
sounds like a short . a loose power wire 
i 've had it happen a couple of times and just shut it off and restart it and it always works . i also lubricate them three times a week like they recommend . 
forget . call amazon and try to get your money back . i gave up after they replaced 3 times . 
there is no dust cover . i usually cover it back up with the plastic packaging and then back in the shipping box . 
23 '' wide x 16 '' deep x 8 '' tall . the glass adds 9 '' to the overall height . 
none on mine 
in the oil . below a removable steel plate 
what ever the recipe you are following tells you to do . typically around 2-3 minutes for breaded bite ( or couple of bites ) sized pieces of chicken at 375. different sized pieces of chicken and temperatures will call for different cooking times . it is always safest to double check the doneness of the chicken with a meat thermometer to ensure the piece of chicken has been properly cooked . 
1750 watt immersion heating element 
yes 
i believe this is a 110 volt unit only . you would not be able to convert over as the element would blow . you will need to find a 220 volt or 230 volt unit 
i do not know what you mean by magnetic elec cord . it is a 3 wire 110-volt cord that requires a 20 amp breaker 
no 
the handle is loose on the basket , which is very cheaply made . the thermometer barely makes french fry temp . i would not buy this again . buy locally so you can return professional quality it is not 
that depends on how big your calzones are . the basket is 8 '' x 7 '' x 4-1 2 '' deep , and the fryer itself is maybe 1-2 '' bigger in each direction . i would think this would fit most calzones . 
i would say no unless your table is extremely low . the intent of this bench is storage . 
i am uncertain at max , but my boyfriend is 6'2 and 250 pounds and he sits comfortably on it . 
hi- mine is 32 '' long , 16 '' deep and 18 '' high . 
it is more of an off white than a bright white . 
bright white 
product dimensions : 16 x 32 x 18 inches 
yes , nice hinges . the lid stays up until you push it closed . 
16 x 32 x 18 inches 
we ordered this and i would say its a true white . 
17 1 2 inches high with legs on . 
yes , it will open plastic jars . 
as long as the cap fits where it turns to open the jar size does n't matter . 
it was an older lady who recommended his product to me and showed me how it works . once the jar opener has grasped the jar , you can use both hands to hold the jar ... it is actually very cool and works very good . 
it works on every jar . it is fantastic . i have r.a. and it is particularly bad in my wrists . i could not open jars without it . 
i really do n't know ... i do n't think it clamps on that tight ... really just holds jar firmly in place while the top turns and opens ... 
3 1 2 '' it works great if you need it . 
hi nickolas , it opens 1.2 inch to 3.5 inch diameter lids . 
about 12 inches . it 's about 4 inches deep . it 's very wide and shallow . 
i use mine in the oven 
it 's not cast iron . very light weight . 
i would assume 500*f , i do n't remember it saying anything on lables about that . i use mine in the oven and stovetop with direct flame , no problems . 
do n't buy this mine had large chips in the finish i use it for a dog water bowl outside buy something else 
i do n't know . i would n't think so . it is your typical enameled cookware . like you would find in your grandmothers kitchen . no antibacterial additives then . 
yes 
yes 
it does n't come with a lid 
yes it does . we bought it for `` nostalgic '' reasons . they are functional and `` fun '' ... 
a little , not much . 
best to my knowledge it would be fine . it 's been a great machine . we grind more then that and put it in the freezer , but i do n't know why you could n't grind a cup everyday . 
it 's not too bad if you put the lid on . no worse than a lawn mower or hair dryer . 
i think the mini seed mill will do coffee but for sure not the large mill . so far i have only used the small grinder for spices . the large mill will only grind dry grain nothing that is wet or oily such as flax seeds or nuts . 
i have not but sounds like something i might look into . 
there is no setting for cracked wheat , but it will grind a range of flour textures . 
you can not grind nuts with this one it cant be anything that has oils in it like nuts coffee and it will not do oats 
steel , at least i 'm pretty sure . it does work amazing though ! 
mine only works on 110 volt . 
no oil seeds like flax seeds , but not sure about almonds 
brown . but it is really dark . i have black furniture and the pillow coordinates well . 
worked for me ! 
yes 
i do n't see why it could n't be . the case is made of a more durable type fabric . it would n't be waterproof but if you had a waterproof pillow to stuff it with i would say it could work ok outside . 
they are covers 
sorry these cases do not come with the pillow insert , and nor do we sell pillow inserts . 
18x18 fits perfectly ! 
yes , if i remember correctly , the flat fabric is 18x18 , so a 16x16 will work . i 'll verify after i get home tonight to look at them . 
yes , the label on the front indicates bpa free , though perhaps you ca n't really tell from the photo . 
they are 3 '' x 1 3 4 '' x 5 '' h ( with lid ) . i have not had a problem with them leaking and i 've been using these in my kids ' lunches for a couple years . do i double check them ? of course . the straws do get stretched out but even at that , i 've only bought replacement straws one time . and , for the record , they are bpa free , as stated on the rubbermaid website : http : www.rubbermaid.com category pages productdetail.aspx ? prod_id=rp091206 # bvqawidgetid 
they are a # 5 . 
total dimensions ( including cap ) are 4.5 x 3 x 2 inches . 
i am certainly not a waffle expert , but this seems to make waffles that are not as thick as belgian , but not thin ( like scandanavian waffles ) ; more like something in between . i use 2 3 cup of batter ( as suggested in the included recipe booklet ) and they are medium thickness . i imagine you could use less batter and make them thinner . they are not as thin as eggo frozen waffles . hope this helps . 
hello jayajit , the surface inside is non-stick , although i do n't know if it 's specifically teflon . the instructions are to spray the inside plates with an oil spray before cooking . the waffles release easily once cooked . hope this helps -- please let me know if you 'd any other information . anna 
very easy for the round model ... just brush crumbs out after cooling . the grid is designed with an 'escape route ' for extra batter , allowing some overflow , but cooking it so it stays with the waffle and comes out clean . ( i 've used a friend 's all clad 2 belgian waffle maker , which had an overflow cup . it was messier , but at least it was contained in one location . ) 
not at all . i love it . 
i looked through the owner 's manual and the wording is ; `` non stick coating '' . it does not define the non stick coating as teflon or not . probably will have to call the manufacturer ( 1-800-526-5377 ) to get the actual type of coating . we have had ours for a year and have no complaints , wonderful small appliance . just follow the cleaning instructions , no abrasives . we spray with pam and have no sticking or cleanup issues . use just a moist paper towel and dry with a terry cloth towel to clean following use . 
it has a non-stick coating on the plates 
no floating hinges . 
it is made in china . 
the dial controls the timer , but i think it would cook the waffles well for your needs to use the lower numbers . we make some waffles with almond flour and they like to cook longer . in fact i just left them in and reset the timer and they were fine . when we made waffles with pamela 's pancake mix . they do n't need long at all so they get less time . so far we have enjoyed this waffle iron a lot as it is very easy and forgiving . our last one scorched waffles at the lowest setting as well as welded them to the irons . we brushed a bit of coconut oil on this when first used it and have had no problem at all with sticking . i hope this helps and you enjoy your waffle iron as much as we have ours . i wish we had bought this years ago . 
hi jorge . i bought this from amazon , but it appears to be 110 v only . williams sonoma sells the same product , and in the specs says : '' this product is intended for use in the united states and canada and is built to united states electrical standards . '' sorry , but i hope this helps , mi amigo . ed 
i found through trial and error that barbecue sauce burns before the cooker gets up to pressure unless water or other liquid is added to it . i do n't know about other sauces , but i imagine the same would happen with something like jarred spaghetti sauce or any sauce that is thick . i like to cook bbq chicken in it , but i do n't like the watery results . so i add water to the pot and put the chicken and bbq sauce in a small steamer basket that i set on top of a trivet and cook it like that . 
it will fit but leave no room for veggies . 
no , but things brown beautifully on the browning setting in the crock pot . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it also automatically switches to `` warm '' after cooking . 
yes , it will automatically stay warm after your done cooking whether slow cooking or pressure cooking after set time as elapsed . hope this information helps . 
this unit does not work well as a pressure cooker . it is fine for a slow cooker but the seal is n't good enough for continued pressure cooking . 
i use the oxo good grips silicone steamer . it just fits into the 4 qt . cooker . 
you can get an extra pot and replacement parts at http : www.fagoramerica.com shop2 replacement_parts slow_cooker_express 
have not used for rice yet .. sorry . did make a great pasta and chicken dish . i want to try a dessert next ! 
nonstick material . fagor.com will specify for you . 
both . i just purchased this to help with my baking . gluten-free cakes , breads and rolls are very different , and many of the recipes really need weight measurements . i love the ease of using it with any measurement mode . it will be correct , and allows you to go back to zero , add the next dry ingredient to measure , without emptying the bowl each time . 
i have tried it with multiple different size plates and bowls and it works great . just put the container on the scale , hit the tare button and it zeroes the scale . then add your food and you will get the correct weight of the food . additionally , the bowl is of sufficient quality and size that it has become the bowl for which i reach most often . 
the accuracy of this scale is 1 g so it will automatically round off to the nearest gram . therefore it will not accurately measure recognize the difference between 1.8 and 2.2 g. if you need accuracy to + - 0.1 g you need a different scale . however for cooking purposes 1g accuracy is all you need . 
not that i 've found . all you do is push the button until you get the desired weight category . 
it will stay set for grams ... what ever weight measurment type you used when you turn it off will be teh one it starts up with . it also sets itself off if you do n't use.. good little unit . 
the scale is 8.5 inches x 4.25 inches . i 'm not sure how much the bowl carries , but it 's generous in size ! the top is 9.25 in diameter on top and the base is 3 '' wide . it makes a good mixing bowl . i love this scale and highly recommend it . 
i do n't think so . i noticed when i used this regularly without the bowl that if i put a box on it and could not see the weight , i had to somehow sneak or move quickly the box to see the weight as it disappears quickly . 
yes it does ... ... ... ... ... ..so if you walk away after a few minutes it will turn off 
2 min i think 
it comes with 3 aaa batteries . it is not rechargeable . i really do love this scale . i have been using scales for several years and this is the best one . good luck . 
mine is 5.25 '' . 
it does come `` finished '' which also means it has a finished sheen to it , but i do n't think it would be hard to cover with paint . if you primed it or ruffed it up first it would be paintable . 
60 '' at top , 54 '' at bottom edge 
top of shelf is 5 1 4 `` deep . 
probably , as long as you have a drill for the screws . 
the top is 48 inches wide and the bottom is 42 inches . i do n't see why that should make a difference over a 44 inch wide fireplace as it will look just fine . 
you are correct . the depth - defined as the distance from the wall to the leading edge - is 5.25 inches , and the height - from the bottom of the shelf to the top - is 3.25 inches . 
the shelf is partially hollow inside to accept the mounting system . 
300 threat count face , 210 threat count reverse . material : 100 % cotton sateen . filling : polyester . wayfair.com had that info . material is very soft and light . i will say the comforter does hide dog hair very nicely ( i have red tick hound dogs and walker hound dogs , both of which have short hair . ) . i do n't think it would get snags with normal use ( no dogs or cats for that matter ) , but if your dog nests or `` digs '' a spot for her him self , wo n't hold up . tears too easily . 
oh this is not light weight . we use it for fall winter spring but i change it out for summer . had luck at home goods for the lighter weight one . 
hello there is no other print on the top of the comforter ! what you see is on lower portion of the comforter are larger over sized paisley prints with small budding flowers on stems flowing across the center of comforter , basically there are no oversize paisleys on center of the comforter they are only around the outer portion of the comforter ... thank you , customer service designer living 
i would get a king if you like oversized ... i have found you can turn it for more or less hang on the side ... 
it is a comforter . 
no . i returned this item because it looked nothing like the photo . more of a washed out , greyish blue . definitely not what i wanted . 
i would say regular blue with a hint of grey . 
i 've been using it every day for 3 months and the battery just died . that seems fast to me ! 
yes it does weigh individually . i weighed 5 packets of stevia in the raw sugar to make sure and they measured 3g . 
there is no calibration option . 
it should last between 6 months and 1 year . 
two cr2032 batteries 
a quick check of the sticker on the bottom of the scale indicates that it is , in fact , made in china . 
i believe it is either the last buttoned pressed or last time an object was set on top of the unit . 
i have n't seen that it does . 
i have not had issues with scratching and i use it every day . 
up to 11 lbs . 
my door fits too tightly for me to be able to use the brackets , and i do n't have the brackets any more . but maybe this will help : it is 42 inches from the ironing surface to the center of the small holes that are in the vertical center of the horizontal pipe at the top of the frame . the brackets were supposed to fit into the holes . the brackets were about 4 or 5 inches long . so the number you want is approximately 46 or 47 inches . if someone can provide the exact length of the brackets , you can get a more exact number . 
mine arrived with 2 sets of door hangers . one for the average size door & another for a thicker door . if it 's too large you can always fit cardboard under it to make it fit . my only problem was there is no anchor for the bottom part & it bounces back and forth with a swinging door which i easily fixed with some paracord . 
i ended up buying one & sewing it to fit myself . 
yes 
as long as the dorm room has a closet with a door that opens and swings out . not sliding doors . it is a bit delicate but , it comes in very handy for some ironing . i like it and find it to be very helpful . it would have to be used only as an ironing board . it would not hold anything heavy . i hope you found this helpful . 
yes , that is exactly what we did . my husband mounted two small strips of wood to the wall ( because the board frame is not wide enough to reach two studs ) and mounted the board to those strips . works great . 
i am currently not at home where the board is but i am 5'3 '' and it is about at my waist . it is comfortable for me . 
of course , it will just be 1.5 feet higher than normal from the ground . 
i use it to iron my slacks without any problems . i love not having to put up my ironing board . phyl a . 
the bars on each side of ironing board is 16.5 inches . the bars that hook over the door is 9 '' 
yes , i brought two of those springs and the really worked . 
i was able to install replacement spring without any special tools . if i recall all i needed was some pliers . 
slide one side on to spring then use vise grips to clamp it down tight into place . the one that attach to the wooden part ot the chair remove old one use a small hammer and small nail to reattach it is not easy the spings r very tough u might use a zip tie to hold them in the right position good luck hope i was of some help . any questions please let me know 
amazon has that spring 
yes , buttons 
250tc 
the design is printed but it is not the same color shown in the picture . i was looking for blue and it is more of a sea green . good luck : o ) 
no there are two king shams and 1 duvet cover . 
no dust ruffle included . 
no . thus set includes one duvet cover and two king shams . 
solid blue . the pattern is center on the length with paisley at top and bottom and smaller pattern in middle . 
no . i have a regular sized king with the pillow top . duvet covers the mattress completely but no extra . i doubt this would cover a california king withou showing some sheet . 
it has buttons at the end where the comforter goes in , but no other ties . it does not slide much for me . i shake it out once a week and it resettles inside the duvet . 
no . my set came with 2 king sized shams . 
unknown where it is made however it is a good quality pan 
i have had mine for awhile , so no guarantees that the packaging is still the same , but mine came in a nice box , just as it would if you bought it at a department store . ( even loose in a shipping box i would be thrilled to get this as a gift ! i have been thinking about buying a second one . it 's great for preserving , but also for making stock , double batches of spaghetti sauce , boiling lots of potatoes for thanksgiving ... great value . ) 
the base of the pan is about 61 4 inches , a bit less than 61 2. the inside is rounded . it fits well on a large burner on an electric range . 
i do n't actually think a lid would work with it due to the pouring spout and helpful handle on the opposite side , as well as the brackets that hold on the looped handle . that being said , it is a wonderful vessel for cooking jelly . i 've made three batches so far , it heats evenly on my induction stovetop with its stainless steel flat bottom . cleanup is a breeze . its a very nice pan , especially for the price . 
8 inches to the top of the bowl 9.5 inches to the top of the handles 13 inches in diameter at the top 
yes ! i use mine on my induction cooktop exclusively . i 'm glad to have the opportunity to tell someone what a great product this is , especially considering the price . my husband used it yesterday and commented on the quality ; he was shocked ( in a good way ) when i told him what i 'd paid for it . he 's an engineer and very exacting about what he considers good quality . so it meets and exceeds my standards for cooking large quantities of food for canning , and it meets and exceeds his standards for quality and price . 
nope ! i ca n't really imagine cooking anything in it that would require one either . i use it to make jams and you generally do n't want to keep them covered . 
i do n't know . i did n't find it on the pan and i no longer have the box . sorry . 
the bottom is flat , no ridges . 
8 quarts according to the markings on the small picture 
here is contact info for cucinapro . cucinapro - 5180 richmond road - cleveland , ohio 44146 email : cucinapro @ cucinapro.com phone : 216.351.3002 facsimile : 216.342.4664 they may sell parts . good luck ! 
always wash by hand . i do n't take the risk for need of replacement . 
110 volt . 
china , much to my dismay . for weeks , searched online and in stores for a made in america , without success . had to settle for a foreign product . it works quite well , i just wish we could have found one from the usa . would have been willing to pay double for a comparable coffee machine . let me know if someone out there can find an american coffeemaker . 
no 
no 
they are glass . works great in our office . coffee is kept very hot . 
yes , that 's what i use . 
not that i know of . they have hot plates for the glass pots ! 
you ca n't . must find a close match and use a flat piece of metal as a shim for the right height . 
not plastic ; it is silicone [ food grade ] http : www.frcndigital.com coffee bonavitadripper drip3.jpg 
contact the manufacturer , they should replace it since it is defective . 
no problem keeping it clean . i rinse it out daily after coffee plus it is dishwasher safe so it gets a trip through that machine at least once a week . 
http : www.amazon.com dp b003o6a3dq ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl ? _encoding=utf8 & colid=34y9yajajznf5 & coliid=ighzf1zpff1pw 
it does n't say on the item itself . it may have said on the box but i threw that away . if it 's made in china it 's very high quality , i.e . no cheap stinky plastic . the top is porcelain and the bottom half with the valve is plastic . as far as i can tell the small amount of plastic does not impart any flavor to the coffee . i use mine every day at work with light roast coffee . 
the stopper is plastic with a silicone top that contacts the ceramic base where the hole is . 
the diameter is 4 inches , but i use a larger mug and just hold it over the mug to let the coffee drip - it only takes a few seconds . love it - it makes great coffee ! 
full extraction of a total immersion brewer is going to take about 4 minutes no matter the method . you will save time with this one due to the ease of cleaning with the paper filter . this also is a one cup brew method , unlike your french press which may brew more . 
i prefer the clever coffee dripper because 1 ) it works on the pressure principal to drain the coffee into the cup - no messing with a lever ) and 2 ) the bottom of the ccc fits over a larger mug ( i use a big mug ) which the bonavita does not . 
i use a thermos cup which supports the funnel well . 
product dimensions : 16.2 x 48 x 10.5 inches ; 51 pounds the description states , it was not made to support a tv . however , if it is sitting on a stand i presume it would be fine to hold a 50 '' screen , provided the stand itself is stable . i would not recommend that you place the tv on it , if wall mounted , as it was never designed to support that kind of weight . 
hello yes it does , inside in the back there is space for cables , i have in mine one xbox360 , wii , blue ray player , cable receptor and they hide very well . if what you want is to hide the cables that go outside to reach the tv , then no , it does not have something to hide those , you will need to get something on your own , i bought a nice decoration piece to put in front of those . 
i will say it holds only the 10 pounds 
hello , thank you for your interest in this south shore city life media console . the depth of the media console is 16.2 inches . for additional information , feel free to contact our customer service at 1-800-290-0465 or visit our website at www.southshore.ca : ) 
yes 
i would n't trust putting a tv on . i am surprised the thing does n't fall under its own weight . the mount is rather flimsy 
the description states : `` it features 4 open storage spaces including 2 adjustable shelves that can support up to 10 pounds and 2 lateral open spaces '' . i use the top on my shelve unit to display family pictures and have my tv wall mounted above them . i have my dvd player , audio receiver and cable dvr box inside on the shelves which probably take up all 10 lb capacity . if you absolutely need to set your set on top then you could consider putting a leg or brace in the center of the shelve unit to the floor for support . this of course defeats the idea of `` wall mount '' and you might as well get a cabinet . 
the four shelves will turn out equal sizes . the shelf height is about 4 inches . so if your receiver is really fat it might not fit inside the shelf . you might end up placing it on the top . 
it is black , the piece is mdf construction . 
what is the your wall constructed off ? i installed my unit onto a brick wall using wall-plugs and 1.5 inch screws . the unit holds an amp , a cable box , router , playstation and a home-theater unit - total probably about 30-40lbs . though the metal brace that is fixed to the wall seems secure enough , there is some pressure on the braces that are attached to the unit and causes it to angle slightly downwards . 
yes it will . but to be honest , you will get almost as much ground coffee outside of the container than in . for some weird-as-hell reason , the coffee ( no matter how coarse or finely ground ) spits out the back of the container and pools between the container and the machine housing . granted , we 're talking a 1 2-1 teaspoon each time -- but add that up over time , and you then realize just how much coffee is wasted . the static it creates is the problem . there is no such thing as 'anti static ' unless it 's glass -- this is plastic , and by the looks of things , will always be plastic . when you tap the lid to help release some of the grounds that have stuck to the underside of the lid back into the base before pouring them into your machine or whatever , instead of just falling into the remaining grounds , the errant grounds 'spit ' their fine dust out the cut-out of the container and fly wherever they feel they need to go . to say it 's messy is an understatement . to be honest , i 'd never buy another one of these products . 
yes . you can slide out the clear grind collection holder and rinse and air dry it . i generally just brush it out since it is in daily use . 
i set mine almost at coarse , as i use a drip coffeemaker , and it seems coarse enough . maybe contact the saeco company ? 
hi , the cord is approximately 18 '' . i really like this burr grinder and i bleive you will be happy with it too . 
110 watts 60 hz 
the model i purchased ca6804 47 is 120v only . 
compared to my 10 year old saeco grinder this one as essentially no static . the materials they have used for the container are apparently more conductive and the ground coffee stays in the container until you pour it out 
i 'd like to know also , mine is just acceptable at the largest setting . 
my unit is 4.5 '' wide at the back and 4.25 '' wide at the front on the bottom . front to back , it is 6.75 '' at the widest point on the bottom . both of the knobs project out 1 2 '' . the unit is 9 '' high . 
no , it is for the us voltage . 
the ground container usable part measures approx . 3.5 x 3.0 x 2.5 which holds approx . about 11 to 12 oz of ground coffee . i leave a 1 oz stainless steel measuring scoop in the container . the top container will take approx . a 1 4 lb of coffee beans . i have not tried it , but i think it will fill the ground container without putting more beans in . 
the bottom says made in china . 
it 's 110 . 
it 's an accessory to making a mess if you grind your coffee fine , but it no worse at this than others . 
the short answer is `` i do n't know '' . there is no recycle code on the bottom . the plastic is hard and has no odor whatsoever - it seems quite inert . 
the case appears to be brushed aluminum with plastic basket and hopper . i do n't know the motor speed but too fast will burn coffee and it does n't do that , i am very pleased with it 
the nightstand is 16 '' deep x 18 '' wide x 20 '' high ... 
no issues with drawers gliding but size of dresser were much smaller than expected 
width at top ( top wood piece ) - 17.75 '' ( w ) x 15.5 '' ( d ) measurements at bottom -17 '' ( w ) x 14.5 '' ( d ) measurements at bottom w drawer - 17 '' ( w ) x 15.375 '' ( d ) source - i have this nightstand next to my ikea bed ... perfect match ( color & size ) hope this helps . 
10sf 
mdf 
i think it 's particle board with a laminate veneer over it . 
20.5in or 52cm 
almost 4 ft 
do n't know the width but do know it 's not worth the money . the drawers wo n't stay on the rails so always falling down and impossible to pull out . it 's cheaply made ... .i do not recommend you buying til check ikea . 
i think so . we have a 32 '' and game systems on it . it would probably make the dresser look really small though . if you 're just looking for sturdy ness then i 'd say it will do fine . 
everything came in pieces you can change it all 
just measure mine , i believe its 15 and a half inches by 47 inches ( thats both width and length ) 
we use this for my daughter . we actually have the set . the drawers are not overly deep but they do hold plenty of infant clothing . adult jeans , t-shirts , underwear , or shorts would fit just fine . the side cabinet is also a good place with plenty of room for the essentials or any of the other items i mentioned . the one thing i would say is the drawers do not pull out very far . but again , for a child this set is wonderful . we have the other matching pieces . 
you might of installed the slider tabs upside down . this was the worst dresser purchase of my lifetime , fyi 
i do not have the cabinet here , it was a gift for my daughter , but she said its about 15-16 inches wide on the inside . 
the back is not black . it is a tan light brown color . 
for the headboard itself , it comes with the required hardware to assemble it . to attach it to your bed , you will need 4 bolts , nuts and washers ; they are not provided . 
no 
i believe you can . you will notice it does n't line up with the frame very well . no hardware is included either . 
hello kimberly ! thank you for your interest in this south shore libra full headboard . this product can be attached to a standard full metal bed frame , like the one mentioned in your question . for additional information , feel free to contact our customer service at 1-800-290-0465 or visit our website at www.southshore.ca : ) 
no . 
for a metal bed frame , we recommend you to go to your local hardware store becase it really depends which kind of metal bed frame it is . usually with the diameter of the headboard holes and those in the metal bed frame , anyone in a hardware store will be able to get you the right screws with the right bolts and washers . 
if headboard is secured to bed frame with with 4 heavy bolts , it can possibly hold in place . 
i am sure you could . 
the headboard can be set up to fit a platform bed or the standard american bed frame . i 'm not really sure what you mean by minimum height , but there is some wiggle room so you could drill screw holes where you need them to be . hope this helps . 
i would n't reccomend it , however i suppose you could paint it . in my opinion it would look tacky if you decided to do so but not hideous . 
not hard to turn at all . you might need to put in smaller chunks than with softer cheeses . i absolutely love this grater and it is very easy to clean ! 
a great kitchen item which works perfectly . i have never had the handle detach , very well made . 
my experience says it does so long as the cheese is cold right out of the fridge . if you let the cheese reach room temp , you will have a messier , less satisfactory result . i used mine just this morning on some extra sharp cheddar to add to brunch omlets . no problems , but the cheese was cold . 
have n't tried this with nuts , but tried it with cloves of garlic and it worked well . 
i have put this in the dishwasher with no problems . i have n't had it very long though , and i 'm not sure if it would dull the blades over the long term . 
it worked fine with me for mozzarella . i even used it to shred a cucumber . the maximum size piece you can shred is 2-3 inches wide and essentially limitless length . 
i have n't ever had any issues . nevertheless , to be sure , i just shredded sharp cheddar cheese with the fine attachment and had complete success . 
i had never thought of the grating drum grating the plastic pusher until you asked the question . so with nothing in the hopper and the pusher completely closed , the grating drum on mine rotates freely without grating any plastic . 
i use the smaller hole drum for parmesan cheese since parmesan is a hard cheese . 
i do n't think the hopper is big enough to handle more than small amount of shedding . if you are topping a salad it would work ok. more than that i would keep looking 
my son does n't really have anything to compare it to , unfortunately . he thought the `` egg crate '' side conformed to his body very well , and he did n't get overheated on this topper at all . he has been happy with it . 
not in a hide a bed but we purchased it for our rv and it fit perfectly and it is very comfortable in a flat bed . because of the thickness it may not work in a hide a bed that requires the bed to fold . 
60 inches in width x 76 inches in length 
no it does not-but it works well in our rv but you do have to air it out for a few days before putting it in - 
dear customer shipping take around 10days `` it ship from china 
no not at all this product screws on tightly and created quite the talk at school . i highly recommend this product ! well worth the money and is fun to have around . 
16 oz . 
this product is fulfilled by amazon . this means that your order ships from amazon 's warehouse instead of from us . therefore as the seller we are not in charge of the shipping method , nor are we informed of any problem during shipping . you may request a refund if you still have not received it by this weekend . 
nikon . twice on the 'lens ' , once on the cap . 
there are no moving parts other than the lid and bottom cap . the branding is as pictured : 'nikon ' and does not say 'nican ' . 
the cup sucks . do n't buy it . 
normally it will take 10-20 days to arrive . you may receive it around december 10-20 . 
yes it does come with a bag 
there is only one generation of the 24-70 . 
yes , you take off the `` lens cap '' to drink out of it . 
id say about 12-14 oz . 
put it in there once but silver paint started coming off so i 'm gon na say not a good idea . 
it depends on where you have it . inside the house it is difficult . i have mine in thr garage , so i use a hose with water to wash it . 
i have no idea ? ? 
mine also says 110 v on the side . if it truly is rated for 220 v then all you would really need is a 110-220 v converter . that is how i powered up my laptop when i went to israel last year . however , i would suggest going through the manual and see if it says anything . are you using it in the u.s. ? if so , you should have access to a 110v outlet ... 
i 've ised it twice and it 's done great . only issue is that sometimes the peel of the orange does n't fall into the trash can on the side . small issue , still a great machine though ! 
partially , not all of it . must of it goes . the seeds stays on the grid . 
you have to get in contact with the seller directly . 
it really does n't like lemons or limes . they seem to be too hard and the machine struggles . it works great for oranges only really 
this could literally produce over 2 gallons a minute . ... it 's an amazing piece of machinery ... .if you are serious about orange juice . ... do n't think twice ... .i 've had it for over a year and it works perfectly . 
juicing oranges , lemons , etc 
no idea , but if you figure it out let us know ! 
i 've only had it for a few months , but so far it has not leaked at all . 
the push button on the front can be used to regulate the amount of liquid dispensed . if you do n't push it in as far as it will go , you will get less soap . not a very hi-tech solution , but it works . good luck . 
while i have not actually tried using hand sanitizer , i ca n't imagine that it would n't work . i think that nearly any liquid would work . 
it came with both adhesive and wall mount materials . the wall mount material is a wall plate and two screws . once you attache that to the wall the soap dispenser just slides onto it . it 's pretty secure ; we 've had no issues . 
this soap dispenser slides vertically onto a bracket , so unless the bracket is poorly mounted , it will not fall off . we have one of these at home and three at our office . they are great . i would highly recommend . 
hi , deana . the height of the dispenser is 5 5 8 '' . the width is 4 1 4 '' the depth is 3 1 2 '' i hope this helps . if you have other questions , feel free to ask . chuck 
i 'm sure that if you have trouble with your grip , bumping the `` press '' button to release the soap is very easy . i 'm not sure about the ada compliance . 
i have one in the kitchen and one in my bathroom to hold the hand soap and dish soap ... i love the dispenser for the soaps . i do n't think you want to put bleach in them , they are plastic and i fear the bleach will leak . 
i suppose you could fill it with mouthwash . i do n't think the mouthwash would stay pure because it 's not air tight . there could be a reaction from the mouthwash sitting in the plastic container as well . it would squirt into a glass ok , still , do n't think i would use it for that . they are easy to use with liquid soap and do not leak . 
yes 
yes , my son has a full ( double ) bed and we bought this for him . it fits just fine . it 's definitely long enough from head to foot , but we bought a rather thick mattress with a pillowtop on it so the sides hang down about to the bottom of the mattress where it meets the box spring . just mentioning that in case you were looking to have it hang lower than that . he loves it . it 's warm and soft and washes very well . the cat seems to enjoy it too since he has been taking his mid-afternoon naps on it every day . 
this is only the comforter , no shames or sheets with it and need to be bought separate . 
i just bought the comforter and it does fit our sons queen bed . the sheets i do n't know . 
yes , the outer cover is very soft and has a zipper . the pillow itself is in a semi sheer white case and you can see the color of the stuffing inside it . 
i think you are only supposed to wash the case . 
one very comfortable pillow . 
it is about 4 '' but this is more like a feather pillow , it does not hold the shape . 
i gave this as a gift . asked the recipient and they said it was slightly larger than a standard pillow . sorry i ca n't be of more help . 
21 inches x 15 inches . 
yes they are , i bought both , high profile for me and low profile for hubby . 
it is small chucks of memory gel foam , packed inside a case . the pillow i have feels like a memory foam pillow , but is looser than the single piece foam pillows . it 's not too cool for me , perhaps the shredded filling allows better air circulation ? before i bought another pillow , though , i would probably buy an inner zipper case and cut the existing foam into small pieces , and stuff those in the zipper case . make your own shredded memory foam pillow . 
i use a standard pillow case . i think that a king or queen size may be a bit too big . 
i 'm not sure i 'm a side sleeper , so this pillow was way too low for me . 
the high profile one really is n't that high . however , i have not seen the low profile version so i can not compare it . either way , i would use it with an additional pillow underneath . if you want a lot of neck support , buy the high profile and . for less support , try buying the high profile one and sleep on that ( it really is n't that high ) . at least , that 's my opinion . i need a separate pillow either on top or underneath the high profile one , but my girlfriend sleeps just fine on that alone . so , unless you like to sleep on a really slim pillow , try the high profile . 
the pillow i received is only about two inches thick . the pillow is very comfortable but i do wish it was thicker . not sure what you mean by high or low profile . the was not option when i ordered . 
the attached corer blade creates a spiral cut as it cores and peels the apple . you can then make one or more cuts on the spiral cut apple to produce small chopped pieces . great for dehydrating ! 
it is not heavy , but it is made of sturdy metal . it seems a standard size , i have used it with very large and small apples successfully . i am pleased with it , it does the job . 
no you ca n't peel and core without slicing . this is because the core blade and the slicing blade are the same blade . the inside of the end blade does the coring . while it is coring , the outside of the blade does the slicing . 
there is no filter on this machine . but works great for light to moderate cleaning . had to have belt replaced one time since purchasing 
if you mean thickness of carpet - yes - there is a blue dial on the front that adjusts to different thicknesses . 
yes 
3 bags per package . they are small and fill up quickly 
i am not sure where i purchased the bags for this sweeper but they worked fine for me . the bags are the arm and hammer odor eliminator . i have a chocolate lab and thiis vacuum picks up all her hair better than any vacuum i 've had 
because it 's not really a good vacuum cleaner . it will serve the purpose , barely , if you 're on a budget , but do n't expect great performance . i put mine in a yard sale . 
10 
one . 
brown 
basically a cover . 
i am wondering the same thing . reverse side should be shown . 
it is a one piece screw on lid with holes in the top 
no ... they only fit standard sized mason jar openings . 
yes , it does ! 
they fit all small mouth mason jars ! 
my husband is a chemist . he said tin . not pewter . 
yes ... all regular jars . not wide-mouth . 
yes , the flower pattern is all holes 
no , these are for regular mouth jars . 
according to this press release , it is : http : consumerinfo.zerowater.com tag bpa-free 
it holds 28 ounces of water . 
it should as the meter reads 000 and fluoride is an inorganic compound . zero water is designed to remove inorganic compounds so when the water reads 000 there should n't be any fluoride . 
it could n't be . i have a pitcher and this cup is about the same size as the filter for the pitcher . also , they sell specific filters for this cup . 
i am sure it does ... but depending where u are , te water has a high calcium content meaning the filter will not last long . mine lasted for not even a mth with little usage in the virgin islands with a high salt water content . good luck as i eared to send mine back , ,.but it was too much of a hassle so i just use the cup in the fridge for water on the go and filter is history as too expensive to continue to replace . 
only amazon , so far . looking for better price option , though . 
unsure about the filtering of bpa , but i would n't want to carry this around with me unless i knew the water was undrinkable . this is a very heavy water filter bottle . 
the bottle that i have has a straw . it tucks neatly away when you twist the cap . hope this helps . 
it 's already installed 
its gon na depend on how bad the water is that your putting in it to be filtered . i bought one , and i wish i hadnt . it leakes , and does n't hold very much water . i 'm constantly refilling it . 
do n't know about raspberries , but it works great for blackberries . 
it appears to be welded in four spots . i ran about a bushel of cooked pears and 6 gallons of cooked grapes thru and did not have any issue . i am comfortable saying that this is a good tool and should work fine for small prep projects , however i am not sure how it would work out for daily use . i can also safely say that the cleanup was fast and easy . washing it down and running it thru the dishwasher it looks great . i was surprised at size it was a little small but over all i would buy again . i had big questions about the three sizes of shifters screens but they really worked out well . 
on the box , it clearly says , `` made in china '' . 
there was enough info to put it together for its purpose . 
there are 3 sizes . large , medium and small . i have used all 3. i made tomato paste and the small is a fine grind . i liked it . 
no , it does not . i pause occasionally and remove it manually . this way , i am able to discard the pulp , not have it enter the final product . 
no was made in china . 
i just read a review by some other customer about this product different brand `` compact table top grinder -110volts 2 ltrs '' . she has already bought and tried it for producing nut butter . i have copy pasted her question comment . since she has already bought it , you can probably ask her user experience . normally , in my country we use this primarily for grinding soaked rice , lentils , beans and black gram etc . i bought this item to make nut butter for my raw food restaurant where we make our own almond butter . the most efficient way i have found to do this is to first process the nuts in a cuisanart until they are pretty fine , then add them to the stone grinder . we add almond oil for a smooth consistency . if you leave the top of and help it along with a spatula for the first five minutes and then let it go for another five . another review said you should n't let it run for more than a half hour because the motor is n't that strong and it usually takes less than ten minutes to make about 4 cups of ... jennifer s. answered on october 10 , 2013 
cleaning the stone portion under running water should be sufficient . 
gandhi appliances 
yes , it can . but i used to grind soaked rice and dal . so i guess it can grind coco also . it works good bought a year back . 
i bought this to grind wet corn treated with all , and made my own masa dough . it was perfect . i have a magic mill as wellmas kitchenaid grain mill attachment for dry grain grinding . 
with rice 4 cups and urad dal 1 cup we can grind in 2 litr ultra grint its better 2 litr as per ur requirements 
no 
ultra grinder is not nsf certified . contact inno concepts . they may have a grinder with documentation that might help you to present to your food inspector . 
not with this model . however , the new model you will be able to add ingredients while grinding . http : www.amazon.com elgi-ultra-perfect-2-0-liter-110-volt dp b00hjln1mm ref=sr_1_12 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1399570327 & sr=8-12 & keywords=ultra+2+liter 
standard 
no , the pillow case fits a standard size pillow . 
hello ! it usually takes 7-15 business days to ship to the u.s. from china by usps , while it ups to the express especially during christmas holiday . 
yeah , we could , thanks 
iit 's like a version of a fleece . there is no tag to specify the exact fabric type . 
yes , fits the size of a normal twin pillow 
i have a standard pillow in it and there is limited room . 
should be fine ! 
http : answers.walmart.com answers 1336 product 12338217 questions.htm ? sort=recenta this is what i got when i searched it . unfortunately i dont have the instructions anymore . maybe try contacting the seller ? hope the link helped 
yes it could be . i plan on my granddaughter using it into her teens . it says it will hold up to 250 lbs . 
go the following link which has instructions for eight different pieces of rack furniture . this particular bed is model # 4000. the instructions were most definitely not in our box either and from all the online message boards , this appears to be the norm now instead of the exception . thank goodness for this online archive website ! http : web.archive.org web * http : www.rackfurniturellc.com app download * 
82 1 2 inches wide with desk fully pulled out . the desk itself is 36 1 2 inches wide ( including the little pull out handle ) . note that the desk does not just pull out , but is completely independent on 4 caster wheels ( 2 of which lock ) . also note that unless the bed is placed in the room such that the desk pulls out into the center of the room this feature is a waste . if the end of the bed with the desk is against the wall , you might as well just have a normal bed with a normal desk there . note the desk has no storeage , so must be cleared after each use ( ie homework session ) to be slid back under bed . my daughter really likes her new loft bed . 
i bought2 beds for my twins . one had enough room , the other did not . they are bigger than i expected , hold quite a bit . 
yes . i bought 2 for my twin preteens . pretty roomy drawers & full length width twin bed . 
no it can not 
no , everything is predrilled the way you see it 
yes . it can be configured for either side . 
it 's definitely turquoise . trust the picture shown ! 
your assumption is correct ... .. 31 lb . would include the two smaller ones inside . we like it . 
the large ottoman is 17 inches tall . the two little ones are 14 inches tall . none have trays . 
overall size is 34.5 '' w x 17.75 '' d x 17.25 '' h 14 x 14 x 14 is the size of the cube inside 
tented . 
yes ... ..the dimensions are as you stated and the large one is 34 1 217 1 2 17 1 2 in.tall ... ... you will like it . hope this helps you ! ! ! ! 
there 's a little half inch foot on each corner . i 'm thinking it could be replaced with something a bit taller and handle the stress . i 'm no carpenter , but i 'd give it a go ! 
no you ca n't 
i guess you could-the underside of the lids are hard , but it 's definitely not designed for that . 
i 'm not sure of the weight capacity . they 're nice , though . 
i believe it 's a polyester fill & it 's very full and soft . i just love this throw pillow . it 's adorable ! ***** 
its just a pillow , no music 
both sides have gray , picture is accurate in terms of color . 
no . its spot clean only 
no zipper . 
maybe if you use a pretreatment like scotch guard i would n't let it get wet but if it 's under a covered area then maybe and it might fade but it would look very vintage faded . but i do n't think it 's made for outdoors . but i think if your cautious could be used . 
i love this steamer ! ! inside measurements of the insert : 3 3 4 in . deep and 7 3 4 in . wide . i just put 2 # of carrot coins into it for my easter dinner . it could hold another pound , i 'm sure . i always use 1 pound bags of frozen vegetables and they fits with no problem . 
probably not . the holes are too big . 
hi shirley , the steamer insert measures 7 3 4 '' outside diameter and 3 3 4 '' deep . i think it would be a very tight fit if your pot is exactly 7 3 4 '' too . this would also only leave room for an inch of water under your steamer . 
not sure of the thicknesss but it feels very thin . the bottom of the pan is pitted after minimal use . i would not buy again . 
i do not know where the pots were made but i am very happy with them and i use them most days . 
yes , it does ! 
i 'm not sure . i never tried it . but it 's a great steamer 
this is a generous twin size . twp people have slept on it since we bought it and both found it comfortable . 
actually no . it came just with a box . i now cover it with my old bed sheet . btw , the matress is not a soft style . it feels hard than most of the typical matresses you can find in us . however , my mum love this style . that 's the reason i bought it . hope i answer your question . happy new year~~ 
thanks for your question ! the dimensions of the frame are 80 '' l x 38 '' w x 15 '' h. the mattress measures 38 '' w x 71 '' l. i hope this helps ! 
hi , thanks for your question . the dimensions of the frame are 80 '' l x 38 '' w x 15 '' h and dimensions of the mattress are 38 '' w x 71 '' l. for future reference , this information can be found in the product description section of the product page . i hope this helps ! 
great bed . very comfortable . basically a twin size . i use it in a vacation rental and have only had good comments about it . 
i use them to dry hop home brewed beer and it does an excellent job of preventing the ground hops from seeping into my brew . i think it will work well for you . 
length is 10.5 inches , elastic top edge ( stretched ) is 11.5 inches , ( un-stretched ) is 7 inches , the oval bottom stitched edge is approximately 6 inches . it is not as large as i assumed it would be , but should fit around a gallon paint bucket . hope this info is useful . 
yes , i would say so . i used it for draining cauliflower to make a pizza crust and it did the trick . 
i 've used my first one 6-8 times already for straining nut and soy milks . have n't used for paint . 
i use them to strain my jelly ! ! sorry for the error before . 
this will work in new york city with the acupwr step up power supply . 
no , you can not use it in usa and no adaptor included for us . in package there are several adaptors for different configuration of outlets in different counties . but the kettle made to use 220w , while in the usa we use 110w.of couse you may buy an expensive power adaptor ( to convert 220w into 110w ) and still use it in the us . but it is not worse of it , i belive . unfortunately they discontinue to make braun kettles for us canada . i wish they will start to make this best kettle ever for us soon . 
no for overseas use only 
no this is for overseas use only it will work in usa if you have 220v line in your home normally we have for ac & dryer in home in usa . 
our still design is neither a pot or a reflux . it 's a hybrid `` column '' or `` fractioning '' still . reflux stills are very effective at making rubbing alcohol , fuel alcohol , and other types of flavorless alcohol , but can be overkill for making more flavorful products such as traditional whiskies . they also generally do not include copper parts , and thus the final product does not benefit from the removal of sulfides , making it less drinkable than whiskey distilled with a pot still . pot stills allow for more flavor to transfer from mash ingredients into the final product , where the subtleties of these flavors increase the complexity and overall character of the whiskey , but they are less time and energy efficient than reflux stills . clawhammer 's design borrows the best features from pot still and reflux column designs - using a pure copper boiler , an all copper fractioning column without the reflux coil , and a simple and efficient in-line condenser . these elements allow for greater efficiency than a standard pot still provides and more flavor retention than reflux stills provide . essentially , it distills whiskey quickly and efficiently without compromising the character of the final product . 
something to catch the condensed steam you will make ... for your purified water , or ttb-approved other products . : - ) i 'd also add a set of gloves in case you need to adjust position of the unit during use , and a cold beer while you watch it work . 
55 1 2 inches . 
the vapor cone , cap skirt , bottom , collar , and body is 16oz copper ( .022 '' thick ) . the cap plate which supports the column ( column is made with standard copper pipe and sweat fittings ) is 36oz copper ( .049 '' thick ) . assembly was fun as the precut pieces fell together nicely . however i wish the opening at the top was designed larger to allow for easier access to clean . i would recommend sweating on a ball valve or using a solderless bulk fitting to allow for easy draining . if you have any other questions , feel free to ask . thank you , joe thank you , joe 
it is illegal to make alcohol . unless you have approval from your masters . ( government ) 
nope 
you will end up with about 80 85 % of your starting volume be it 1 gal . 5 gal . or 10. just know the more gallons you start with the the longer it will take to get to temp my 1st try at 10 gal . on hot plate took 3 hrs to get to temp 
you can expect anywhere from a gallon to a gallon and a quart of drinkable spirits , after making your cuts . 
you can find all the information on our video page . http : www.clawhammersupply.com pages moonshine-videos kyle 
yes 
michou , the dimensions are described like this : 13 '' 33cm - extra large designed for 11.5 '' 29cm bowls hope this helps ! 
i use the banana leaf in the oven all the time . it is fine . it does indicate oven safe on the label . 
my largest one measures about 11 and 1 2 inches . so would not work for a 12 inch pan 
i use it as a lid on a pot on the stove . i do n't know if it would burn or melt if you put it on an element . 
pretty close . try cutting a 13 '' circle of paper and putting it over the square pan . that 's how much coverage you 'll have . 
yes . made from silicone . however , do not expose to direct flame . 
i have one plastic bowl . tried it and it worked . 
the extra large is 13 inches . 
i gave it as a gift so i do n't know the measurements but it was large . this is a guess but it would cover a mixing bowl . i do n't want to mislead you 
i would estimate 12 '' by 12 '' by 6 '' . 
place cut up vegetables in steamer basket and place over a saucepan of boiling water . cover tightly and let vegetables cook until fork tender . the time this will take depends on the size of the vegetable pieces and how many vegetables are in the steamer . usually takes no longer than 10 minutes for average amount . when finished , drain and serve with a flavored vinegar or your favorite dressing . 
on the packaging , it is not marked exactly where it 's made , however , you can contact charles viancin usa . tel is ( 614 ) 221-1691 ( columbus , ohio ) and email sales @ charlesviancin.com . 
not sure of the question , but the liquid line and gas line are two different posts match liquid to liquid and gas to gas it will fit fine 
i can not answer for what size they are , but you should be able to find them on amazon by searching `` ball lock o-ring '' . they 're cheap , so buy extras ... you 'll need them ! 
you should be able to find the ball lock ( female ) connectors on amazon . you will need a set . 1 black one for the beer side and 1 gray one for the co2 . you will want to check your hose inside diameter ( id ) because the hose barbs on the ball lock connectors come in a couple different sizes . if you can not find them on amazon . i buy all my brew supplies from austin home brew supplies and i know they have them . 
if the low profile sanke d tap has male threads for both out and in connections then it will fit , just be careful some of those taps have fixed barb outs that arent adaptable.. 
no . what you see is what you get . these will thread onto your existing sankey adaptor and allow you to use a ball lock connector . beats having to break out the tools every time you want to switch from some home brew to a commercial beer . 
i 'm not sure if they are 304 or not . they are standard stainless ball lock post that are machined down a bit to fit the nut . 
yes , very easily in fact . just look for the flat groove at the base of the fitting just above the threaded part ; that is the gas port . 
i did n't . but it may depend on the shoes material . the ones i 've stretched have been leather or synthetic . i 'd try stretching w o spray and see how it works first . 
if you are asking if they meet a certain dress code for your place of employment , you will need to ask your supervisor . they do have a slight pointy toe to them , kind of a cross between pointy and round , so looks good to fit either style . 
no . it only stretches the width . 
i do n't think this is the best product to stretch flat shoes . the shape of this shoe stretcher is ideal for high heels . 
yes , for the toe box part of the shoe . 
8 for wide . 8.5 length n wide , double end stretcher . in 6 inch heel i ware 9. i wish i had order a larger stretcher . however the size that i have works . it just takes longer to stretch to where i need shoe fit to be . i just need to wide dyly . as in screw a little wider . i adjust dyly . i do this for 7 to 10 days . the adjustable buttons startch shoe in right area 's , to accommodated bunion corn crul u toes . i use button to widen and to stretch top . top located at opening of mouth . i also use pray boot stretcher with foot fitter . they work great together . boot spay can be used on shoes not just boots . i have worked on 2 shoes for month . my toes roll under . when i put on shoes my rolled toes roll futher under foot pad . the foot fitter is stretching thse shoe to where my toes are not bunch up tight . 4 more pair shoe to go . ea pair streched is money saved . 
no 
i dont think so because i am not sure how you could wind it inside the boot . i guess it would depend how deep the boot is 
no 
yes , it opens from both sides . i just now double-checked to be sure . 
i would buy women size 7.5 , since the goal is to widen the shoes , just need to make sure that the stretcher would fit in your existing shoes . the `` large '' show stretcher may be too big to fit inside your 7.5 shoes . hope this help . 
best for heles but can be used for the front of the flat shoe too not for the sides as much 
it widens out at least one letter width . especially when you use the attachments on either side . you have to be careful not to twist the handle too far because it can dig into the footbed of the shoe . 
the `` large '' size used to be specified for size 11 but now has come back into stock with 10.5 as the stated maximum size . only the manufacturer would be able to say whether the device has changed . threads have stripped on two units now after about 20 shoes stretched each - & gt ; limited life : - ( 
yes . mine is stretching a pair of steve madden cloth pumps atm . ( nala leopard ) 
hi mimi , it looks as if the size 8 shoe stretcher is the largest available , it is the one i ordered and it has been wonderful . 
it comes in one set , left foot and a right foot , so for one pair of shoes . this stretcher is only meant for high heal type shoes as well , no flat shoe . 
sure . as long as it has a bit of an arch . 
extremely wide , wider than you will ever need . it only seperates at the toe area though , not the whole shoe . 
the outside of your shoe is leather , but is the lining leather or vinyl . if the lining is vinyl it may have gone back to original shape . are you using a stretching spray , which is probably mostly alcohol . try again , with a spray , leave in a bit longer . some other consumers say 5 days . my shoes are all itslian leather lined , sorry , they stay stretched . i count the number of twists i do on a shoe . if you have to repeat process , give another twist or so . good luck . 
consumer reports rated it best stick for pet hair . 
there are no attachments . it only comes with the tray into which to plug the charger . this does not take the place of a full vacuum cleaner but is meant as a quick and easy cleaner . it is also good on picking up dog hair . i use it in between cleanings . 
i have tile and hardwood and some area rug i used to sweep with the broom daily until i bought this vacuum absolutely love have 4 dogs 2 kids use it daily 
it has a separate charger . the plug goes into a cradle type thing on the floor which charges it , similar to a cordless phone . i keep mine plugged in in a closet and just place it in the cradle until the light tells me it 's charged . 
i 've had mine for over a year . i just keep it on the charging base , use it , and put it back . i have never drained the battery , and i 've noticed no drop in battery life with it being on the charging base 24 7 . 
works great , stays charged for several days ... .i also have wood laminate flooring and it 's safe , i got it just for my wood laminate floors which are dark and show dust ! works very well , love mine ! 
the battery pack says it 's a 10 . 8 volt 
yes , very well . 
good question ! since my litter box was not far away , i thought i would check . yes it does ! although i noticed in an area that had a heavier amount , the shark kicked some back towards my feet but was soon vacuumed up . i also noticed that it did a great job along the edge of the molding . 
i have one and it needs another back up battery if you want to use it longer than the regular twenty minutes it seems to last in one vacuuming use . it just shuts off at a certain point . i know it says it needs only 4 hours to charge , but when you read the instructions it says 4-7 hours . it took a full 7 hours for ours to charge . i am taking this vacuum back this friday on my day off from work . it also does not come with a hose or attachments . so the dust will most likely pile up and be very visible along the floor next to the wall and in the corners unless you buy a separate little device like a dust buster . then where 's the point in buying this little vacuum when additional money needs to be spent . like i said an additional battery needs to be purchased which is what jc penny would have rather me do then have me return it , except they only told me about the need for an additional battery when i called to see if it can be returned . the type of battery it runs on as mentioned is a nickel metal hydride battery . they do give information on how to empty the container when it is full after vacuuming . emptying it is very easy compared to my old hoover vacuum . that 's not enough for me though . i have read similar complaints about the run time of this vacuum online as well , but unfortunately i did not look those up until after i bought the machine . 
the size of the julienned strips is good for citrus , but too small thin for zucchini noodles , in my opinion . i would go with a spiralizer for zucchini like this one at williams sonoma . http : www.williams-sonoma.com products paderno-sprializer 
very good 
i 'm not sure about pineapple , but flesh , yes . took a layer of my index finger off , lol . i have used it on ginger and horseradish though and does a amazing job . 
search youtube for titan peeler and there is a video which shows how . 
it is used more in conjunction with the peeler to slice block cheese like butter . 
my mattress is 13 '' and there is quite a lot of room left but i think 18 '' might be too much to try to cover . i would guess 16 '' might be the limit . 
i have not had this problem . i have not done anything special to wash them , although my washer does have a `` sheets '' cycle . however , i have not had them for very long . 
they ought to . i love the very deep and stretchable pockets in my sets of these sheets ! 
yes 
not very well . one of the elastic holders broke after two washings . do n't waste your money . 
i 've only had them for a couple of weeks so i ca n't say about longevity . they seem durable . i ordered another set of sheets at the same time that were a different brand and they were soooo thin ... i could see thru them . 
two king pillow cases , one fitted sheet , and one flat sheet . a regular sheet set . 
these are made in china . 
yes , very deep . we have a pillow top twin and it is not tight at all . also , it has an elastic at each corner to help keep the fitted sheet on . 
i 'm not aware , because i have had sheets with a very high count that were so wrinkled every time i washed them . thus , to me that was n't a factor ; not impressed with thread count anymore , and i 'm older and have had many sheets . 
i 've had these sheets for a good six months and no pilling . these are really great sheets and hold up very well . 
yes , if not more . 
laying flat , measured with a tape measure : 29.75 '' long -- 21.25 '' wide 
i think it 's a microfiber 
if you mean is the contour sheet large enough to fully cover the mattress , it is . we have a very new sleep number bed that is 4 inches higher than a standard mattress and the sheet stays tucked in . 
hello moe , i bought and king and queen set . the fit is perfect for these beds . i have no complaints with these sheets..k 
yup ! but i have to warn you , it 's not a super snug fit on the mattress . i actually like this b c it makes changing the sheets easier but thought you should know . 
it seems to be pretty deep , goes all the way around our 14 '' mattress 
we have n't tried to bleach ours . i 'm sorry we ca n't answer this for you . 
i did . they shrunk a little bit . not sure if the color bleeds . the set i purchased was white . 
machine wash cold , tumble dry normal low heat , no dry cleaning , no ironing , no bleach . 
i bought the camouflage ones for my son but they 're pretty deep about 12 inches 
china , according to the tag on mine . 
no they are more satiny and soft . no pills yet ! 
these sheets are amazing . the softest i have ever slept on ! they will easily fit a 15 '' mattress ! 
flat , fitted , and two pillow cases . 
i would think so . we have a queen-sized deluxe air bed with a memory foam pad on top , and our queen sized sheets fit very well . and there was no shrinkage when we washed them . 
i just found out they will ... .deep pocket sheets for oversized mattresses . the pockets are 14 '' deep and will fit up to a 16 '' mattress . - see more at : http : amadoragiftoflove.com shop products-page bed-sheets amadora-bed-sheets-king-size # sthash.ce2sl3wl.dpuf 
i do n't think so . here are the diminsions : 11 inches x 45 inches x 95 inches 
i ordered the twin does n't have seam 
the queen set came with 2. i imagine the king set will come with 2 as well . 
there 's a listing for the gray chevron pillowcases , queen size , set of two . the listing shows as `` amadora queen white ultra microfiber pillowcase set , '' but there are alternate color choices and one of them is the gray chevron pattern . 
i would have to answer `` in the middle '' . i ordered a full and it stretches enough to fit over all the corners perfectly . great set ! 
i do n't have any trouble with mine wrinkling 
china 
i do n't know but my mattress is pretty deep and it fits fine . if you want me to measure mine , i will , just let me know 
yes it will ! 
yes , barely though 
according to the tag on the sheets they are made in china . 
i ordered a king size and my pillow cases were king so im sure if you order queen your pillowcases will be queen 
it has elastic all the way around , but it 's some of the weakest elastic i 've ever seen and does not hold the fitted sheet in place . instead of being tight on my very deep mattress , the fitted sheet is loose and moves around . sadly , i will probably throw these sheets away . 
they are not cotton . they are synthetic microfiber . they are really nice , wash up well . i was nicely surprised at the softness , reminds me of silk but not as slick . only downside is i have a deep mattress with 2 in . topper and the fit is n't quite right . i could n't find the tag that was in them . i like high quality cotton best , but for the price you cant beat these . 
the pockets are 12 '' deep so should fit . 
no . 
everyone that has a tempur bed has said they love them . they are 16 '' deep . 
yes . we have a tempurpedic and they fit it . the extra elastic piece ( white string like for extra support in the corners ) is tough to get around it . we ended up ripping it on accident , but it does n't really need them for proper coverage . 
king size but needed half of the hem stitched down 
sorry , we have a queen size . 
i am not certain but i think it 's microfiber . it 's excellent 
i bought a queen size but i did n't realize it was oversize . i have a normal boxspring . it is too big but it does work , it 's just a bit wrinkled and not tight . it does n't come off though so it does work fine . 
according to wikipedia , 60 x 80 is a queen size . 76 x 80 is king size . 
they are sized according to king and queen . do n't know the demensions 
yes , it will . 
it 's around the whole sheet . 
customers prefer amadora ultra microfiber bedding bed sheets over 800 thread count egyptian cotton ! 
my mattress is 7 `` deep so i am not sure i could give you a decent answer . we have a temperpedic . 
yes , mine do . 
i have a pretty standard queen mattress it 's about 10 '' deep , no pillow top , and they fit with decent overage all around . it would be a guess as to an 18 '' but it would n't surprise me if they did . sorry ca n't be of more help . 
well it fits our standard full mattress with a 2 inch foam pad on top and seems to have quite a bit of slack left if the mattress was deeper . 
i purchased a queen set , which included 1 flat ( top ) sheet , 1 fitted ( bottom ) sheet , and 2 pillowcases . 
4 aa 
i do n't know the answer . but i would think it is cheaper to replace the whole unit . the product is pretty well made . i think you would have to abuse it to wear it out . 
i do n't have a small funnel so i used a small spoon . not the easiest to fill . funnel not a bad idea . 
hello gaby , yes as far as i can tell . i did n't see that they were labeled differently so either yes or i got lucky picking the correct one . : ) 
this is very simple to open . you twist open where the arrows are for your batteries and then the battery holder just pulls out of the little holes that you line up . just pull up , it comes right off ! just hold the bottom and pull gently on the black part . 
yes . the adjustment is on the bottom . 
this is an easy to use , one handed salt pepper mill . perfect for cooking or topping off your food . this mill also features a blue led light which helps you see how much product is pouring out , which is very convenient . 
i am sure it 's made in china as everything in this world seems to be , haha . this is a very high quality item seeming to be more like a german made product . i have been using them daily since christmas and i am still very much in love with them as i 'm sure you 'll enjoy them as well . 
i have n't experienced that issue . the only thing i can think of is that perhaps the batterie are running low and therefore it is not grinding at full power ? 
maybe they are from different suppliers . 
this photo is very accurate for the color . i hope you like it , i absolutely love my quilt & shams . since making this purchase i have ordered another quilt & shams , area rugs and many accessories for throughout my home . the quality of everything from olivia 's is superb . they have their own website and will send you a free catalog . it 's the best catalog i have ever seen . you need to see all of the items they have available . btw , the quilt is very warm . 
standard 
hi , 100x90 thanks ! 
hi there , the king quilt is 100x90 thanks ! 
i guess i am not sure what `` specific '' bedskirt would go with that one . but i am sure you could find one to match . the quilt is absolutely beautiful ! 
thanks for your question ! the 3 piece set is only available in king on the amazon site but we do have the 5 piece set available in queen size . you can see it here : www.amazon.com dp b00brq7fsq we also have the quilt on its own here : www.amazon.com dp b001qc257c i hope this helps ! 
it 's about 5 1 2 in diameter 
i would say no , though it would likely accommodate a english muffin . 
it is oven proof . just went to their web site and they say it is oven proof . 
absolutely it can go in the dishwasher . 
yes , the handle does get hot ... .i got one of the potholder things that are made especially to slide onto pot handles . love , love , love the pan ! 
it could be removable if one grinds off the rivets ... but reattaching could be another story : - ) 
karen , the handlw is definitely small . and the pan size is big enough for making 1 fried egg . 
no , the pan does not get too hot to handle . i use mine on an almost daily basis and am perfectly happy with it ! i hope you enjoy using your pan . 
http : www.green-pan.us us egg-expert-7032.htm no , it will not ... unless you buy an induction diffuser disc to place under the pan . 
i donot think it will work . because it is not stainless steel 
you are correct . it weighs what a normal pan weighs . 
the one i got was black outside with gray inside . 
yes 
no , they are aluminum and ceramic neither of which are ferromagnetic . 
i 'm afraid i do n't know that . the pans were ja gift . 
i am sorry i can not be of help . i did not need a lid . i use it for frying . sorry i could n't help . 
you are correct . it weighs what a normal pan weighs . 
the one i got was black outside with gray inside . 
yes 
no , they are aluminum and ceramic neither of which are ferromagnetic . 
i 'm afraid i do n't know that . the pans were ja gift . 
i am sorry i can not be of help . i did not need a lid . i use it for frying . sorry i could n't help . 
no . 
yes 
the two pots , 3 qt . sauce and 5 qt . stockpot , have no damage they have been great . my small pot started discoloring but still 'non-stick ' and three pans , 2 qt sauce pan , 8 '' and 11 '' frying , as well as the 9.5 '' skillet , are damaged , no longer non-stick and discolored . 
it is not recommended and we have not put them thru the dishwasher , only hand washed . 
well according to macy 's and bb & b it 's lifetime . i 've been doing some research and found this cookware among top 3 safest cookware . 
i do n't know to be honest with you . i use both of mine almost daily and they are showing very little wear or tear . i keep the plastic insert in when i am storing them to avoid chips . no point in tempting fate . i am guessing just based on my usage a few years but i do love them 
the lid is extra and the pan is substantial so under normal cooking warping should not be a problem . 
i wish i could give you a definite answer . my wife and i love these pans way better than orgreenic . we just wanted teflon free so we never researched the ptfe cadmium . great pan and we feel better cooking on it . just remember to never cook on any setting higher than medium . low acts like med and med acts like high . i guess these pans heat more efficiently . 
i love these pans ! from the information included with my shipment it appeared they were belgian . i checked with the company and was told that the makers indeed are belgian . however ; this particular factory is in chine , but ... they own the factory and have control over all aspects of manufacture including quality control . i enjoy using them so much , i judiciously follow the care insturctions , which is really only common sense . hope i have answered your question . 
according to information attached to greenpan frypan i bought a year ago and love , `` oven and broiler use . greenpan cookware is oven and broiler safe : pans up to 850 degrees f 450 degrees c. as the handles are made of stainless steel , discoloration in the oven is possible . handles will become very hot in the oven or under the broiler . always use potholders or mitts to prevent burns ... ... ... ... '' so , yes , it can go in the oven ! 
i believe it 's over a gallon . also .just make sure the spout is on correctly or it will leak , from experience 
it 's plastic , holds up well.. 
it is glass . 
the one that we bought for our daughter poured just right and purchased this same dispenser as a shower gift for a family member recently . 
not that i know of , but i seen it at my local walmart . 
i do n't know . you might check the website and shoot them a message . i have seen others without the base , but never the base alone . 
yes , but the glass was broken upon delivery so we never used it 
yes it can . i do it all the time . this way your drink does not get diluted when the ice melts . 
unfortunately no . it 's made in china . 
joey , it is a metal base stand with approximate interior dimensions of 5-6 '' at the base . i hope this helps . 
no leslie , it does n't . 
disassembles for storage 
14 '' it 's an oval shape . 
yes 
sure , nice size tub with a stand , great containter for all of your beverage needs - i recomend ... 
includes metal stand . tub : 11.5h inches . overall : 22.5w x 23h inches i wish it would had been a little bigger 
i do not know how many gallons it holds but the tub is 11.5 '' height . 
yes , it is . it 's a white liner . it 's a great bucket ! 
i do n't know what size your carafe is , but this is a pretty deep bucket . you should be able to sit it in and put a small amount of ice around it . 
no . it 's a regular sized ice-bucket . i bought it as a gift last year so i do not know the dimensions . i apologize . 
yes there is a lid . love this ice bucket . 
no it does not , but fits easily under regular sized twin sheets . 
http : www.overstock.com guides how-to-clean-a-memory-foam-mattress-topper here 's a good link to give you a walk through on how you can clean it . 
i got a twin bed size and used it for our ice castle because the sleeping cushions were too hard . we just cut it to size and it worked perfectly . cutting it to size was no problem at all . 
i do n't know exactly but my grandsons twin bed is not extra long so we split the difference on each end and it rolled over the head and the foot of the mattress . the width was also wider than the bed but nothing the mattress cover and sheets would n't go around . my grandson says he likes that it curves over the edge of the mattress because it 's soft all the way up to the edge unlike his sisters that barely covers most of her bed . i hope this helps . 
i 'm sorry the pad is with my daughter at her dorm , but it does fit her full sized mattress supplied by the school , and she is very happy with it 
sorry , i have the queen-sized version and do not possess that information . contact the vendor as they are very nice to deal with . very commited to cs . 
i would say about 5 lbs . it is light weight . everyone who has slept on it says it is so comfy 
it fits right on top of twin sized mattress . also , , , you will need deep pocket or xl twin sheets in order to cover both . 
i do n't know the answer but i do not i 'm not happy with it . it was great at first but after a few months it 's saggy and not comfortable . 
xl is a few inches longer . most college dorm beds are twin xl 
i 'm not sure . i do n't have the packaging anymore and do n't remember reading anything about that when i got it . sorry . 
i bought this . i do n't know what the density means , but i can tell you this is a thick , cushy , comfortable , heavy mattress topper . 
sorry i can not help you on this . the mattress is great and feels like its thicker than the 5 . 5 
i think it would be uncomfortable without a mattress . using it on top of a mattress , gives a higher bed and perfect fit for deep pocket bedding . 
78.5 '' x58.5 '' what i measured our queen to be . 
the density was said to be 5.0. i thought that would have a fair amount of resistance but each person in my family of various weights just sank into it . unuseable . i do n't know the origin of the material . 
i 'm not sure on the pounds but it is really dense ... .so it weights more than your typical egg foam topper . i have been really happy with ours 
not sure what the dimensions are but its a true fit to a full size bed . 
4lb ? the foam mattress is a 4 inch thick memory foam bed topper , which i have boughten and use at home and camping . it is very comfortable , the 5.5 is the rating of its firmness ... hope this helped . 
yes , the shipping is discreet . kind regards bill 
fake but it 's really soft and fluffy 
no , mine was not silicone . i 'm not a toy expert , but it feels more like a hard rubber . 
no , the tail ca n't be pulled out without damaging the tail . 
it is grey with white end 
i measured the max diameter at 1.55 inches . 
fake 
master tip set 2104-0240 includes these tips : round - 1 , 2 , 2a , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 12. star - 4b , 14 , 16 , 18 , 21 , 27 , 30 , 32 , 54 , 199 , 363. leaf - 66 , 67 , 68 , 70 , 74 , 349 , 352 , 366. ruffle - 86 , 100 , 340 , 353 , 402. petal - 59s , 101 , 102 , 103 , 104 , 125 , 150. drop flower - 2d , 107 , 109 , 129 , 131 , 224. specialty - 2b , 44 , 47 , 81 , 83 , 105 , 233. set also includes 2 metal flower nails , 2 plastic standard couplers and a tip organizer storage case . however , the set does not include any decorator bags . 
they are numbered ... actually the numbers are engraved ... 
this set does n't have the tip # 97 but if you 're looking for just the tip you can buy it separate so you do n't spend so much on other tips you wo n't use . but if you 're looking for a set with that tip i 'm sure you can find one with it . 
yes , i believe it is stainless steel . i am very happy with this set . 
the bags that i have work for the tips . usually you have to cut the tip of the bag to fit the tips . 
no 
i have n't opened it up since it is a christmas gift - but when we received it , if you open up the flap on the box it came in , there were numbers , tips , and shapes listed there . i can not answer for inside the box . 
yes it does : on the box and on every tip as well . 
yes , they will fit . 
yes it came with plastic single use piping bags . i do not remember how many though . 
no ! its hard to drink out this cup and has a very bad design . all honesty , its pretty but not a very functional piece . 
mine says `` made in thailand '' . 
so good 
i am not sure what a fake one would look like , but the one we got is really nice 
stainless 
sorry , i purchased for a gift 
probably cause it is made in china . 
when the lid is on it is spill proof , if that 's what you mean . but without the lid , it 's just open on top . 
yes , according to their faq `` all zojirushi products are bpa-free . the body of all our vacuum bottles is made of high quality stainless steel , and is bpa-free . lids , stoppers , mouth rings and other components are also bpa-free . '' 
yes . the filter part is easily removed and does not touch the screw top lid . 
the inside is plain stainless steel , highly polished . i think that is preferable to any coatings , as some coatings carry potential health risks . it also means it is remarkably easy to clean because you can use a bottle brush without worrying about tearing a coating . this bottle keeps things cold forever , and keeps them hot nearly as long . literally the best insulation i have ever experienced . 
thailand 
it 's really a thermos - not a travel cup . you screw off the lid and pour the contents into your cup . you could drink out of it but the whole top has to come off . 
no 
1.5 inches 
mv trading have rose and stainless steel color . thanks 
this item is not plastic . there is no bpa . 
truthfully , the part under the cap serves little practical purpose , but it does work to relieve the pressure that builds up when a hot drink is inside the bottle . on other bottles if you fill them to the top and then try to get the cover off after some time has passed you have to be a strongman to pull it off because the pressure has built up . that never happens with this bottle , and it is totally leak-proof . i suppose if one wanted to they could jam a tea bag in the space , or a packet of splenda or sugar , but mostly it is a great way to prevent that pressure build-up . 
nope , the keurig k75 only holds up to 12oz , the zojirushi is 16oz . 
i own 6 different zojirushi hot cold cups and none of them have a plastic rubber ring around the rim where you would place your lips . 
the top cap is just easy access for cleaning . you 'll have to unscrew the cap to drink from the mug , i usually just leave it unscrewed and set it on the top of the mug when i 'm using it . it 'll still keep warm that way , but it 's much easier to drink from . 
no the tea leaves goes in the mug main body and then you place the basket or filter on so it will keep the leaves in when drinking 
yes ! ! 
it is not dishwasher safe . the inside coating is non-stick . so it should be easy to wipe with a warm sponge . putting it in the dishwater will compromise the beautiful exterior finish of your thermos . the manual in provided with the thermos clearly states it is not dishwasher safe . 
the top unscrews leaving an opening of about 2 inches to pour liquid out . when the cap is screwed on tightly , the contents will not leak out . 
unfortunately i do not have another one , but actually you 'd better opt for a mug without tea filter and use an `` external '' one for pouring the tea . it is not convenient enough to want it more than other zojirushi mug . 
absolutely leak-proof . this was one of my favorite purchases of 2014. i highly recommend it . 
it 's coated , but does n't look like a nonstick coating . it feels more like an enameled ( albeit very thin ) coating , not the usual teflon . it does n't really have any taste ... strangely enough . 
it is 16 oz if you fill it clear to the top , so it is more like a 15-15.5 effective ounces . hope this is helpful . 
20 inches 
this is an oval shaped top which is 50 x 34 . 
it is oblong and the marble came a lot darker than shown it was closer to black , dark brown and gray colors 
by itself 
not like a standard thermos would . i 'd say you have maybe 15 min until things cool down . it only takes probably 8 oz of coffee so it is n't very big either . 
i have never knocked mine over . i have taken it to remolding job site and if it was going to happen , it would be there.lol only wish they had it in a larger taller size . just the same i have purchased many as cool gifts sense i purchased mine . very happy with it . 
it is about 5 3 4 '' x 4 '' 
yes , it does . 
no 
yes , it fits nicely in my car cup holder ( ps . see my review on the product ... i would n't buy this again ) 
mine did n't really have a strong odor to it , but it did smell of plastic , but have no fear that goes away pretty quick , it 's most likely from the heat of shipping containers and such , after one use mine was good to go , i have four of em and they are all okay now , i hope this helps vanessa . j.d . mcquaide `` robocop '' 
definitely not 16oz . the `` claimed '' 12oz is pushing it a little . . . closer to 11oz . 
it 's hand wash only . also not microwave safe 
no , there is no lens in it and it does n't have moving parts , so it can not zoom . it 's just a metal cup inside of a very convincing , yet molded plastic . regardless , i still love mine and use it frequently ( and by frequently , i mean nearly every day ) . my dad and i shot an event one day , and i was using this mug . i handed it to him and asked him to hold it as i dug through my camera bag . i started noticing what felt like splashing on my legs , and turned around to see that he was dumping it all over the ground without realizing it because he was engaged in a different conversation and assumed that i was just handing him my 24-70 lens . that is how convincing it is : ) 
one light , not too bright but have you ever thought to just put a piece of black electrical tape over it ? ? 
there is an `` l '' shaped arm supporting the motor , and the power cord comes off at the bend in the arm . this is a great fan ; very quiet with strong output . the remote is easy to use and very useful . 
i have been using this fan every day over the past winter to better circulate the heat from my pellet stove . i did not know about this instruction and have not been unplugging it between uses . that said , i have n't noticed any issues . i suspect it 's a recommendation based on the good practice of unplugging any electronic device between extended periods of non-use to avoid the unnecessary energy drain ( however small ) and vulnerability to power surge damage of any electronic item . btw it 's a great fan . very happy . 
it has a remote . 
its bronze with blue blades and a silver grill . 
try turning it in the opposite direction ... 
yes , you can control it with the remote or directly on the fan itself . loves this fan ! very quiet and powerful ! 
there is no slot for storage . if you put it away for the season i would just tape it to the unit with some masking tape 
yes , on the top of the fan there is a pull switch . up for non- oscillating and down to oscillate . 
it 's a very nice fan , but it does not have a timer . 
yes side to side motion and you adjust up or down . 
one year in the u.s.a. warranty book covered virtually every country , globally . different for each country , it seems . i can tell you this is an awesome fan and you would not be disappointed if you decided to purchase . i have no regrets . 
5 ' 11 '' 
no remote , but very good , quiet fan . 
the base is slightly warm graphite gray , medium-dark . guard is chrome . blades a blue-tinted clear . 
normally airmate ( the actual manufacturer of these rowenta fans ) rates their 12-inch motors at 40-45-watts . it all depends on the actual size of the motor mass stack which is normally between 14mm and 16mm . 
base is 11 '' dia , height to top of guard is about 23 '' ( it varies a bit depending on fan angle ) . 
frankly , i was never able to correctly secure the cage to the fan . i finally used fine guage wire to secured the cage to the frame by neatly wrapping the two together . so for me , removal of the cage to clean will be pretty simple . even with that problem , i am very happy with this purchase . 
somewhat , but not much . if you need a big range of motion , i 'd look elsewhere . however , this is an excellent fan . best i 've owned of its kind . 
well worth it . this is not actually made by rowenta . they order this from a chinese company called airmate which makes the best electric fans in the industry . the materials use on their products are higher quality than you 're traditional `` made in china '' fan . the motors of these airmate fans ( regardless of the brand they are sold ) are always larger than airmate 's second largest competitor ( midea ) . 
glass jar 
this is a just below average blender , i bought it specifically for making smoothies . i saw it in our local grocery store , so i was able to really look it over before i bought it . however , the `` smoothie button '' is a load of garbage . i use frozen fruit and frozen veggies , liquid , and yogurt . i always put the liquid and yogurt in first and still i have to use the pulse button to get everything mixed ( i have to keep stopping to mix with a utensil ) and then i have to leave it on the puree button to really get it to blend smoothly . considering i use it twice a day everyday it 's kind of annoying , but while it 's blending i get time to clean up . bottom line it 's takes too long for making smoothies , it is very loud , and worst of all it leaks , there is not a good seal no matter how tight i try to make it . is it a good value for the money ? i would have rather spent the money on the ninja . hope this helps ! 
the blender holds 40 oz . i ca n't say enough about how great this blender is . cuts through ice cuts like butter . has an auto smoothie setting . i highly recommend this blender . nothing negative at all about it . 
with the lid on , the spout is the highest point and mine measures 15 1 4 '' high . 
yes , of course . you can even make soup . 
i put it in the dishwasher top shelf or hand wash it . it 's easy . 
only 110v 
standard outlet 
no , it does not . also ... this is a terrible product and i would strongly encourage you to look at something else . 
glass 
yes it does . 
if you look nat the side of the bottle you will find a list of numbers from 1 at the bottom to 26 at the top . each number represents the amount necessay to clean one coffe pot . you jst add the amount indicated on the side of the bottle to the pot and fill the pot 1 4 full with hot tap water . use a spnge or brush for more difficult stains . empty out cleaning solution and rinse . for really bad stains use 1 ounce of squeak `` n clean to 1 cup of hot water . allow to soak at least 5 min , the use sponge and brush as above . hope that this helps . 
according to the directions on bottle there are approx 26 uses per bottle . extreme stains on bowl will take up to an ounce of product . 
yes with no problem 
yep . that 's what i paid , and that is what i got - a case of 12 . 
i have soaked overnight with no problem 
this set does include a flower nail . if memory serves , you may have to buy the couplers separately . 
not that i see . tip # 47 is the basket weave one , that is in the kit 
it has basic pictures of what each tip looks like with icing . very basic instructions . 
theses are regular tips i have n't used the dessert decorator pro so i 'm not sure but this set is a wonderful set i looked it up on wilton 's home page it says that they will hope this helps 
made in china 
set includes tips : # 1 , # 3 , # 5 , # 8 , # 12 , # 14 , # 16 , # 18 , # 21 , # 32 , # 59s , # 101 , # 104 , # 224 , # 2d , # 233 , # 47 , # 352 , # 366 , # 67 , # 74 , # 81 . 
they are engraved in the metal . my mom had one that was over 30 years old and it was the same way . 
i 'm sorry i can not answer your question because this item did not reach the final destination address 
the top is glass . it 's a good size pot , holds 12 cups . but it 's not huge . takes up less room than our old drip coffee maker , which is a good thing . 
not at all . i make 6 cup pots all the time . occasionally i have made 4-cup batches in 12-cup percolators and this one has done better with those than the other brand i replaced . i 've learned to use ( proportionately ) a tad more coffee per cup with a 4-cup batch though because for some reason it 's always seemed weaker ( less so with this pot ) . 
in the handle of the coffee pot is a 4 to 12 cup sight glass that is connected to the inside of the pot at the top and bottom with two white plastic openings . i do n't think that it changes the taste of my coffee . i still recommend this product . 
i am not sure paper filters would work because it has a percolator tube that comes up through the basket . the filter would have to have a hole in it . i recommend buying course ground coffee instead . 
i think it is normal - ours is pretty loud too . 
this has a fixed cycle . i 'm sure it is a thermostat of some sort . i 've never seen an adjustable time brew percolator . there are a number of glass stovetop percolators that would allow you to see the color of the brew . 
it takes about 10 min . best coffee i have ever made at home . my guests rave about it . make sure you get coffee ground for a perculator 
cord is only like 2 foot , but it uses a standard computer plug . i put a 10 foot on it ! bottom was fine on my cheapo 80 's formica surface . and yes ran folgers and even store generic grind brands . never had a problem . it doesnt like fine grind , you need a coarse grind like folgers . 
i like the taste a little better than the automatic drip . i like my coffee a little stronger too . the percolator takes up much less space , another plus ! ! 
no , it does n't . the only plastic is the handle and the outside bottom . 
i use mine to slice potatoes all the time for augratin . a word of advice put the potato all the way to one side when slicing to prevent the potato from falling sideways into to the blade because you get better slices from top down . 
the s blade , right ? it should pull straight up off just like slicing disc . if you grab the black plastic and just pull it straight up , it should come off without much trouble . 
the plungers need to be in place 
450 watt - it 's a great machine ... 
there is no bread dough kneading attachment available according to the hamilton beach web site . they do have an 800 help line 800- & 51-8900 . 
sorry , no dough hooks . 
450 watt motor ... look at the specs on amazon . 
does this set come in queen 90 '' x90 '' ? 
yes it does . 
my king size hangs almost to the floor on a queen size bed . 
china -- where else ! i had a hard time finding bedspreads . 
yes , i keep it on the bed all the time . queen bed , fits very nicely 
thank you for your question . the back is beige ( lighter beige ) color , solid no design or decor on it . please do not hesitate to write if you have any question or concern . 
it will work for standard queen size bed . there are many products marked as queen or king in market but in fact in different sizes . it is 102x94 '' . 
i love this set . but i would advise you to wait until you receive it to pick up one of the peachy pinks in the set . 
yes , the bedspread and two shams . 
the colors are brighter than pic shows . i liked it better when i received it . the blue in mine is an aqua blue . the color on the picture is not exactly the true color . i hope this helps . 
the back is cardboard , and i did not use it . it works fine without it . 
i has 1 fixed shelf and 3 adjustable shelves . the fixed one is the third down from the top . 
it 's still made out of particle board , but i felt like everything was very sturdy and tough . my family has altogether bought 4 of these and have had zero issues with the quality . shelves are thick and there 's plenty of supplies in the box . 
11 3 8 '' 
my book shelf has two removeable shelves with 3 spaces for storage of 13 inches for the bottom two and over 12 and almost 13 for the top shelf . 
yes 
the measurements in the description are accurate . i have two of them and they look great . i am very happy with my purchase , and if i needed more shelf space , i would order more of them . 
it 's about 31 inches wide and 71 inches high . almost 12 inches wide . 
the dimensions are listed in the product information in the description . it is 6 feet tall , 2 1 2 feet wide and just under 1 foot deep . 
i purchased 2 book shelves and both units are filled with books . 
measures 30.75 inches wide by 11.5 inches deep by 58.25 inches high 
the shelves come off easily but there are nails holding the back to the shelves so that back sheet might be damaged . 
box is slightly bigger than the size of the side panel , and about 10 or so inches thick..if i remember correctly . 
lol ! that was suppose to be bed material ! darn auto correct and smartphones ! 
it does not flip but it 's really comfortable , regardless.. 
it is a firmer mattress and because it is a cheaper model of bed , i do n't feel it offers the needed support for someone that size . over time it will lead to a sore back . for a vacation bed , fine , but i do n't know if a $ 99 `` everyday '' bed exists . 
it is only one sided 
eyeballing with a good eye ... i 'd say 4'x18 '' x18 '' 
vacuum sealed flat . during this process it 's like a new years party favor . as air is pulled out it starts to roll naturally . the inner spring compresses nicely and can be rolled tightly . 
no i would n't consider this a firm mattress . 
i do n't know where the materials come from but i called the company several times and they were very helpful and nice . great customer service experience . i recommend calling brentwood . 
only one 
we have not noticed any odor from the mattress . we purchased this for a travel trailer , so there is a firm foundation , and found the mattress to be very comfortable . we would have noticed an odor given the small surroundings , but as stated , noted nothing . we have been very pleased with the purchase . 
it 's a little smaller than the standard twin , the frame may have to be shortened or adjusted slightly . 
i got it for bunk beds . but yes i think it requires a box spring of some sort . 
i think you would have to be ready with something to keep it rolled up , i.e . shrink-wrap material . it is not really for a temporary mattress use . it is a mattress ! 
my daughter bought this and was able to put everything together in about half an hour . once it was up it acts and feels like a traditional box spring very sturdy . i am not sure if i answered your question but hoped this helped 
apprx 60 x 40 inches . 
i have had no problems with squeaking or anything with this foundation . mine is currently on the floor though , not on a bed frame . 
i used a regular bed frame and it works perfectly fine for me . i also used a traditional mattress without any problems . hopefully that helps . 
no , i do n't . keter 's website says nothing about such items . there customer service number is 1 ( 888 ) 374-4262 i would think that you could use cushions from anywhere that were the right size and durable material . 
it is made of woven plastic that looks like wicker . 
ours were mor of a grayish blue . i say blue my wife says gray . 
i would say at least 200lbs ... 
yes , but the seat is very hard 
its 16 '' without pillow . hope it helps . ; ) 
20x21x2 
yes ! ! it is perfect for outdoors , the onlu thing that i do is take out the cushions if is raining . 
200 thread count 
it is cotton 
i did not receive the bedding so i got my money back . the company is dreadful with customer service . the bedding was delayed for a week over the due date , it still had not come by the time i asked for my money back and i have only recieved the refund today ( about 2-3 months after i ordered it ) . 
no it wo n't . my daughter 's ipad is 11.5 in and fits snugly . 
well if it 's an ipad mini i think it has to be in a case but full ipad i does n't need a case but i think you can still do it ! hope i helped 
yes , it does also the nook and ipad . 
yes it will , that 's what i have and it fits perfectly . there are multiple slots to fit small and large tablets snugly . 
sorry , no idea . it fits a regular ipad perfectly . 
do you mean likke in the ziper inside ? if thats what you mean then yes . but if you mean when its in the neck pilow no 
yes 
not that we 're aware of ... we 've only seen them in the animal print and solid colors . 
the pillow is the backpack . there are two stretch straps on the back and room in the pillow to hold the ipad . 
fits my ipad , think it would be to big for mini . 
pulp control is related with the output , so indirectly affects the pulp amount in the juice . but more effectively you can control pulp with canisters , it has two different diameters . 
yes . the juicer was made in korea . 
yes , the premium model has the `` smoothie '' options . there are 2 different augers for more juice or more pulp . also there is switch where you can control the amount of pulp . the regular version does not have these options . 
mine is the hurom premium slow juicer smoothie maker . it is very quiet and works great . i do not know what a 2014 hh elite is except it looks just like mine with the exception of the auger ( shaped just a little different ) every other part is the same . 
no 
no 
no , you do not . i like buying seeded grapes for mine . 
hi there ! is a 110 ! i believe that you can get a 220v of you ask for it . they do manofacture one . or just buy a power converter that will also solve the problem 
this is 110w . but this product made in south korea so if you want you can buy hurom website . south korea using 220w . 
the frozen fruit should be thawed out and somewhat soft before using it in this machine . 
i fill the pitcher up as full as i can and fill the tea maker full of water and leave the rest in the pitcher . i then add three family tea bags to the tea maker and brew it makes about a gallon of tea . 
i went to the bsck to basic site and was able to get just the pitcher . ordered two do i would have a spare . 
thank you for your message to hammacher schlemmer . no , the basket does not allow for some water to remain . please contact me if you require additional assistance . thank you . 
my iced tea maker was spewing out 180-212 degree water when i checked it today . the water got hotter as it got closer to the bottom of the water . 
the top of the pitcher is 5 '' across from side to side . to my knowledge there is not a lid to fit it . my brother had one of these and i could not wait to get mine . i just love it . it makes the best tasting tea . the best thing about it is that it comes completely apart to be cleaned and no tea sediments can build up in it . 
yes . you can use any pitcher that will fit under the spout . 
i have looked at the unit . it does not actually say made in the usa , but it does have a us patent number on it if that helps . so technically i am unsure 
no it is free and clear of bpa . 
15 inches . love mine . brew tea daily . 
simple once you know how to use it , but in my opinion , not terribly intuitive without reading the instructions . although i do have to refer back occasionally to the instructions , this is a great little tool for designing my own intervals . 
ninety-nine intervals and then you have to hit the start button again ... .i used it on sunday for a half marathon to keep track of my run walks ... 
you can only clip it ... . i like to clip it to my baseball cap that i wear when working out ... i guess you could probably clip it to a wristband of some sort , but they do not sell wristbands to go with it ... hope this helps ... ..p.s . i highly recommend this product , super easy to use , lots of different options for timing your workouts , i use it for every workout ! ! love it ! ! 
yes you can it has to settings a `` bv '' is pretty loud then you have a `` bv '' which is not as loud perfect for me when i am at the gym and then just `` v '' for vibrate . hopea this helps 
yes . well , kind of . you can set the gymboss minimax to one of three settings -- b , b , or v -- for loud beep , quieter beep , or vibrate . so , yes , you can start and stop it without hearing any beep ... but you can hear a dull sound when it vibrates . if others were in a quiet room with you when it vibrated , they would hear it , too . it 's just like the sound my old pager made when it was set to vibrate -- back in the 90 's . : ) 
if it helps , i have had it since january and it 's still running . 
this does not do that this is strictly an interval timer that you set for a specific length of time . you might want to consider the garmin watches that track using gps . there is a great comparison on a website by dcrainmaker . you can google him . 
this is lightweight . a beautiful set ! 
hello , yes after a minute they are hot . 
i have used them for years in the microwave . 
world kitchen , llc will replace any item of corelle vitrelle glass dinnerware that should crack , break or chip within three years from date of purchase . porcelain and stoneware mugs are not included . if the exact item is not available , it will be replaced with a comparable item . this warranty only applies to products damaged during normal household use . it does not cover damage resulting from misuse , negligence , accidental breakage or attempted repair . 
hello , all are stamped made in china . 
i searched the internet for serving pieces too , and could n't find any in this exact pattern . there are some in the plain white and a somewhat similar pattern called vive impressions . other than that , i really love the swept set . 
i bought the same set at kohls online for 89.99 w an online coupon for 30 % off . free shipping . 
i read on www.shopworldkitchen ... that all of the boutique corelle is made in the usa , except for the mugs , which are made in ( where else ? ) china . i do n't think the mugs are considered `` unbreakable . '' still , very pretty dishes . i bought some for my daughter . 
according to the internet search : three-layer glass laminate called vitrelle glass 
vitrelle , a lightweight glass-laminate that resists damage but is n't completely unbreakable . 
everything except the cups are made in the usa . strangely , the cups are make in china . 
10 1 2 inches 
i found matching pieces on worldkitchen . com . dessert bread plates and platters . right now they are having a buy 2 get 1 free sale as well . 
most likely the price usually goes up when the set is no longer available from corelle . the supply gets low and the demand is still high . 
i found matching pieces on worldkitchen . com . dessert bread plates and platters . right now they are having a buy 2 get 1 free sale as well . 
it is true white 
on my computer the first two ( from the top down ) show the coffee color . i do n't see a red at all . i 'm wondering if the vendor only has a certain number of a particular color . when i purchased my set last year , they only had the green available . the coffee color actually looks to be a warm medium brown . a nice color and the rugs are certainly worth the price . i received fast delivery too , which was unexpected since it was shipped from the u.k . 
there are no other colors . the color shown is what 's for sale and they only have 3 remaining . if the color will work for you , i 'd say buy it . it 's a decent rug set for the price . my set is a medium green . they 're not heavy-duty rugs , but certainly serviceable and attractive . 
i thinks so 
i do n't believe so . mine certainly does n't nor would i want one 
canister 
paul . the maker comes with clear instructions and some basic recipes . we had never made ice cream either but we had had pretty good success so far . it does n't take very long - just makes sure to have enough ice and salt on hand . 
yes just cut your recipe in half and your good to go . : - ) 
the label on the motor says made in china . we have used our ice cream maker several times this summer and are very pleased with the construction and the delicious results . 
yes there is 
the bucket is really wood but the inside is plastic . the canister is aluminum . 
no , it doesnt . it just needs ice around the canister while youre making the ice cream . no pre - freezing the canister required . 
yes . this is normal for this machine . when the canister turns , dasher is still in place so in a way the dasher is turning . it 's hard to explain but here 's a video so you could see what i mean . http : m.youtube.com watch ? v=d5zeiar4lja 
i have not had any problem with that problem , of course i rinse every thing with hot water before i put it in . the dishwasher and i love my glass lids . i have one for the 10 ' 12 ' skillets and for the 10 inch grill skillet . 
i use the lid anytime grease is splattering . i also use the lid to heat meat more uniformly such as when cooking sausage , hamburgers , etc . to ensure that the meat cooks through . the same issue will be true when cooking especially hard veggies that take more time to cook ( carrots , potatoes [ home fries ] , etc . ) . you do n't want to burn the potato or carrot before it is cooked through especially if it is not par boiled first . 
i do n't believe they sell the lid as part of a set rather it is separate . there are sets but usually the top is another pan unless it is the dutch oven ( which is sold with a lid ... not glass ) 
instructions state tempered glass lid and knob are oven safe to 400 degrees . however , i have never used the lid in the oven . 
yes , it is oven safe to 400 degrees . also dishwasher safe ... 
no . the indoor unit uses gravity to feed the water condensation outside . this requires a hole from the inside to the outside about 2 3 4 - 3 inches in diameter at a slight downward angle . through this hole passes all of the indoor-outdoor connections , the power supply and the drainage to the outside . 
the indoor unit has a backplate that can be mounted to a wall . the condenser comes with rubber feet for the pad . 
26.5 w x 9.5 h x 7 d 
it is pre-charged , but you still have to have an hvac professional vacuum the line out and release the refrigerant per the instructions . unfortunately , only professionals have access to the tools needed . we called around , and estimates were around $ 200 to compete this after having it already all wired up and ready to go . 
no compressor is wired for 120v . 
the lines are flared and this system will require a vacuum pump and gauges to install . 
i 'm not sure about the seer rating . there is a plastic tube that drains condensation . 
yes . unit is mounted on the wall and a hole needs to made through to the outside so you can run the connections to the outside unit . there are several good videos online for installing ductless cool heat systems . this unit can heat and cool a room , just select the option you want on the remote control . 
11 amps , 10.9 watts . 
the inside cube is 12 '' x12 '' x12 '' . 
it is a true turquois . exactly like the color in the picture . 
16 '' w x 16 '' d x close to 17 '' for height . 
true to the picture ... .teal . 
this is the size of a small foot stool , however it is also a storage space . i can sit on it and it holds a good amount of recycled plastic grocery bags . it is a great color and is represented correctly in the picture . 
i got the purple and it matched perfectly with the picture on the ad . hopefully the red will do the same . 
no 
not exactly sure but it easily supports my college-age daughter when she uses it to step up onto her high dorm bed . she also uses it as a seat . 
dimensions are 32 '' w x 25 '' h x 12 '' d , the 2 small cubbies are 11 '' h x 11.25 '' w ; the larger cubbies are 11 '' h x 18 '' w ; the shelf requires no drilling ; and , you could either stand the shelf tall or wide . 
hi lynn , the exterior dimension is d : 12 w : 32.1 h : 24.8 the interior compartments are : interior ( small sections ) depth 11.2 '' width 11.8 '' height 11.2 '' interior ( large sections ) depth 12.0 '' width 17.9 '' height 11.2 '' 
hi ellen , hi lynn , the exterior dimension is d : 12 w : 32.1 h : 24.8 the interior compartments are : interior ( small sections ) depth 11.2 '' width 11.8 '' height 11.2 '' interior ( large sections ) depth 12.0 '' width 17.9 '' height 11.2 '' jimmy way basics , founder 
you can ask this question at www.waybasic.com they have a live chat . i do not think you can because it says on their site..keep from getting wet . i think the material will absorb water base paint . on their site they have other colors , so check to see if a glossier white is there . 
no , there is no way to put them together . the directions clearly state to not stack them . i believe they would be very unstable . 
no . impossible . i doubt it would survive much moving around even if you kept it assembled . good only for light storage that does n't have to move . i use mine for office supplies in the closet 
if you count the door knob it goes out to 11 '' . inside storage depth is 9 1 4 '' 
badly painted , not worth what i paid for . i emailed zenith to request a small amount of paint to touch up as it looks awfull but didnt even reply to my email . i would never buy zenith again . never ! 
68 inches tall , 14 inches wide and 10 inches deep . 
it 's possible , but the finish is a laminate . 
features and details section 
it is the same top and bottom , i believe . 
69 inches 
15.4 '' 
how tall is it ? 
the side to side width is the 15.4 '' dimension given . the 11 '' dimension is the front to back depth . 
this bar is designed to hold clothing , robes , coats , etc . it *is* very sturdy , but i would n't feel comfortable using to hold a mirror -- especially , if the door is used often . 
i 'm not sure but i bought it for a cube and it did n't work for me . 
the total width is 2 '' but with the rubber padding i would say 1.75 '' would be max . i squished mine and used a tape measure and it looks like it would be snug , but fit . it is nice to have the rubber to protect the door if it is that wide . hope that helps . 
when the extension is dropped down it measures 8 inches from top of door hope that helps to answer your question 
the hook is about 10 inches down from the top of the door . 
no manual..just mix up your juices or yogurt , whatever and freeze ! i found them kind of awkward and gave them away ! you might want to look into the yonanas machine ... you can do sooo much more . orjust freeze your mix in a small paper cup . 
company says `` yes '' . 
please call us at 1-800-238-7119 from monday to friday from 9:00 to 5:00 et and we will be more than happy to assist you with an exchange , return or replacement where and when warranted or any errors made with your order . please have your order number available when you call for faster processing . we may need to arrange to email you a prepaid shipping label in some cases . 
no they can not be stacked . i was very disappointed when i bought two of them . however , if u buy 2 of them , you can fit 7 of the 8 racks in the height of 1 set of legs . that is what i ended up doing . 
if you are referring to 1.5 ltr bottles , yes they will fit . if you mean something like the extra tall reisling bottles i was given , the base will fit but the neck will stick out very far , as the shelves are only about 12 inches deep . 
yes 
the shelves are 36 '' wide , although the effective width is 33 '' because the corner posts take up some room . this unit is primarily meant as a wine storage unit , and stores 9 bottles per shelf . i do not know if the sell shelves separately . the shelves are scalloped for bottles . if you are looking for shelf storage , i believe this company also makes the same style shelving units with totally flat shelves . 
i would think so . the finish appears appropriate and i doubt if rust over a period of short years would be an issue . 
yes 
yes but you have to go directly through the trinity website ( not amazon ) 
the four legs are 34 inches tall . but you can adjust the shelves lower if you want . i think you will be happy with the rack . 
35 '' 
product dimensions:14 x 36 x 34.5 inches ; 24.6 pounds 
ours did 
we 've ran ours on our hard wood floors with no issues 
yes it does 
i have a small breed dog and i feel the vac does a great job picking up pet hair and dander . 
no 
yes it does they are an awesome vacuum . it picks up lng hair also . our dogs short hair , but we have family have big dogs long hair and they used there vacuum and then used the dyson and picked up we could n't believe how much more it pulled out of the carpet . 
yes , when you release the long wand there is a separate brush accessory and an angled tube that both fit on the end of the wand . they store on the machine . 
yes 
the warranty is through dyson . 
ours has a mostly gray handle and ball with a reddish stripe , but the basket part has some gold on it . i do n't recall what the color was on the photo when we bought it . 
don , no joke . spendy but the best of the best . great toast and also beautiful . probably not for everyone but for anyone who loves kithchenaid and enjoys retro design with space age quality , will love it ! 
big enough for bagels and slot is wider then standard bread size . so plenty big . 
it is slower then cheaper toasters . however , i love the toaster and do not mind the wait as it seems to brown more evenly than other toasters i have used and not burn the bread . i also really like the automatic lowering , raising , and warming feature . 
china 
120 - normal household current is us 
hi and thank you for taking time to contact me the dimensions are as follows 7 '' x 13 '' x 8 3 4 '' high ; 10 lb . 13 oz . new in box if you have any other questions feel free to contact me i am here to help regards , frank customer care specialist wholesaloutletllc 
almost certainly not . my toaster is 120v , and unless i got a very , very good power transformer and adapter ( not just adapter , not just a cheap transformer ) then i would risk burning out the toaster . if you can get a 240v version , that would work . best of luck ! 
no . four are adjustable . the center one is not because it is needed for structural soundness . 
i do n't know , but the bookcase components were excellent , easy to put together , and the finished product is quite attractive . 
possibly but it depends on the things you are going to put on the shovels and how careful you will be . remember , this is intended for books and not muddy boots or hard metal things like ice skates . i have had one in my living room for several years with lots of books on it . it is just as good as when i put it there . the new white one is in my kitchen and it stores things such as kitchen appliances , some cooking pans , etc . on that one i lined with kitchen contact paper so i could replace it if the surface would become too soiled . the unit works perfectly for me for that use . in the garage i have steel shelving where everything gets thrown on . i think you understand . bottom line - it is a great unit ( one of the best ) in all regards . if i need another shelving unite in the house i would buy this one without even considering something else . however if i need another unit for the garage , i would buy a steel rack . home that helps you , bear 
easy . peanut . cashew . almond . etc . no problem . 
the recall status can be check using the link below . go to the bottom of the page to enter your vitamix serial number http : www.containerbladerecall.com productentry.aspx ? 
the description says : `` 2.2-peak-horsepower motor and wide blade radius '' . clearly you 've done your research . i always trust what i read on a manufacturer 's website over descriptions written by retailers and third party sellers . you are correct , the motor is 2.2 horse power . 
yes it does 
based on my comparisons with friends who purchased ones from vitamix & williams sonoma this is the same one . 
all 32oz wet and dry , 48oz , and 64oz containers fit this model . i use a 32oz container with this model , and prefer to use it when making smaller portions . works great . i did not notice a big difference between the wet and dry blades however . my 32oz wet container grinds rice , oats , ect . ... just as well . 
do check amazon uk or you may order this model in 220v from vitamix international . sellers here offer blenders wired for north american 110 only . 
yes ! it is wonderful ! we teach classes frequently with it ! 
they are a knob ! each feature lights up when pointed on . 
i my opinion yes they are . the self-clean button especially . we make shakes everyday in our vitamix and using the self-clean function means there is no washing up to do afterwards 
http : www.pizzamaker.co.nz uploads 66264 files justpizza_manual_wild_appetite.pdf 
depends upon the model . in the past there were 2 models , the higher priced only had a removable stone . the new ones are all fixed . try looking for sur la table the petite pizzeria ld-902slt in amazon as it looks like they must have bought the license and it seems identical to the old model bar colour . have n't bought one myself yet but if it 's the same as the old upper class model , it will be superb . 
no . the model i have does best with something about 10 '' or less . 
in the manner of self cleaning ovens , you turn it on , keep it closed and keep it hot until the smoke clears . it may be several minutes . 
just the 2 paddles for removing the pizza from each side and of course the manual . i love it . just have to get used to the high temp 
yes it will 
the description indicates `` fixed stone base `` 
no it 's not too bad . we use it all year round and do n't get bothered by the heat . 
yes ! it cooks up frozen pizza nice and crispy . we 've only tried thin crust ones , though . 
no . clue 
the product does work on 220v . 
address : 220 technology drive , suite # 220 , irvine , ca 92618 telephone : 1-888-372-8990 
no , only the stuff that comes with it . 
hello , it can pick and clean bird seeds . it can not pick up shells from a peanut . best regards , royal blue shipping corp 
hello , yes this device is designed to clean in the dark while you are asleep . best regards , royal blue shipping corp 
mine goes over small rugs in the bathroom and big shag rugs in the kitchen and an area rug in the sun room as well as the wall to wall carpet in the rest of the house without any trouble . 
no . it has this little pad but we decided we would do the mopping . we do n't like the idea of it spreading dirt all over because it is not washed off . 
no problem at all . i have a large rug that is almost like shag carpet . it vacuums it and does it well . i have two large furry dogs and a cat , this thing is a life saver . i used to vacuum every couple days , now i can wait a week . 
yes it does but the one i bought did n't vacuum it only swept the floor . 
dry mop 
unless you have an extra large one , we use the stainless steel travel mugs all the time . different brands , so for us , it 's great . plus , this model has the curved lever , not the straight one of the other model , so you can even tilt mug if you needed to and no spills . 
it stays on for two hours then automatically turns off . stays really hot . 
no , no lights . hard to see sometimes . 
yes it is , you can set it up the night before and have hot coffee the next morning . the only downfall is that the this coffee maker is programed to stay hot for only two hours , my old one stayed hot for 4 hours . otherwise very nice coffee maker . 
7.5 '' should be about max . 
the back is not one solid piece . the top holds the hot coffee when it is brewed . you can clean & fill the top with water at your sink & then pour the water into the bottom for brewing . 
the drip plate itself is metal . it sits inside a plastic reservoir . very easy to pop out & clean . 
do n't know , i use paper filters and love this machine . 
the tea infuser has a fine grade mesh to allow loose tea to infuse your water without leaving tea leaf debris . the tea infusers holes are too small for fruit to infuse well in my opinion . the fruit infuser leaves room for fruit to strongly infuse your water . i found the fruit infuser necessary for my tea needs . however , if you want only a light fruit taste to your water or tea , i am sure the tea infuser would work fine . 
i invested in a pitcher with the loose leaf tea filter and adding the infuser was a nice addition . it keeps the fruit in the pitcher for more flavor vs it going into the glass . hope this helps . 
i have a takeya pitcher . do n't know `` model '' but i think they may all be the same . mine is tall column w black screw-on lid . 
it screws into the top of the takeya pitcher . it does n't come with it 's own top . it comes in its own container , which will keep the dust off of the infuser . 
yep , it should . i purchased the two 2 quart pitcher set along with this so i could make tea using loose tea . works like a charm ... 
approx . 2.5 in diameter at the widest ( top ) , and 1.75 in diameter at the narrowest ( bottom ) 
yes it will . 
no the cap only fits the takeya pitcher as far as i know . definitely not large enough for a mason jar . but probably long enough you could just stand it in there . 
i do n't drink cold coffee but the infuser will definitely hold a cup or more . 
7.5 inches 
no . it screws into the lid provided with the cannister you originally bought . 
yes 
yes 
it holds one cup , or 8oz . 
they are about 3x3 and 2 '' deep 
yes 
i 'm not sure , but it 's bpa free plastic and they 've been working really well for me . large containers ! 
yes it is . i am just more careful with snaps when the container is removed from the freezer . 
yes it does . i find that it seals very well too . i have n't had any spillage in my lunch box like i do with gladware for example . 
lids are a bpa plastic . the bottoms only are glass . 
i checked with my kilowatt , this appliance consumes 215w 1.73a when actively heating . 
120 volts 
yes we can ship it to singapore 
hey . amazon shipping varies per product and weight by country . please attempt checkout with your delivery address . it will let you know if it can ship to your address . tks . 
please put in you address when placing the order and see how much the charge comes out . 
you check this link http : youtu.be roqlijpluca 
yes nick . it clearly states on the product page all you need is an outlet to plug it in . seriously people , stop being so disgusting and rude about this product ! 
110 
hi- just spray a quick shot of non-stick cooking spray inside the rollie . then.. it comes out smoooth ! ours just pushes out totally on its own and we hurray to get our plate so we can just lift up the rollie and slide it onto the plate . non stick cooking spray ! i love mine so much..i sent a rollie to my dad and to my friend . rollies for everyone ! rollie - rollie - rollie , keep those rollies rollin ' 
2 pin plug . 
i just use soda stream flavors ( you dont add the flavor ( s ) till after you carbonate the water ) . 
the co2 bottle is a standard 20 ounce paintball cylinder which you can get at a sporting goods store or amazon . dick 's will refill the cylinder for about $ 4.00 . there 's a plastic adapter that screws onto the top of the co2 cylinder - i 'm not sure where you might get another of those . 
christina , thank you for your inquiry about the primo flavorstation . the flavorstation includes the beverage making machine , 1 half liter bottle and 1 c02 cylinder . i hope this answers your question . let me know if i can help you with anything else . thank you , terri blackhawk trading post 
sodastream bottles do not work on the flavorstation - they fit into the machine differently . they used to make replacement bottles but i think they 've sold all their stock and they may not be available any more . 
the one i bought did come with the c02 cartridge . you should be careful though . make sure you can get the replacement cylinders or there is a place where you live that will refill them . i do like the primo . i find it very comparable to soda stream , and the soda stream syrups work fine with it . good luck . 
primo co2 will work . some flavorstation machines come with 2 nozzles for tank that will work with flavor stations and soda stream co2 bottles . 
you can buy soda stream syrups that 's what i do and they are great just make sure you read the instructions on the soda stream syrups . 
small bottle , co2 , nozzle and maker . no flavors but you can immediately make soda . 
i 've used mine with a 1l just fine . keep in mind its high pressured air being pushed into a pressurized environment . by the time its done , everything is fizzy . just do n't stick the bottle in the dishwasher ... .they melt easily . 
yes , we do . 
no zipper . just one long luxurious pillowcase of that sweet egyptian cotton . 
a body pillow is usually 20 '' x54 '' , so i made this pillowcase 21 '' x60 '' to make sure none of the pillow hangs out . the pillowcases which are 52 '' or 54 '' long will usually have a zipper and are often not 100 % cotton . i like to tuck the excess pillowcases back into itself ( like hotels do ) to make for a neat look . 
looked at the two cases and their tags both say egyptian cotton . 
white , plain and simple . 
white 
nope , mine did not shrink . i flip my case inside out and put it on by pulling it over the pillow that way . 
i do n't know , but there was no cigarette smell when i opened them . i always throw new linens immediately into the washing machine to get out the finish from the factory , but i did n't smell anything . they were a slightly better quality fabric than the others i have purchased for body pillows . 
not yet . 
you have to pull hard . it clicks in so to open it you have to grasp it and pull hard 
rubber flat part . works good . 
it happened to me too . pull it really hard from the part that looks like the purse handle . 
with the hanger facing you pull up on the left side of the hook it will open , then you unwrap the metal hook from around the rhinestone covered purse , hook your purse on the hook that is now exposed , lay the rhinestone purse flat on the table top with your purse hanging below . 
i just went to the oreck site , called the 800 number and order the filter there currently @ 39.99 $ plus sh and state tax ; hope this helps . 
it works quite well in 20 x20ft . room . hope this helps . 
i do n't think i will answer your question , but might give you some help in determining which one fits you . this is only 15 inches tall and therein lies part of the answer you want . this will handle maybe the size of your living room . ( depending on how big of a place you have of course ) in the other guy 's full report on it , he stated that he bought two . changing the subject , i went to oreck and typed in the model # and came up with nada . he also stated that he has problems in getting filters for it , other than ordering it via a phone . so that might be two strikes against it already . i did n't happen to see what fs means to oreck . some places it means that the full warranty will apply . others it means that only 90 days . i think i 've decided that if i 'm going to spend over 100 bucks , i 'm going to get a little bigger unit and one that will handle a large area . hope this helps..ta ta 
there are two types of uv light ... you want the short wave not the long wave . the long wave uv is for disco dancing and makes you look silly -- the short wave kills bacteria . uvc kills bacteria -- it is short wave . 
i do n't know . mine quit working the second time i used it . i posted a comment and the company did n't even try to make it right . i would suggest another brand , or you can try your luck . 
they say uv light kills 99.99 % of bacteria ; period ! i scan everything i have to scan ; every few days ! ! ! 
no , it does not make germs visible . 
uv light breaks down the molecular structure that holds the organic tissues together . it is similar to exposing skin to sunlight without sun screen . burn the tissues kills the organism . 
not sure but it is not very bright . 
it is about 13 inches long and about 1.5 in . wide . it is okay for suitcase carry on . not for my purse . ate up batteries pretty quickly i thought . 
do n't know , tell me . 
the holes are 10 inches apart ( from the bottom of the top hole to the top of the 2nd hole . the holes are 2 inches in diameter . your 42 inch tv will be no problem , i have a samsung 46 incher on mine . 
its free standing but it does come with an anchor to mount into the wall to make sure it does n't tilt forward . 
table top is 22 inches . the mounting is about 43 inches . 
yes , it 's a perfect fit . nothing larger though . it will lean forward 
i have a 32 '' flat screen tv on it and it looks to be about the same ratio from the ends of the top shelf as the photo ... about 7-8 '' on each side 
i had the same issue after setting my 52 inch tv on the horizontal bar . the way i got the tv level was to slide it right and left along the horizontal bar . as far asi could see there are no adjustments to be made other than trying this . 
yes 
i would say no . this is a really petite stand . it has a really small footprint . even a light 60 '' tv is going to swallow it up . it may not even provide much if any clearance between the tv and the top shelf , depending on the bezel . it 's also definitely not equipped to handle anything overly heavy . 
yes . i have a 46-inch lg and it fits perfectly . this stand does everything they claim . i do n't remember the max size but i 'd trust it . i may purchase another one to replace an old stand in my bedroom which is a smaller samsung older model 37-inch 
no . 
no , i did not notice an odor . 
not real soft , but not bad . is hard to explain . i have diabetes , so feet bother me . i wanted it primarily so i would n't slip . sorry i could n't help more ! 
okay on our feet but did not drain well . try duck brand shower mat . 
it is 22 inches by 22 inches and we have been very pleased with it . 
drains very well . works great on our textured shower floor . we have been very pleased with it and would recommend it . 
do you mean is it machine washable ? i have no idea , but i would not hesitate to do so . i have a shower brush , which is actually an old dish brush , which i take into the shower with me to scrub the mat when it needs it . but i would machine wash it with cold water at a delicate setting without fear ! 
it is printed on both sides.. i am enjoying mine.. 
sorry -- there is only one size . 
it fits a body pillow , which is much larger than standard size . it is approximately four feet in length . 
yes they can , i use them to dry off my silverware every day . they are pretty absorbent and work well . 
yes 12 . 
yes , they are good for cleaning just about anything . being very absorbent they work best of drying dishes . those microfiber ones can not compare to these . the microfiber ones never measure up - poor absorption and the material does not hold onto dirt - these will . 
it appears to me to be actual blue stitching 
the towels have a soft gold center stripe 
unfortunately , no . they are n't too bad after coming out of the driver but you can iron them if you want to get rid of all wrinkles . 
this is from the description : `` constructed of 24-ounce ( commercial weight ) higher density cotton , these towels are washed at high temperatures with bleach agents to ensure minimal shrinkage . '' i think it indicates the quality of the fabric . each towel is thin and light . 
these are kitchen towels , they have a blue strip . their the best towels i 've ever bought . 
it is one color , per dozen - keep in mind these are super super thin . i describe them as cheesecloth , no way to be used as a dish towel . mine went from package to the garage for use there . 
no , it is a 110 unit . you can use it with an adaptor . 
i do n't know . i would contact dyson . 
be very careful buying off amazon i bought this vaccum cleaner and it was sent to new zealand and it was the wrong power voltage so i had to send it back . in the end this was a very expensive mistake , it cost $ 290.00 in postage and i did n't get that repaid . when i pointed out that it that did n't work on nz power the answer was but it works in america and canada , which is no help at all . be very very careful ! ! 
i do n't see this problem , but i do n't have wall to wall carpeting , just large area rugs ( although some are rather thick it still works well on those ) . i also never had problems with it clogging or losing suction - but since it does do a good job , i do have to empty it more often , especially since it 's small . i think once my brush stopped because it was wrapped in hair ( i have long hair ) and once i removed it , it was fine . so i make sure to periodically check the brush for anything wrapped around it ( hair , string , etc . ) 
dc39 , the dust bin of dc 47 is too small 
yes . that part of the vacuum is made up of four segments : the hose , handle , stick , and vacuum head . any or all of the segments may be disconnected , and attachments used in their place . 
there is an adapter in the kit for use with tools that are a different size . note this does not apply to stick units . 
no idea but check its performance before you buy . the suction is so strong that it sticks to the carpet and you can not easily glide it over the floor . had a refund on mine . 
no . 
the main vacuum head ( big spinning brush inside ) is about 20cm ( just under 8 '' ) wide . the little one with two spinning thingies is about half that . 
cord is 33 inches plus the plug , and it comes out from under and swivels - so it can really go in any direction . there also is a cord control frame underneath so you can adjust the length to suit your needs . 
the cooking time depends on the quality of bread used , for instance , i use a seven grain organic bread , this takes 1 1 2 mins on # 3 setting , to cook until golden brown . a whole wheat bagel on # 3 would be 2 mins approx . i can only guess that a light white bread on this same setting could be approx 1 min.sorry i ca n't be more specific . 
yes , it is . 
yes , it does 
this toaster is made in china . 
mine measured 7 '' h x 11 '' d x 6.75 '' w . 
no . it 's pretty basic . when you turn the dial to `` on '' the red light comes on . when it 's in the off position the light goes off . 
i believe it can . if you look at the toaster , next to the wheel selection for toasting color , there are four buttons ... these are for frozen things , like bagels , etc . 
no . 110v only 
yes . 
it 's about 23 '' 
just warm . could probably keep it in your lap if you wanted . 
no . you can fold it up ( but , of course , you can do that with any electrical cord ) . it comes with a reasonable twist tie ... perhaps if you keep that around ( knowing how much cord you need in the `` maximum extension '' instance ) things will appear neater . 
they are black . 
i returned it because it did not fit in my space . i do n't have the dimensions , but if you find the manufacturers dimensions , add on an inch in depth because the knobs stick out . 
no , the dial stays where you set it . it does n't move or change except by your action . 
they stay the same . 
china 
the slots are 5 and 7 16 inches long 
1800 
any cook ware it 's really good for travellong 
it tells you on the box picture , 110volts 
definetly i cooked full meals on this before 
no , it just has heat knobs with off-low-med-high 
we 're upgrading our kitchen and will be without a stove top for a few more weeks . in this situation , this little burner is a god-send . while i do n't know what temperature it reaches , but i can give you some idea by giving a couple of examples : ( 1 ) it fries eggs easily and well ( 2 ) it takes roughly forever to boil water . between those two extremes , it cooks most things ok , but takes longer than you 're used to . let 's say twice as long , as a rool . two tips : turn the burner on , with the pot or pan in place , long before you start cooking . the cold food you put in the pan will cool the burner significantly . most of the extra time is taken by the burner re-heating . if you can possibly microwave the food before putting it in the pan you 'll save considerable time . of course you do n't want to totally nuke the meal ; just warm it up so the burner does n't have to do so much work . bottom line : it works ok , and `` ok '' is much better than nothing like our temporary kitchen-torn-apart situation . 
made in china 
i cooked sausage , eggs and a pot of grits on it . it did n't take long for them to cook , i was very pleased . 
yes and yes works so good i love it ! ! 
no it does not . you can use regular pans . 
one is larger than the other so it would probably be 800 on the larger and 700 on the smaller . it does not indicate on the packaging or instructions . 
according to the owner 's manual : `` limited warranty* one ( 1 ) year '' ( with dated proof of purchase ) . check out -- www.maxi-matic.com 
yes , it comes with an oven tray . 
yes the griddle is removable , and so is the crumb tray , but i couldnt quite figure out the baking rack . i imagine there 's a way , but it does n't just slide out . ( try not to get cheese on it ) 
10 inches wide . 9 inches deep . 6 inches high . 
yes you can . 
i 'm sorry i do n't know i gave them as gift 's 
the one we got is a good red color . very pleased with it ! 
yes i use it a lot for my hot tea and if u are using it for a longer brewing time i just set the pot on the hot plate part of it 
yes 
yes it is . 
no . the carafe 's lid presses on the dispenser allowing the coffee to flow into it . i broke the fragile carafe in the first week and ca n't find a replacement that is identical . hope this helps . 
this is a small unit , yes a big roll can go in there ... not much more , i got this for a lady friend for small studio ... ... ..this does not replace a over..it is to warm ..toast things in a small way 
no . if you want to boil something , i 'd suggest using the coffee pot to hold the sauce and spaghetti os 
i do n't know . i have n't left it on to see if it shuts off automatically . 
i believe its just a 110 
do not buy , does not heat up hot enough for particular items . 
it comes right off for cleaning , and it is really easy to clean . i love it and i use the coffee pot every day ! = ) 
not physically possible to remove the entire coffee unit , but if you do not wish to use the coffee maker just do n't switch it on . you can use all other appliances separately at your own discretion . 
great question and the same thing i was thinking when i first got into bread making . the bag is gusseted to allow the bag to expand to fit the loaves of bread . these are the same bags i use every week to make bread at home . i posted another picture on amazon . i stuck a bunch of oranges in one of the bags to give you a better idea of how they expand . 
no 
probably not ! it 'll fit a foot-long hoagie nicely . 
no i do not 
a homemade loaf of bread from a bread pan barely fits into this bag . not sure of the liquid volume , but i would think that it would be closer to one gallon , if that . 
probably not because they are so thin . i would at least double them . 
for my 1 1 2 lb loaves i have to cut them in half and use 2 bags.. hth 
i 'm sorry i have n't the slightest idea . i think they came in a clear bag . 
yes . in fact i made french fries and chicken fingers the other night 
the measurements are 11 3 4 '' x 16 1 2 '' 
no , but i would assume they work as long as they are not trimmed ; they are great in an oven temp for hours . 
no , it does not fit up the sides of a casserole dish or brownie pan . only good for using on sheet pans 
rough approx 1 64 of an inch 
nope 
you could , but i would be gentle not to rip the material . nothing sticks to it so if i am making cookies i generally just pick them up with my hands . 
i believe that they are made in the u.s. and are bpa free . they are not dishwasher safe . they clean up like a dream though with a quick wipe . 
i ca n't say that has been an issue . i have used it on several occasions now and the cookies i baked have been the same as they always are - in fact better . 
canada , www . epicureselections.com for more info 
hello barbara , this product is manufactured in china from rubber-wood and 2cr14 stainless steel . best regards , epar team 
no idea about wood . 
the knifes are decent , my only issue is that they are a bit small , making it difficult to cut good slices off of larger blocks of cheese . with smaller cheeses , they cut just fine . 
do n't know . amazon database has me confused with someone else . not one of my purchases . 
the ice pop makers are produced to the highest standards and the factory is actually approved by disney , olympics and coca cola among others , to produce top products . thie above statement is from seller- i 'm not sure where they are made 
you could as long as he plans to eat it soon . i would put plastic bag around it so his other stuff in the lunchbox do n't get wet . 
the tops lids do not turn white , but the tubes do . i checked all 4 of the tubes and each one turns white when you pinch or twist them . 
actually everything i make usually has more of a runny consistency as with thicker things - find there are too many bubbles in the popsicle . when i did try something thicker , i scooped it with a spoon and kept tapping the bottom of the mold against the counter to flatten it out . 
hi , i bought a few sets of these popsicle molds as they are amazing ! each mold holds about 3.5 ounces ( this is with leaving a little bit of space from the top for the lid ) . you can fill them as much or as little for a perfect popsicle each time ! enjoy , nala 
hi steven , you should have received it by email the day after your purchase . can you kindly check again and let us know if we need to resend it . thank you . 
i am not familiar with the specific brand you mentioned , but i did try crystal light lemonade in them . maybe it 's something about the crystal light ( which has no sugar ) , but i wo n't do it again . the popsicle makers are so big at the top end ( where the lid comes off ) , that what comes out is a huge solid brickbat thing , and i found them really difficult to attempt to eat . of course , that might just be me . i expected the entire popsicle maker to be about half the size it is . i 'm sorry to say that they 're almost obscene looking , at over 8 inches long , and i 've found them difficult to use for any kind of popsicle . 
no . also , they are easy to wash. i give them a quick rinse and put them in the dishwaher . 
no 
i 've used this rack for coats at our clothing outreach and right now i have well over 25 heavy coats on it and it 's has held up very well . hope this helps . 
yes . you need to snap off the top hanger and the two sides folds in flat for storage under your bed or on a hook in your closet . nice product . 
it will accommodate garments up to 61 inches long . it would be extended to its greatest distance , so i would n't recommend filling it up as it could collapse if it 's too full with all the wait 
sorry to be complex , but i do n't see how to make it simple . the rack at the base is 42 '' long by 22 '' deep . the upright poles at either end bow out to 49 '' ( total width ) . the overall length of the hangar rack is 51 '' ( not counting the extension rods ) . it is 70 '' high at its highest point . if you push the rack from the end into a closet , you need 22 '' width , 70 '' height , and 51 '' length . hope i have n't confused you . 
it would be tough to transport as the bars for the top rack are angled and long unless you kept the original packaging box . 
it can easily be used without the wheels and you 'd need approx 6 ft in height 
unfortunately , no . the manufacturer did not provide any covers ... 
the model that i received had extended on both ends . i was not a longer bar . 
i would say yes it adjusts to different heights and at lowest setting is still pretty tall 
height -8 inches depth-approx . 10 inches which includes knobs in the back to protect the wall 
inside dimensions are 11x8x4.5 
not sure exact but i have sitting on counter next to stove top and if it were flat against backsplash ( plug is up higher and does not impact ) it is about 12 '' depth wise . it does not go past the back burner . sits nicely on my small section of the counter . when door opens , it comes about to back of the front burner . hope this helps . 
it is 8 '' top to bottom , 15 3 4 '' left to right . it is 10 '' from front to back , and the door opening requires 6 '' more in front of the machine . 
works fine 
no 
yes 
the overall depth , including the handle , is 10-5 16 '' . this includes the 10 16 '' spacers sticking out the back that are there to ensure airflow at the back to avoid fire , and to wrap the cord around . if you removed those ( phillips screwdriver ) , it would be 9-11 16 '' . 
there is an element that goes lengthwise across the top of the oven and one that goes lengthwise across the bottom of the oven each has a deflector to radiate the `` heat '' while toasting and or top browning . to maintain even `` toasting '' color . i hope this answers your question . as for it holding four slices of bread it would hold four slices of small bread slices or two large deli slices of bread . all in all a decent basic toaster oven . 
width 9 1 4 '' depth 7 1 2 '' 
no it does n't come with mattresses . 
trundle needs a mattress that is fairly thin since the drawer is not deep . but you can use a thicker mattress on top , no restriction there . 
the daybed does not come with mattresses . when you go to the mattress store , tell them it 's for a daybed with a trundle because you do n't want an ultra deep mattress ... it would n't fit underneath . we really like the daybed so far . 
if you put one on each twin size mattress ... . 
no , 
not hard at all . it is a little easier with two people ( just to help hold things ) but can be done by one person . 
no 
no xl , just regular ; we are using a thicker mattress on top , less thickness on trundle 
it hold up my husband and i less than 300 lbs together 
i measure 77 1 2 '' of space . 
weight limit for upper bunk is 150 lbs . i do n't know of a weight limit for lower bed . it does have wooden slats in the frame , so no jumping or goofing around on the bed , or piling the whole family on top . 
14 inches ( measured from the sideboard to where the front of the ladder meets the floor ) . i suppose it could vary a little depending on the size of the queen mattress on the bottom bunk . my mattress is 12 inches and the ladder rests slightly on the mattress and completely flush with the floor . 
top bunk is 150 
it is a queen , it 's real nice and sturdy ! have n't had no problems & # 128512 ; 
we did not want to take up any head room by using a box spring so had a piece of plywood cut to fit at our local home depot . works great and will support any weight ! 
yes 
they should . you have to read the fine point . we almost ordered a regular twin . 
no , there are vertical wooden supports under the queen bed . 
hi , i put a standard queen mattress in the lower bed , it fits fine . yes the ladder can be moved or taken off completely , it 's not fixed to the bed , just hooks on . 
20.5 inches long ; 8 inches deep and 12 inches wide . they are adorable but not as sturdy as i had hoped . 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions are 20.5 '' x 12 '' x 9 '' . this information can be found in centimetres on the product detail page under the `` product description '' section . hope this helps 
it 's centimeters . 
cushion is okay . however , we bought it for the nice wood works in legs and frame and kept it as kind of a show piece . it is not the kind of furniture you would use for regular use . 
the top is tufted so depth ranges from 24 '' to almost 25 inches 
i do n't know 
it 's a very nice piece ... but we had to send it back three times because if was damaged . the boxing they put it in definitely does n't protect it . not puncture proof at all . but when we finally got one with minimum damage we kept it . we did n't want to go through all the bs again . hope that helps 
sorry for the delay . the interior measurements are 38 1 2 '' x 18 '' x 12 '' high . both sides measure the same 
lots of moving metal parts , a concern for anyone 
it will definitely match . it does look more black then brown . we plan on getting a black leather set in the future , and this will match . 
mine is dark brown . 
i installed them both . the wood legs go on the corners and wheels go inside of each leg hidden from sight . 
7in long , 4in wide . plenty of space for a typical stick of butter 
i would say yes and it is the best butter dish i 've ever had . a must get ! ! ! ! ! 
`` made in china '' 
china 
we use it on all types of floor surface and it works very well without creating any type of damage to the surfaces . 
great question sandra , this unit weights 15.1 lbs . 
i have no idea since our home has no shag carpets but it works well on all other type of carpets just by adjusting the height of the brushes . jim 
i do not have a cat , but i bet this will do great we have used it on new carpet and had to clean the filter every 5 minutes . 
we 've tried to address this several times however each kid i have do it looks down to bolt it to the ground and the next thing we know they 're gone . we 've even tried to get the old people who show up to complain to bolt it down however they say `` we wo n't fall for that again '' . good luck ... and do n't blink ! 
yes it can . it 's shipped folded and has a brace that opens up to hold it rigid . reverse the process and it will fold flat . 
i do n't think it would work well for a costume . it is not a 3-d image , it is a flat , 2-d image , just like the picture . 
yes it is inches . 
nope . however , it does not let you sink into it like you are used to with a pillow . i do use a thin pillow under my head - much thinner than the one i use when i sleep without the wedge . 
i use it it takes a little time to get used to ! i like it . 
i found that my foam pillow is not as soft as most `` foam rubber '' pillows but not as hard as the brand name gel pillows . i sink into mine enough to form pockets . i 'm 5'10 ' @ 185 lbs . hope this helps . 
not really . this picture is deceiving because the wedge is actually beneath the pillow in this picture . you still use your own pillow . 
i ask this question also . the pillow cases can not be purchased through the company that makes it . i have n't found any other pillow cases that fit it . 
thanks for posting your question , as this item is fulfilled by amazon , it follows our usual 30 day return policy- you can read more here : 
600 watts 
yes i think it is only for the 7l stainless steel bowl it is called `` dust cover accessory bowl '' 
julia , the double beaters can only be used in the smaller ( 3.5l ) bowl , and is suitable for very light and pourable batters . the double beaters are not suitable for heavy cookie doughs , such as chocolate chip or oatmeal raisin cookies , so we recommend mixing those in the 7l stainless steel bowl with the roller scraper attachment . regards , pleasant hill grain 
d , the smallest batch the ankarsrum would knead well is about a 2-loaf batch . regards , pleasant hill grain 
arleen , we offer a 220v ankarsrum mixer , however , it is only available in the color mineral white . you can find it on our website at www.pleasanthillgrain.com . regards , pleasant hill grain 
we only sell the 120v model . ankarsrum does make a 240v model , but it costs quite a bit more and typically is not sold in the usa . hope that helps , and please give us a call if we can help in any other way ! 9g health foods 205.202.9235 
armand , the ankarsrum original mixer is made in sweden . regards , kelsey layman pleasant hill grain 
hello , thank you for your email . you can whip one egg white in the poly beater bowl . have a wonderful day ! michelle 
i believe you will need to send the machine in to the manufacturer to have this serviced . the best thing would be to contact the seller you purchased the item from , and they will be able to provide you with the necessary steps and contact info for repairs . 
thank you for your interest on our product . each pole can hold up to 80kg and you can hang total 240 clothes . 
this product is not adjustable the width . and width is 126inch when it 's set up completely . however you can install 'l'shape . we have another product which is adjustable width . if you have any question , please let us know . thank you . 
yes the curtains are detachable . i left mine off but you can change them as well . 
you can adjust the height you want the rods to be so that you can reach without the stick if you 'd like . i personally leave it higher so i can use the bottom space for more storage room . hope this helps . 
i doubt it unless the ceiling is sturdy enough to hold a suction cup ... there is pressure on the top and bottom ( works like a shower curtain rod ) . 
yes 
in my opinions do n't think it will damage the ceiling . the rubber cups that attach to ceiling have two layers of rubber . the middle which i guess takes most if tension is soft with groves for traction . as far as the grip on a carpet . i have hdwd flrs so i ca n't based on experience but i do n't know if i would suggest that only because the carpet fibers can be unstable and if you happen to apply too much pressure on an area i would imagine that the weight of the poles would shift . 
yes it will , but 8 ' is the max . i have 9 ' ceilings and i had to use the option to purchase extensions from the company . then the provided curtain ( which surprisingly was n't bad looking at all ) was too short . no worries though any drapery will work . i love it and you do n't need any tools for assembly or installation . the floor to ceiling poles are spring loaded and may depress more after loaded with clothes , so make sure it 's tight to the ceiling floor to start . i have mine over loaded with clothing and it 's sturdy . i was a great purchase . it 's better than i expected for the price . hope this helps . 
dear customer , the size is 25x40cmx2,20x50cmx2,20x60cm . and usually , we need about 5-8 days to paint by our artist and it will take 5-10 working days to reach your door . please be well noted . best regards , unixtyle 
no . just a cheap wood frame 
as you can see , there are too many vendors ( `` artists '' ) who present different quality for choices , 
framed 
the size for this painting is : 25x40cmx2,20x50cmx2,20x60cm ( 10x16inchx2,8x20inchx2,8x24inch ) best regards , santin art 
i did n't like the product bc its not what i thought it was going to be . never had it out of the pkg . 
no . there was no detail to the picture i received . the moon was not as bright and was not defined ... fuzzy lines . the water colors were just different brush strokes of highs and lows with a bit of a darker sky . hard to see defining line between water and skyline . and barely a resemblance of a moon reflection . it looked like something i would have done in sophomore art class myself . you do not get what is pictured . 
what sort of question is that . if you have a complaint report it . mine was in fine shape 
it takes up about 4 feet long of wall space and height 2 ft 
mine only came with the fabric . i had to mount them on foam board . 
hello michele , i would be glad to answer your question . the x01-ctc does support the reverse osmosis upgrade ( ro ) . thank you , bottleless direct customer care 
hello michele , i would be glad to answer your question . the height from the spigot to the platform is about 7 inches . the height from the spigot to the countertop is about 11 inches . thank you , bottleless direct customer care 
hi maria , the filters need to be changed once a year for a home or small business usage . for a medium sized business ( 10 or more employees ) , you 'd typically change the filters twice a year . the cost for both filters is $ 49.95 . they are being put on amazon in the next several days . they were waiting for new product photos . you will be able to buy them when it 's time to change the filters for sure . thank you . 
hi matthew . yes - it hooks up right to the water that 's already in your home or office . it comes with the installation kit and instructions . you can see more on our company website . thanks . 
yes , it is . 
they are standard cases 
no , but the top sheet has elastic on the bottom corners , similar to a fitted shert . the top corners that go at the head pf the bed are flat . most beds at the front of the newer campers will have about a two-foot overhang at the foot , so this helps to keep things neat and tidy . i would highly recommend these sheets . 
hi ! these have an fitted flat . they are n't attached to the bottom sheet but are elasticized around the foot of the bed so that they stay tucked . thanks , jennifer 
no more than regular sheets in the house . 
if you are putting an additional 4 '' memory foam on top of your regular mattress this fitted sheet will not be deep enough . i have a 1 '' memory foam on top of my regular mattress and it just fits , there is no extra depth that would allow for the 4 '' foam . 
im sorry i can not answer your question . i only have had a chance to use them on the mattress that came with the rv , i have a sleep-number 
i used in a class c queen bed and they were perfect . also used on queen couch air bed . also perfect because nothing to really secure them to so they do n't come out at the bottom 
no , fit corners like a regular bed . 
i have been using it for the past 3 months . i run it daily to grind spices and run it once or twice a week to make idli dosa batter . no problems so far . 
no need of adapter . it comes with the plug which fits in us sockets and it is very good mixer , cant compare with any other brand or model . i am loving it . i gave 5 star rating . 
agree , i am also facing same issue . every customer who bought the butterfly mixer is facing same issue . why do n't they come with solution and every one is suggesting to go for different brand like preethi mixer , etc ... . 
i wo n't recommend this one from my experience . this model is not worth for the money you pay . try to find a different model 
no 
1 year 
yes . it works fine . 
yes . once the motor cools down , it will reset and work again . 
it 's very easy . for the small jar there are two inlets to the jar and the lid . if you align them , it 's easy 
i had exactly the same complaint about my old pillow , and exactly the same dilemma as yours : which height and firmness i should specify for the new one . i 'm also a ( mostly ) side sleeper . i believe the `` right '' answer will end up being a matter of personal preference . what worked for me may not feel right to you . that said , here 's my experience : i rolled the dice and ordered the high and firm pillow . i unpackaged it and thought `` this thing is too big and hard '' but i followed the manufacturer 's reco and let it sit , unused , for a couple of days . then i gave it a try and i found it to be perfect from day one . 19 months later , i 'm still loving the pillow . 
i use it for sleeping on my side . i guess you need to decide how high you are comfortable having your head when you lie on your back . 
there are different lofts high loft is pretty high , you can get it in firm or plush both are same height approx 5 1 2 inches tall . low loft is approx 3 1 2 inches tall . 
i do not recall , but it sounds like it has already been opened . 
yes . when i lay down on it i get that feeling . and the plus side is that the pillow has never bunched up and felt really flat like a feather pillow does . you might want to see if they have a medium loft type pillow . 
i think it is about 6 '' for the high loft . 
it 's going to depend on your definition of too firm . i do n't think it 's especially firm , but it 's not soft and squishy either . i got the thicker version , but you might want to go with the thin version . 
i 've noticed that the silver metallic ones do n't last very long and start sticking , making it impossible to pump with just 1 hand . the colored ones last longer and i have n't had a problem with them . i would contact the seller and ask about a replacement . 
it is possible to leave the suction cup out and try to have gravity set the bottle down . however , i would not advise such an action , it is part of the design due to the pressure you need to push down the pump for the soap . the suction cup keep the bottle in place so you would not fight to get the foamy soap out . 
i 'm not a plastic expert , but the bottom part is very clear like glass , probably a polypropylene . the top is softer , a little like hard rubber . the base is a typical large rubber suction cup . i love this thing in my kitchen for dish soap . the measure markings on the side make it so easy to fill with soap and water . 
no . hard plastic . good product . saves much $ on soap . 
both , blessedly . and you can also set alarms for each ! a truly excellent system . 
they are about 3 feet long , which is plenty for my situation . however if you find they are not long enough they do make some that are 6 feet i believe . bad part is you ca n't get those in the package from the beginning . its something you would have to buy extra . i just put a little cheap table next to my smoker and that works great . 
yes it will 
http : www.amazon.com gp product b00684zynk ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 these are 6 footers ... .that can work in both the oven , grill and smoker ! 
the cord is for the probe that goes into the meat . its wireless in that the 2nd unit allows you to be far away from the probe unit . 
it was red , , normally they are white . 
very small phillips head screwdriver 
box says made in china . 
im sorry no international shipping 
yes it does 
here is the link for the manual for belle nutripro from manufacturer 's webpage . http : www.bellahousewares.com uploads user_manuals bella % 2013695 % 20nutripro % 20cold % 20press % 20juicer , % 20stainless % 20steel % 20im.pdf it goes as following `` ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .important safeguards when using electrical appliances , basic safety precautions should always be followed , including the following : 1. read all instructions before using appliance . 2. the cord to this appliance should be plugged into a 120v ac electrical outlet only ... ... ... .. '' i hope this answers your question . 
i stopped using this monster and got a nija . wo n't do pure juice , but clean up is a breeze , the fiber is fine with me . the bella was a nightmare to clean , the screen in my juicer blew out , the blade sticks and it is a job to free it . here is the parts address i found , but i would n't wast a dime on trying to get mine fixed . what a waste of 200 bucks : customer service number address 1-866-832-4843 1175 place du frere andre montreal , quebec h3b3x9 
10-12lbs 
no idea . if you find out , let me know too . i need a gasket 
yes 
yes it comes with the recipe book but not sure about the 4-day juice infusion plan or the juicing color wheel and to go cup since i returned this after a day or two since it was too messy and could n't juice carrots and other veggies as good as i would like it . 
it juices greens just fine , this is where it excels . it works much better than centrifugal juicers where your greens will get caught up in the blade instead of getting juiced . so far i 've tried wheatgrass , spinach , beet , celery , and carrot greens and all did great . only a cold press juicer can do a decent job with greens . 
i purchased it for my mother and have n't measured it but it looks large .. easily fit half an apple in there whole carrots etc 
no ! the `` express '' is a cheap copy cat version ! do n't purchase it . i mistakingiy purchased 2 and tried to return them . steve , manager was rude and argumentative . i ended up purchasing the real authentic smart living steam mop ! ! ! worst online experience of my life ! ! ! 
because the express is a cheap copycat version of the quality smart living steamer- mcs are crooks . 
i never needed to get replacement pads as my steam mop broke after only using it 3 times 
from what i understand you can ! it depends on where you bought your mop . call ocean sales who are the real smartliving steam mop folks and ask who your nearby distributor is or ask for other options to buying more ! i think when i bought my recent one at the puyallup fair they were about $ 10 for 4 but do n't quote me . 
you can buy additional pads on amazon . 
yes we can . we will also sell two for $ 150 
it depends on the finish on your hardwood floors . we have a coat of polyurathane on ours that is quite old with bits of the real wood exposed . the steam mop did n't work on our floors because it `` lifted '' more of the polyurathane off the floors . i was not real pleased with this `` newer '' version of the smart living mop . it does n't work as well as the old one i had and i was unable to return it to the company . i 'm stuck with it and will make the best of it but would n't recommend it . good luck . 
from end to end at its smallest is about 3 inches . i do not know if it will work for kids . i got it for my 16 year old shoes . 
i opened mine up to the widest width ( that will still hold ) and it measure about 4 1 4 inches wide . hope that helps . 
i believe it would , i tried this to stretch a pair of peep-toe pumps . however , i did not like it because it did not stretch evenly ; left `` bumps '' in the leather . ended up using shoe stretcher spray and a thick pair of socks which worked better . 
i used them on a pair of leather sneakers , right at the widest part of the foot , and they worked great . had to use them a few times to get the best results . but scratch up the plastic , set them to the width you need , jam them in and you 're golden . i also found rubbing some alcohol on the spot and laying them by a heating outlet helped . really , they were a bargain . 
i have not effectively used these to stretch the front of the shoe yet . i am not sure if these work at all , without re-fashioning them somehow ( i.e filing down the sides , as mentioned by other reviewers ) . not recommended , personally speaking . 
that 's exactly what i 'm using it for . so , far its has eased the discomfort due to the fact that i have wide feet . 
save your money -- get the wood shoe stretchers -- -just type in wood shoe stretchers in search box- 
if you can get it the right position and keep it there it might work 
i do not think it will expand wide enough to stretch a boot shaft . 
i used them for my faux leather boots . not sure how they 'll work on others . by the way , i used them for the 5th time and the metal broke on the stretcher . i would n't recommend these for long term use . 
i do't want this pots do not send me them please . 
i believe it is made in japan 
the holes are about 1 4 inch across 
yes it does work on induction cook top 
yes , i figured paying for an all metal quality pump made more sense than the plastic junkers that break , i have 4 kids , we break everything that is n't well built , and some stuff that is . 
i am not the seller . 
it 's another color . it is an actuall mason jar lid . no way to have copper lid looks nice in my bathroom at the cabin . 
1 2 inch 
i do n't see why not ! it 's not quite big enough not to prevent flour from getting all everywhere if you 're messy like i am , but it seems like it would be good . very smooth , even surface . : ) 
it is great for cooking with on grill . it retains heat well . cleaning is an issue tho 
the stone came wraped in a plastic package inside of a box . very happy with stone . use it a lot and no problems as of this date . 
i 'm pretty sure you can use it on the grill because the website shows pictures of the stones on a grill . http : store.sparqhome.com products ? c=98 & g=270 i 'm not sure what temp , though ! sorry . : ) 
i let the stone heat up in the oven and slide the pizza , calzone or whatever onto it . the quality and tastiness of almost any kind of dough or pastry filo crust is greatly improved when baked on this hot stone . this is the same technique you can see at many restaurants that have stone ovens for baking pizza etc . the stone surface is always heated first before adding the food . 
a half inch in thickness . the packaging of the item for shipment was the deal breaker for me . the stone arrived broken and was returned . 
yes , it has an automatic shutoff or shuts off if the pan is removed . 
and the answer is ... ... .11 and 3 8ths inches wide , 13 inches deep and 2 and 5 8ths inches high . the diameter of the cook surface is 8 inches . 
it is a more functional cooktop with timer and more varying ranges of temperature over all a much more efficient model . but the 1700 is just a basic cooktop . still a good model . 
i use my wok on my induction top , the heat spreads evenly around . you could also try a metal ring to make it more sturdy . bon appetite 
must use stainless that is magnetic.most stainless is not . 18 12 stainless ( most common ) is not 20 14 ? is . most cookware is not usable on induction . those that are are usually clearly noted . when shopping take a magnet . if it sticks to the cookware it will work 
i use it more like a heat level setting 10 being the highest . meaning 10 heat up food the fastest . 
hi . yes . it makes a bit of a squeal . and varies with different cookware . but nothing too loud or obnoxious . i think it 's normal for this type of cooktop . 
probably 4-5 minutes 
seems not . 
it is rated at 1300 watts which is plenty . it performs very well . 
i measured 2 7 8 inches 
do n't know . it 's well made though . i 've had two of these , in different sizes . be sure you do n't put them in water until they cool down though . they will crack , which is how i lost one . to tell you the truth , i automatically assume everything is made in china now . i am right more often than wrong about that . 
this seems to be glazed cookware . as a rule glazed ware is not glazed on the bottom . 
it is better at keeping cold drinks cold , but it will keep coffee hot for hours . beware of opening though , it may squirt a few hot drops out of the straw due to pressure build up . the regular thermos containers without straws are a better purchase for hot drinks . 
yes ! my son uses . it fits both regular cup holders and car seat cup holders 
the only material that could potentially be scratched off of this container might be the `` thermos '' lettering that you see at the bottom of the container . other than that , nothing can be scratched off . i have one of these containers for each of my kids . this one is for my middle school child and has worked wonderfully . they keep the beverages very cold . ice is still present when we clean them out at the end of the day . the other big sell for me is that they do n't leak . i wo n't use any other containers in lunches for fear of soggy sandwiches ! highly recommend . 
it is like straw cup 
you have to call the customer service number . 
no ... .thermos brands dont sweat they are double insulated . 
call their customer service # , you 'll be able to order over the phone , i was able to order 5 of the 12oz straws for $ 8 with shipping . 
my bottle holds 16 oz ! 
made in china 
f401 is the only number i found on the lid . 
yes . do n't worry . 
i only tried warm water ( not hot ) because it contains plastic parts . for the warm water , i feel 5-6 hours it can keep the temperature . of course it is related to the environment temperature and how warm the water you input also . 
no , it does't sweat . you can safely set them any where . we have about 15 of these bottles in the family , and we all love them ! ! add a few ice cubes and it will stay cold all day . ca n't say enough ... .nice things about these bottles . 
i would n't use it for hot beverages myself , though it would certainly keep them hot . the problem is , it uses a straw , not a `` sippy-cup '' style spout , so it would be very easy to burn your mouth badly . also , though the mouthpiece is silicone ( and thus would be fine with even the hottest drinks ) , the straw is ( bpa free ) plastic , and i 'm not sure how well it would hold up to heat . 
we only use this for water . where the straw bends , can develop residue very quickly and difficult to clean . 
the opening is about 1 1 2 inch across . i would n't suggest using it for anything other than a liquid however because of the straw used for drinking and the cover has the opening for that straw , so it would n't really be suited to anything other than a liquid . 
no , the opening is wider in the new thermos . 
china 
yes , it is.it 's for a big kid 
i 'm sorry i ca n't understand you 
paring : 7 '' w 3-1 2 '' blade and larger 11 '' w 6 '' blade 
according to a wusthof youtube video , the wusthof precision edge technology ( petec ) is a method of sharpening the knives that is used on all wusthof knives at the factory . the examples shown in the video are using wusthof classic knives . yes , this video shows that these knives use the petech technique for sharpening the knives at the factory . you can find this video if you google wusthof precision edge technology . 
do not know , but i have had my first larger chef knife 6 years and it is in perfect condition . i do n't put in dishwasher though . 
they came in a container that was n't reusable for a long period of time . the bottom is plastic with velvety like material that the knives fit into . the top was transparent plastic that i threw away . i put the bottom portion in my utensils drawer and keep the knives there so they do n't get all dinged up ( i have a very wide utensils drawer ) . 
sorry but not sure - but these are awesome knives - very much worth the money - very sharp 
thay would be problematic . just put the whole thing in freezer . freeze the top separately and when the frozen dessert is done , put in immediately cover and freeze . 
yes they will . i am very pleased with mine - i have three but would like to send for me although postage to england is not cheap . 
it fits snugly . try turning it around , it fits one way better that the other . 
it holds between a quart and a half gallon . i use a quisinart ice cream maker , and whatever amount i get from that is what i put in the tovolo . 
yes . that is actually all we have used it for , homemade ice cream . it is a wonderful little storage unit . i have purchased several more for christmas gifts this year . 
yes . it says bpa free on the packaging . 
the interior of the insert is 3 inches wide . the exterior width of the entire tub is 4-1 4 inches . 
ive hsd done in it for over a month and it still good . 
i 'm not sure re the item you mention . it is not part of the mixer package to my knowledge . but to answer your question , no wire guard is needed . this mixer is wonderful ... a real workhorse . i am still thrilled with it after a year . i have a home baking business so it gets used 24 7 ! it was a great purchase for me ! 
yes ! it is a great mixer 
i 've had 5 pounds of bread dough in a batch and it looked like it could handle more . 
yes 
i had bought another kitchenaid mixer which had one year warranty like this one but when i send it for replacement kitchenaid took 4 month and i was still on hold for replacement finally amazon replace it for me . this one i have had no problem with it so far . 
it 's standard to us electrical . not sure what nz electrical is like 
no we do n't and we only ship out within the us mainland . thanks 
it 's just shy of 17 inches tall . 
i 'm sorry i do n't know since my 6-qt was the turn style and not the push on style . but i can tell you the 8 qt works great ! also please do invest in the new ( separate ) beater for the 8 qt ... it really scraps the bowl clean on each rotation ... the new rubber edged beater . 
i do believe that they are the same . 1.3 h.p . dc motor which is i understand it uses a gear drive mechanism . believe it or not the next step up is a hobart 5 qt . mixer with a 1 3 h.p motor . i am not sure why the motors are rated like this . last i knew the hobart used bely drive and still has to be turned off to switch gears of which there are only three . it will however low through just about anything without complaint all day every day . bagel dough is one of the hardest doughs on a mixer . i would n't recommend using this as the primary mixer in a bagel shop , but other than that the hobart 5 qt . is a classic beast of a machine and you will find that the 3 speeds are all you really knead : ) the only issue is the cost . you can buy 3 kitchen aid mixers for the price of one hobart 5-quart . so i guess it would all depend on what you do with the mixer and how often you do it . hobart mixers go up in size to the point where you could fit a person in the mixing bowl . even though the kitchen aid says it is `` commercial '' it is n't really when put up against the same size of hobart mixer ( same manufacturer , hobart corp makes kitchen aid ) . so decide on how much money you want to spend and get the hobart if you can do so without putting to much strain on your pocket , you will not be sorry . i have used them in commercial kitchens for 30+ years and they are the standard by which all other mixers are measured . although other manufacturers make soma great mixers to be sure , it is my opinion that there is nothing like a hobart mixer for function and day in and day out durability . hobart 's are also easy to get parts for and fix if some does ever go wrong . you can also look into used refurbished hobart 's without much worry as to their ability as long as they are bought by a certified hobart reseller or someone you trust and who knows the history of the machine . best of luck and happy mixing ... 
to the brim , each square holds 4oz . 
i have both the brambleberry and this freshware mold as well . for soap making , the brambleberry mold has better support and the bar shape turns out nicely . the freshware mold bows out and the sides are rounded . hope this helps . 
the cavities fall just short of the 2x2x2 by 1 8th of an inch . to be clear , each side measures 1 and 7 8th inches . hope that helps . 
yes they are the same . 
cavity size : 2-inch x 2-inch x 1.9-inch 
a little over 1 3 cup if you fill it to the rim 
yes 
i do n't have multiples but these are straight sided cubes meaning the top of the cube is same as bottom . generally straight sided items are n't stackable nesting . that said , these are soft silicone . you could push them together i am sure . i just do n't know if that would cause damage to the mold long term . 
i did n't use these for brownies that are baked . i used them to make raw brownies that i make using dates , coconut flour , cocoa powder and coconut oil that i process in the food processor and then add chopped walnuts to before molding them . i normally roll these raw brownies into balls , but i thought i 'd try using this pan to make them into more of a traditional shaped brownie . this pan did n't work well for that . the squares are very deep and it was hard to pop the raw brownies out of them . i 'm not sure how it would work with baked brownies . probably much better because i would think the baked brownies would release easier than the raw brownies did . sorry i could n't give you a more direct answer to your question . 
we use them in our restaurant . i have got any issue yet . 
yes , we use it for crusty bread as well as soft sandwich loaves and it is really awesome for both . better than my expensive wedding gift knives 
i 'm sorry , i am not able to tell , given the nature of the design . if it is , it is fully covered . in my expensive chef knives i always buy full tang . however , at this price i was n't concerned . i love the knife so much i own two and have given several as gifts . both of mine are used daily , sometimes on difficult-to-penetrate foods . they have held up to everything , have maintained their sharpness , and look brand new . 
ive had mine for about a year now , no issues what so ever . i also am bad about leaving it in a sink full of wet dishes . i liked mine so much i bought one as part of a gift for my father in law . i hope this helps ! 
yes - this knife truly cuts even a hard crusted bread beautifully . you ( in my opinion ) can not go wrong here . 
zyliss is a swiss company . i believe all their products are manufactured there . 
it was sent as a gift . sorry i ca n't help you . 
i 'm not sure what type metal it is , but it is coated with some sort of material , perhaps teflon like , that covers the entire blade . 
oven capacity should be 13 1 2 in wide by 13 1 2 in deep by 9 in high . [ microwave ] 
servings minutes 1 12 2 14 3 15 4 16 regular spaghetti water line 1 2 3 4 per serving measuring hole # 1 # 2 # 1 + 2 # 2 + 2 per serving cook uncovered . after cooked , place lid on cooker . using handles , remove from microwave . firmly grip handles and lid to drain . hot 
only purchase fasta pasta if it states `` sold by amazon , shipped by amazon '' . company that manufacturers product in the usa is selling directly to amazon . read warnings on their wedsite fastapastacooker.com about knockoffs from china . 
it 's the same , but there 's a pasta cooking chart that comes with it ... .tells serving size , water level , and cooking time . it 's for many types of pasta , spaghetti , linguini , fettuccini , lasagne , macaroni , shell pasta , egg noodles . i like this pasta cooker , unless i 'm cooking a very large amount . 
you could but i 'm not sure i would . i 'm not sure how long it takes to cook corn in the microwave , if its like 13 minutes you should be alright . 
the problem i can see , is that fresh pasta would tend to stick to itself , and that 's why you use a lot of boiling water during cooking to prevent that . this does n't use much water and it works fantastically for dry pasta , you could try it for fresh , but i do n't recommend it . 
yes , i use it to cook rice more often than pasta . they provide instructions on their web site for cooking all sorts of foods . i have cooked both white and brown short grain rice using their directions and it works beautifully . 1 cup short grain white rice + water fill level ii + 17 minutes cooking . 1 cup short grain brown rice + water fill level iii + 28 minutes cooking . they also provide instructions for medium and long grain rice . 
the same , my wife loves it . we have pasta more now because , no pots no strainer . the other brand is 27.00 and the woe rks the same 
yes it is bpa free , from their site , `` q. i 'm concerned about the dangers of using plastic to cook in the microwave . why is fasta pasta safe ? a. made of bpa free fda approved microwave safe material . the material used to manufacture fasta pasta is really a polypropylene copolymer and surpasses fda approval for contact with food in the microwave . it also surpasses the more stringent european specification for food contact while cooking . this is a special resin that will not leak gaseous toxins at high temperatures and classified by the fda as approved for food contact while cooking . this material is more expensive than food storage plastics . most plastic storage containers are not for microwave cooking . they are made of fda approved plastic for food contact and intended to be used for storing food , not cooking . '' . 
there is a recipe in their cookbook for one that uses a box mix . i have n't tried it yet . 
oven capacity should be 13 1 2 in wide by 13 1 2 in deep by 9 in high . [ microwave ] 
servings minutes 1 12 2 14 3 15 4 16 regular spaghetti water line 1 2 3 4 per serving measuring hole # 1 # 2 # 1 + 2 # 2 + 2 per serving cook uncovered . after cooked , place lid on cooker . using handles , remove from microwave . firmly grip handles and lid to drain . hot 
only purchase fasta pasta if it states `` sold by amazon , shipped by amazon '' . company that manufacturers product in the usa is selling directly to amazon . read warnings on their wedsite fastapastacooker.com about knockoffs from china . 
it 's the same , but there 's a pasta cooking chart that comes with it ... .tells serving size , water level , and cooking time . it 's for many types of pasta , spaghetti , linguini , fettuccini , lasagne , macaroni , shell pasta , egg noodles . i like this pasta cooker , unless i 'm cooking a very large amount . 
you could but i 'm not sure i would . i 'm not sure how long it takes to cook corn in the microwave , if its like 13 minutes you should be alright . 
the problem i can see , is that fresh pasta would tend to stick to itself , and that 's why you use a lot of boiling water during cooking to prevent that . this does n't use much water and it works fantastically for dry pasta , you could try it for fresh , but i do n't recommend it . 
yes , i use it to cook rice more often than pasta . they provide instructions on their web site for cooking all sorts of foods . i have cooked both white and brown short grain rice using their directions and it works beautifully . 1 cup short grain white rice + water fill level ii + 17 minutes cooking . 1 cup short grain brown rice + water fill level iii + 28 minutes cooking . they also provide instructions for medium and long grain rice . 
the same , my wife loves it . we have pasta more now because , no pots no strainer . the other brand is 27.00 and the woe rks the same 
yes it is bpa free , from their site , `` q. i 'm concerned about the dangers of using plastic to cook in the microwave . why is fasta pasta safe ? a. made of bpa free fda approved microwave safe material . the material used to manufacture fasta pasta is really a polypropylene copolymer and surpasses fda approval for contact with food in the microwave . it also surpasses the more stringent european specification for food contact while cooking . this is a special resin that will not leak gaseous toxins at high temperatures and classified by the fda as approved for food contact while cooking . this material is more expensive than food storage plastics . most plastic storage containers are not for microwave cooking . they are made of fda approved plastic for food contact and intended to be used for storing food , not cooking . '' . 
there is a recipe in their cookbook for one that uses a box mix . i have n't tried it yet . 
it 's 35 1 2 in , i also modified mine and added a extra shelf , intermetro 14-inch by 36-inch chrome wine shelf my friends just love it whne they come over , uses a second unit for microwave coffee brewer with cups hanging off top shlef 
yes , there are six , separate and easy to use hooks included . 
no but so easy 10 min 's tops.i 'm very happy with item.have a good day christi 
yes the feet are ajustable 
no . the way the shelf is it would not work . but i urge you to buy a diff one or stain the board immediately . 1 drop of liquid will ruin it ! 
no tools needed . all snaps together . very sturdy . very happy with it . 
sure seems like chrome to me ... 
i do n't see why not . 
here are the dimensions as listed in the item description . hope that helps : solid 35 '' w x 13.5 '' d x .5 '' h bamboo surface : complete with water trough and fully removable for easy cleaning and use ecostorage finish represents eco-friendly production where no toxic chemicals are released into the environment during the production of this product 3 consumer-grade 36 '' x 14 '' shelves : 250 lb . weight capacity per shelf 1 consumer-grade 36 '' x 7 '' cantilever shelf : 25 lb . weight capacity per shelf includes 1 hanging bar with 6 hooks 
yes you can adjust the middle shelf to any height you want or leave it out all together . 
i think it 's the same thing as refurbished . for some reason these failed qc or were returned to the factory , were fixed and are getting sold back . i almost always buy refurbished because the item is cheaper and has been tested better than a regular item . the blender came factory packaged seemed brand new and works perfectly , i 'm pretty happy with it . 
750 watts equals 1 horse power for the breville . 
i do n't think so but i do not know for sure . mine lasted less than a year and i was very disappointed . i would recommend against buying refurbished . i certainly wo n't do it again . i bought a cheap oster to replace it and it works just fine still going strong . 
i do n't know of any power mixer that is quiet , but compared to my vitamix and the osterizer i replaced it with , my breville is considerably quieter . it is solidly built which reduces the high pitched scream the osterizer had , and it is less powerful than the vitamix which has a larger , louder motor . 
6 month warranty . 
is there a waranty with this product 
yes ! ! it does 
does pretty good on everything minus herbs and juicing soft fruits ( like strawberries ) . you get some juice but a lot of waste . most hard fruits and vegetables do amazing . 
yes 
yes 
it 's 1 inches long 
one was used and repaired ( rm ) but works just as good 
mine came with a 6 month warranty . i believe the new model that i looked at came with a one or two year warranty . confirm the warranty with amazon first . 
they just press in its greate 
battery powered . 
yes it does come with the jars . i purchased for my wife to use for her spices and she loves it 
they rotate around with labels facing forward , works very well . 
dimensions are 11 '' x 11 '' . if you have an old one , like we did , you wont have to drill any new holes . they still line up . 
very easy . the battery compartment is located in the middle of the spice rack . you do not have to take the rack off the cupboard . just take out some of the jars . start out with good batteries and you wo n't have to change them for a very long time 
the spice rack will hold 22 bottles ( included ) on an endless track , moving in either direction at the touch of a button . 
kitchenworksinc.com have 3 oz jars but i think they are glass and the lids are also sold separately . regular spice bottles that you buy spices in fit just fine so i do n't use many of the bottles that come with the rak . i have about 10-12 extra new ones if you want me to send them to you . 
it 's 10 7 8 inches wide and 11 1 4 inches deep . jars are 3 3 4 inches tall . unit height including jar height is 4 1 2 inches tall . 
yes , i have made ramen in mine at least 200 times since i have purchased it and it is still in great shape . 
3.5 min on a 1200w microwave 
if you want to put just regular kernels in there i suppose that would work . if you plan on putting a bag of microwavable popcorn into the bowl then absolutely not . 
if you are making converted rice , put in two cups of liquid to one cup of rice . ( i use chicken broth . ) program your microwave for 5 minutes on high , 13 minutes on medium , let stand for 5 minutes in the microwave , fluff with a fork , and serve . 
i do n't know why it would n't be . it 's well made . 
this is not meant to be a from-scratch cooking utensil . it is for heating soups and can also be used for reheating leftovers . you would end up with a disaster in your microwave if you tried to cook pasta from scratch in it ! 
there are four clips that attach the lid to the main boel . 
i always do just a bit . not sure if there are rules about when to do or not to do . 
i believe so . it 's made in australia . they have higher standards than us . 
go on utube and search for sistema microwave containers range , they have ideas . 
i sent it back because it came broken . it was n't very tall and i felt not worth what it cost . 
30 3 4 '' with both extension folded down . 
i am not for sure what the exact length is but very close to the size of a regular one . 
walmart 
i would think you could turn it around or stand behind it ( for a left handed person ) 
no additional cover-just the pad 
use hot water ; dissolved gases will be expelled and wo n't bubble when the water freezes . 
yes 
yes 
the ball is 4x4.5cm 
i believe the instructions say its dishwasher safe , but i could n't swear to that as i no longer have them . other silicone pieces ( cookware ) i own are dishwasher safe . i have washed the ice tray a few times in warm soapy water and its been fine . if the situation required me to throw it in the dishwasher , i would have no second thoughts about doing it . 
amazon has to approve an item for international shipping from their warehouses . we have applied for this and once it is approved we will be allowed to ship outside the us 
1 rinse 2 fill bottom half almost full . 3 press top half into bottom half gently . 4 slowly fill spheres through the small holes if needed . 5 pick it up keeping it level and cover small holes with fingers and spill excess water . 6 place on level surface in freezer . 7 when removing frozen ice balls , rinse first to make removal easier . 
china of course , but i could not find one made stateside , good luck . 
use warmer water , it will freeze slower allowing more air to escape instead of getting trapped . tiny trapped air bubbles is what makes the ice cloudy . you could also use distilled water instead of tap water 
the tray is about 2 inches deep by four inches long , four inches wide . i do n't have exact measurements , but can measure if necessary . 
yes ... organic seems to do the best [ i use trader joe 's ] with a little torni salted caramel syrup [ sugar free ] smooth and creamy froth . fyi : almond milk does nothing . 
hey shaun , the kuissential deluxe frother has a two year guarantee . if , for any reason , you are unsatisfied with your frother , simply let us know and we 'll refund or replace your unit ! all the best , team kuissential 
i fill the milk to the line indicated , turn on the button , and it gets hot and foamy all by itself . maybe your machine is defective ? 
sits on a base that 's plugged into the wall . 
malaysia 
i 've used the milk heater for hot chocolate . the unit stops before the milk gets burnt or changes colour . once you pour the milk , the unit will likely burn the remnants unless you pour a splash of cold milk to keep the burnt layer from forming or drown it with water . 
yes 
pretty quick , c. 1 minute . i get it started just before i start running the espresso machine , never have to wait much . 
no ! ! ! ! 
if you want foamy - about 1 2 a cup . if you want just heat with a little bit of foam - at least 1 cup to 1 1 2 cup . it is really quick and works good ! 
to be more accurate , the finished bullet ice cube is about 2 1 4 inch in length and 3 8 inch in diameter . the ice cube tray itself is about 7 1 2 inch in length and 3 1 2 inch in width . help it helps . 
hi vince , thanks for contacting us regarding your question ! it 's pretty easy to make bullet ice cubes using kitchenwave bullet ice tray : 1. place the bottom piece ( without tiny hole on each bullet slot ) of the ice cube tray on a table , fill it with water until full , slowly and gently put the top piece over it , then carefully lock all four latches ; 2. slowly move the locked ice cube tray into fridge , be sure to stay flat when doing this , do n't get water leak from the upside tiny holes , keep it in fridge for couple hours , that 's it ! hope you are satisfied with our answer , please enjoy our products with your family and friends ! best regards , 
hi mak212 , thanks for contacting us about your question ! it 's pretty simple to make bullet ice cubes using kitchenwave bullet ice mold : 1. place the bottom piece ( without tiny hole on each bullet slot ) of the ice cube tray on a table , fill it with water until full , slowly and gently put the top piece over it , then carefully lock all four latches ; 2. slowly move the locked ice cube tray into fridge , be sure to stay flat when doing this , do n't get water leak from the upside tiny holes , keep it in fridge for couple hours ; 3. take out the tray from the fridge , put it under running water for couple seconds , this will make it easier to unlock the tray . if you still can not unlock the tray because it 's too tight , you can try to use a regular slot type screw driver to open the locks quickly ; 4. once you remove the top lid , slightly squeeze the tray , now you are be able to get the beautiful bullet shape ice cube out from the tray ! hope you are satisfied with our answer , please enjoy our products with your family and friends ! best regards , 
no idea , but we do n't use it because it is too hard to load up & messy 
my wife tells me that if the countertop has been cleaned and dried , application of the jubilee according to its instructions will improve the appearance of the countertop . it wo n't remove stains . there are too many factors involved to state it will improve the shine to your satisfaction . 
yes , i use on marble ... it works beautifully 
i will list what is on the label , furniture , refrigerators , countertops , cabinets , laminated plastic , bathroom fixtures , chrome faucets , woodwork , vinyl , leather , plastic and ceramic tile . not for use on granite or stainless steel . i like it for all the rest of the list . 
it seems i read somewhere , and wish i could quote the source , that apparently the old formula had some chemical that the epa has banned since the original jubilee of the 50 '' s through 70 's . consequently , the new jubilee would n't be exactly the same , which may account for the milder scent . it still works just like the old jubilee . you might try doing an internet search of jubilee and find more specific info ... 
would not recommend for aautomobile . product was made fo home use i.e . furniture , appliance etc . 
i have never tried to use on stainless steel . however , from knowing a little bit from working around a auto detail shop using this on a stainless steel appliance would leave it streaked and i can tell you trying to get it wiped off to ale a shine i think would be very difficult . i believe i would check out using a push made for only stainless steel . a refg . is painted much like an automobile and a polish that 's made for enamel paint will only take the stainless sheen and destroy it . stainless steel does not have clear coat applied to it nor does it any type of enamel and a wax such as jubilee will do nothing but ruin the sheen of stainless steel . there are polisher for stainless such as never dull . 
my bottle of jubilee kitchen wax is white . maybe the yellow color was just a bad photo . 
i would not use it on floors one might fall since use would make wood floor slippery . i also would not use product n bottom of bath tub same reasoning . like this product for kitchen appliances and cabinets . 
i would think so . i have used it on the top of my stove , which is black , and it shines so much better . and it stays that way until of course i cook on it and something boils over ( which is often ) lol i also use it on my microwave which is black . this product is amazing ! 
not sure . it may do so for a while & then you 'll have to repeat it . 
super stable . i 've never had any issue w these . great product . 
i would try one first and see what , if anything , happens to it . they are great and i love them 
i believe they are , they do n't work well , so i would n't bother . 
2 pillow cases included but no skirt . king size perfect and excellent condition in bag . the color i bought not like it shows in picture but still match the rest of room decoration 
not really as it wo n't keep you warm ; but it is super soft and beautiful and works great for all seasons but winter 
static wise . there is a lot . on colours , i bought the dark tan version , so i would n't have any information on that . 
i washed it in my washer and it came out great . cold water 
i ordered the red king before christmas ; although i have a queen sized bed , i have found that some queens are a bit skimpy . the king was a bit big for my bed , but it worked for me . i do not know the dimensions , but that size should be adequate for a king mattress . the weight was not too heavy . i used only the top sheet , a light-weight synthetic comforter , and the bedspread for my winter cover . i am very satisfied with this bed set . 
the dimensions for the king comforter are 95 '' x 104 '' . there is no designated top or bottom so you can turn it length wise or width wise depending on how you want to use it . 
hi , edolia , the quilt set has three pieces . it consists of a quilt and two matching pillow shams in the same size . i hope this helps you ! cheers , j. lee 
adequate , simple clean look but elegant . 
greetings to you : the metal stem portion of the thermometer measures 4 3 4 inch . 
it looks like you are correct . for sure the tempeatures are reversed . i never noticed it . good eyes ! 
immediately . it will be displaying the ambient temperature and will start to escalate up to the temperature of whatever you are cooking as soon as you insert it into the product you are measuring . it takes a very short time to reach the actual temperature of the product . 
there is a small slot at the top of the casing that is easy to open with a small blade or screw driver or in fact , i can open it with my finger nail . once opened you simply take out the small button battery and replace it , then simply snap the top of the casing shut . there is also a little diagram in the instructions explaining how to change the battery . 
no 
first of all , may i thank you once again for choosing to shop with magic touches . we are committed to ensuring complete satisfaction for all our customers and are therefore eager to resolve any problems or issues with any of our products or services . i 'm sorry that i have only just seen your question on the product page and so i do apologise for the delay in answering . we do answer all questions sent to up by email always within 24 hours and so if you have any further questions or concerns , just contact us through your amazon account . from what you have said in your message , it certainly does appear that the product is faulty or has been damaged in some way that has rendered it unfit for use . the product has proved very reliable and a great asset to the barbecue enthusiasts tools and i do apologize for the disappointment you have experienced in this instance as amazon.com handle all our distribution and customer service for this particular product , i would urge you to make immediate contact with them , when they will send you a replacement or refund right away . they will also arrange for the return of the faulty item at their expense . if you have n't already done so please go to the following webpage and claim an immediate replacement item or refund : 
not that i know of . i saw nothing in the literature that said one could . 
i would not use this for deep frying . it is really for the meat temperature so i doubt it goes up to like 400 degrees that you would want to deep frying . you should have an oil thermometer and this for deep frying . the oil thermometer would attach to the side of what ever you have your oil in like a turkey fryer or stock pot because it will get really hot and you would n't want to handle it but will still want to keep your oil at the proper temp . this would be good for checking the meat temperature during the cooking process by lifting your meat out of the oil and checking the internal temp . 
i did n't receive a `` book '' with the thermometer . the `` barbecue temperature reference guide '' is part of the instructions which are actually printed on the packaging material . the instructions ( including the guide ) are listed on the reverse side of the cardboard backing piece . this cardboard backing piece is covered in a hard plastic front cover ( which secures the thermometer ) and the thermometer is packaged inside . 
it would be difficult . you would probably get burns as the thermometer is not instant and has no clip , etc. , to attached to side of any vessel . i have to pull items out of oven to check temp due to heat . 
no . as i have learned , this is a `` korean '' bedding style . there is no fitted sheet . the `` flat sheet '' is what you see there in the picture with ruffles and bows . i just got a regular sheet set to go with it , for practical purposes . i took the `` flat sheet '' that came with it and made some cut valances to go with the comforter and had plenty left over for me to make a blanket and pillow for her dolls bed to match hers . it is very cute . just know that you will also have to purchase a duvet insert . i was unfamiliar with duvets until i purchased this . still , it is adorable and my daughter loves it ! 
iam not sure . it is very well made ! ! i would reorder from them anytime ! ! 
yeah they sell different shapes of pillows .. i saw them one time on amazon .. but i do n't know about the curtains .. for my doughter room i bought with this set white ruffle curtains from j.c penney 
it is not a comforter , its a cover with no filling . i actually use it as a summer blanket because it 's thin . 
thanks for your question ! this item is only available in queen size , however according to a customer 's answer on another question it may be possible to use this with a full size bed . you can view that question and answer here : 
i do n't know i only ordered the bedding 
dear friend , you can bid this item and ''b00ec8wrmk '' this item , but please do n't worry , we will send you the x queen size bedding set with the matching throw pillows . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ok , dear friend , we see the order , it 's pending now , and do n't you want the matching pillows ? becz i did n't see you order the pillow item . 
dear sabrina ; here is the other throw pillow link , you can add it to your cart . http : www.amazon.com diaidi-rustic-decorative-pillows-decorate dp b00ec8wrmk ref=sr_1_5 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1376795641 & sr=8-5 & keywords=diaidi+throw+pillow 
dear mariyanne r ; we have the matching accessories like heart pillows , candy pillows , rectangle pillows . if you need it , we can make it for you . we have twin queen king size , it fit for 4 ft bed , 5 ft bed , 6 ft bed , please measure your bed , hope can fit for your bed . have a nice day best wishes ' yours ' diaidi 
i am using mine with a queen size bed . i am sure it will fit a full size as well . 
this is a cool spiralizer and it does a fantastic job of slicing vegetables into really long curly strands . i owned a paderno before but it was a lot more hassle for me to set it up for use then put it away ( i do n't have a large kitchen counter space ) . the brieftons is much more compact and works very well , and is sooo easy to put away into a drawer after use . build quality is great , looks like strong plastic and stainless steel . no problem here . hope this helps . 
very thin . i just did a cucumber for salads and it 's fabulous . i love this gaget 
i bought this item in march and received 3 quick recipes in the package i received . after that brieftons sent me an email with a link to download another 20 recipe ebook . these are really great recipes and from what i have seen can all be prepared using this spiralizer . 
i used the spiral slicer for zucchini on the smallest setting and i steamed it and it did not fall apart . also , i put it in soup and it did not fall apart . 
yes it can work well with firm vegetables like carrots , zucchinis , turnips , rutabagas , cucumbers , large radishes and more ... 
not sure ... did n't read package , but it work awesome . good product ! 
this one is about the size of your hand . 
yes the logo is visible on the metal sides . i have used it about a dozen times so far and it remains sharp and cuts well . 
not very wide . maybe 1 8 inch on the wider setting . 
i think the box is about 6 '' x 6 '' x 3 '' . 
according to the schematics for that machine there are two filters . the hepa filter is 4.99. i can sell the both of them for 6.99. please feel free to call me at 5713225005 . 
90 watt motor is all the ratings they give 
the brush is rotary and with the belt it all depends on the usage .. jason @ tidyvac.com 
it does not come with anything that can `` reach '' the height . it does have a crevice tool for sliding door tracks , edges , ect . that you could use if you are very tall . i can include a free 3 ' to 4 ' foot extension pipe . jim 
not completely , a canister with a hose is the answer , jim 
it has a brush with two settings ; one for floors and one for carpet . i 've recently figured out that the machine works much better if i clean the filter after every use and the pleated filter at least one per week . 
china 
it is like cotton with another material ... it came flat like a sheet , and you have to put inside another conforter and close the bottons . 
yes and no . the red is bright but when you choose a blanket to put inside it try to make it a white one or you will see another color through where the white is by the boys faces . my daughter loves it ! it does cover the other blanket well and stay in place with out the blanket inside of it getting all messed up . the bottom of the duvet cover snaps to keep everything inside it . 
yes . it came with 2 pillow cases also . my daughter loved it . 
it is a full size , not a twin , not a queen , but a full . 
full 
it does not come with fitted sheet . 
the colors is red . 
yes , it has fractions example : 0g 0.0oz . the lowest is 0.1 oz . let me know if you have any other questions . 
no 
no it does not . you have to get a `` jewelry '' scale for that 
6 inches wide x 8 inches long x .75 inches deep ( 3 4 inches ) . 
without getting a timer out and only using the clock on stove it came to about one minute or 60 seconds . hopefully this helps you . 
hello mary beth , these are manufactured in the usa . compare with other brands not manufactured in the usa and you will find they are more durable , better quality then that of the chinese made counterparts , and they are not manufactured with fillers , much like the chinese made cups . these are 100 % food grade silicone . to test for fillers in the chinese made cups , stretch the cup and you will see the the color turn white in the creases or bends . ours do not turn white because they are not manufactured with fillers . 100 % food grade silicone creates a better product all the way around . it is cheaper for the larger retailers and some online retailers to purchase off shore and ship state side . we chose not to follow that process and found a manufacturer that met our needs for silicone baking cups . we hope you enjoy their quality . - the quality indulgence team 
i through the packaging away but they did say made in america 
i 'm sorry , they were a christmas present for my daughter and she has thrown the packaging away . 
i have used this set every couple of weeks for the past year with no burning . they are in great shape ! 
yes . all three pastel colors come in the shipment . 
they are food grade , no problem there at all . been using them for years and so has a friend . idk re yorkshire pudding . read the specs online , not sure 100 % re how much heat they can withstand . 
yes . i put them on the top rack in a dishwasher basket and they come out great . but they are also super easy to wash by hand as well . hope this helps . : ) 
yes , i read the packaging very carefully . i love these for muffins and cupcakes . 
hi , they 're 2 3 4 in diameter and 1 1 4 in deep . those are the interior measurements . it 's the size of a normal cupcake . hope it helps ! 
we recommend no higher than 500 degrees fahrenheit . 
i have used it to knead bread dough , yes . if you 're going for an artisinal french bread or sourdough , any mixer is gon na over-knead it , and you 're best to use your hands . but , white bread , brioche , sweet doughs , etc . will be just fine . i used speed 1 . 
no . 
the mixer weight 12 lb is enough to mix 1 gallon 
no it 's a piece of junk i sent mine back did n't even have a 24 hours i would never buy this product 
its 110 volts . but i want u to know that i paid for bya 10 speed blender and received an 8 speed . false and misleading ad . this is a crying shame and i want a discount . dont buy 
i do n't think the is a good idea . i own a gallery for my experienced is not a good idea . 
its just adhesive on the back . like one of those wall arts from the dollar store . no frame or painting.the picture is also deceiving pictures are smaller . they are still nice 
it comes on a nice canvas , but it does n't wave a frame , looks just like the photos , just no frames . i bought frames for mine . 
mine came without peel off stuff . i tried my best , have my family and friends to try as well , and became a butt of joke on this . there was nothing to peel . there was absolutely nothing to peel . bol to you if you get this to peel . 
you can use the double sided tape . 
idk i have n't bout a frame for it yet cause u have basically customly get it sized 
if im not mistaken is 20x20 but wait until you get them so u can be sure . because they look huge . 
hi , if you want with framed , it will take 89 $ for it.thank you . 
hi , lakeisha , if you want with framed . please contact bythehear directlyb thank you . 
there should be a thin sheet of clear plastic paper on the back . its not noticeable but you can keep trying and it will come off . even after it comes off i still had to use glue to make it stay on the canvas . 
after checkout , just use the 'contact seller ' button to send us a message with your order number and the personalization you want and we 'll add it for you right away ! 
the whiskey barrel is currently out of stock until 7 9. once you place your order we will email you for your personalization . if you need the item rushed you will need to choose expedited shipping . 
amazon does not give us a way to get that information during checkout . please contact us at cust_serv @ fbys.com after you place the order with the personalization details . 
hi please send us your personalization through this email we can fit up to 2 lines and up to 10 characters per line . once we receive the order and the personalization , we will send you a confirmation email back . thanks ! my personal memories 
yes ! this is a 4 char barrel . 
that 's a good question cindie . i purchased the mattress but did n't check . i do have to say that this mattress is very comfortable . i was pleasantly surprised just how much we enjoy it . 
about 2 ' by about 6 ' long 
as far as i know it 's single density throughout ... but i 've been wrong once before . we replaced our 'custom ' inner spring with this and whatever the density , it is by far the most comfortable mattress we 've had so far , in fact we passed on our friend 's guest room bed to sleep in our coach parked on the street in front of their house . be sure to give it a full 72 hrs to expand before you sleep on it . 
hi there , i really do not know the technicalities of the mattress , but truly for the price it works well for us . we are happy with the product . sorry we do n't know more than a simplistic view from the price comfort perspective . 
not in rv right now so ca n't measure . it did for perfectly on my queen bed and is the best mattress we 've had in an rv . might get one for home bed . 
do not recall where product was made but it is made well . really nice mattress for the money . 
my experience tells me that it is a soft initial firmness with a deeper firmness under the top layer . so , firm with a soft pillow feel . 
yes 
i do n't have immediate access to my mattress . nevertheless , my understanding and previous measurements for all dimensions were very close to exact . 
yes , i remember having trouble finding this answer myself and had to go to the manufacturers site . here are the dimensions per their site . product dimensions : 75 x 60 x 8 inches ; 50 pounds . 
yes . set the time , let it run down until it beeps . when you hit the stop button it resets to the original set time . if you want to clear the set time , pres both the hour and minute buttons down at the same time and it will reset to zero . 
just tried it out and it keeps going until you shut it off . good little timer . 
i do n't think so . it would just say 0:00 ... i would assume you can take the battery out to preserve it ... . 
yes , the digits are very clear at angles as far as 70 degrees or more off axis , left or right , up or down . chef amori 
it beeps for 30 seconds . 
the alarm function ca n't be disabled . 
it can be set for 99 minutes and 60 seconds , or 100 minutes . thus it 's not a good overnight alarm clock but it could be set for naps . 
yes , with the time set to 0s press the start button and it begins timing counting up . 
yes , they do make a mild beeping noise when you press-to-set . only audible within the room that you are using it imo . personally , it 's the best timer that i have ever used . 
no 
i had the same question and could n't decide between teh 2 products , but i found the answer here : 
look carefully at the multi-page booklet that came with the gefu . pages 4 through 7 have two languages for each step of the instructions . the first step is german ? ? , then below it ( in less bold type ) , the instruction is in english . i also suggest you go online and search for the video of how to work the gefu slicer . i found it very helpful ... a video is worth a thousand words ! 
i do n't use but two of the settings , but they are what i bought it for . 
yes it can be washed in the dishwasher ... sometimes though bits of the vegetable gets stuck between the blades and i just use a brush to get it out . but it 's not a deal breaker or anything . this gadget is amazing ! i use it almost on a daily basis . i 've never eaten so much zucchini in my life ! 
not for me . i love my gefu spiralfix . 
i 'm not familiar w instantveg but i had to write to say how much i like this kitchen toy . i 've used many times now and never disappointed . it has a non-skid bottom which is very helpful . once you get the veggie in place , it works like a charm . the little things you have to remember about size , shape and placement are easy after a few tries . it cleans easily and gets the job done and boy do i love the spiral potatoes in my soup broths and home fries . cukes are more fun now in my salad and i 'm likely to eat more for some reason . i just really like this thing and have no idea if any other model is more or less useful . i 'm rambling ... .sorry : - ) 
it wo n't break . just open it and wiggle it up and it should come off . it might be a little stuff at first but it will get looser 
yes . the slicing mechanism would just have operate with the same clockwise handle rotation using your left hand - merely applying the same pressure and holding the gefu 's handle with your right hand . 
all parts are bpa free . 
you can remove the base , and then facing a large bowl stir , the base could be separated , if you think the volume of the base is too small , it can be split into several cut ! generally , a three stirring once is enough to use . 
contact the seller `` appliatech '' 
approximately 18.5 inches . 
it is loud . it was running inside the house and from 50 yards away while outside , with the door open , i could hear it plainly . not sure on low speeds , but on high speed it 's loud . 
it 's not as loud as my blendtec blender ... 
i do n't think so . this is a much bigger mixer and attachments are completely different . 
yes 
have n't heard of any yet 
difficult to be exact but approximately 13 inches high and 15 1 2 inches back to front . 
it says made in p.r.c . looked that up and it does mean made in peoples republic of china . 
yes , it is ! . 
i looked all over and was unable to find a manufacture date . i am sorry . i do want to reassure you that i use this oven just about every day and i still love it . it works well and saves on heating up the big oven on the range . 
yes , all the time ! it bakes it very good ! 
it has a standard plug like any other counter top appliance . it also has a convection setting . 
in the rotisserie function the convection is in operation also 
inner dimensions are 17.5 '' wide by 9 '' high by 12.5 '' deep . 
yes it is white . the dimensions are 24 1 2 wide by 14 1 2 deep by13 1 2 high . i may be a 1 4 inch over on each measurement . 
yes in fact wife bakes cookies in 16x11 pan all the time 
yes 
no . i have not found a need for it , for roasting i use the bake in bags . 
what are the exterior dimensions 
