i get that message only when i choose the ubuntu entry in the windows boot , grub 2 works perfectly
my window manager is lightdm
i m trying to install matlab using wine because ./install is not working . can you suggest me how to install matlab via terminal in ubuntu 12.04. thanks
jetbrains have implemented a fix in the eap version
no i did n't , i will try that out and report back , thank you for the reply !
i encrypted during install , so i 'm guessing the entire install .
yes , i have a config file on the client to use id_rsa_dropbear when connecting to this specific host . i have updated the original post to include the output of ssh -vv root @ serverip as you requested .
yep really no output . the command returns after about one second . exit code is 139. i 'll add that info to the question .
what should i do in this position to be able to boot newly installed ubuntu ?
yes , see above i wrote that in ubuntu 14.04 and 15.10 the disc can be removed with `` eject '' command or by using the menu in nautilus . eject works if you assign any key combination except for the 'eject ' button . in 12.04 the key 'eject ' just works without any additional settings .
`01:00.0 vga compatible controller : advanced micro devices , inc. [ amd/ati ] rv790 [ radeon hd 4890 ] ` ( i ca n't copy all ) '
- `ifup eth0` gives `error : an inet prefix is expected rather than `` 192.168.1.37/255.255.255.0 '' .` and `ifconfig -a` shows all devices ( eth0 lo wlan0 ) except the `` inet addr '' and `` inet6 addr '' lines are missing from all but the loopback block . also the wlan0 block has zeroes in the rx and tx areas , since i have it switched off .
- security updates , updates to system libraries like the mp4 codecs ... basically everything it normally upgrades except for user applications .
andoid_home is n't set . i tried `export android_home=/usr/lib/android-sdk` but actually i cound n't find any android binary package there , so this does n't work either . i hoped apt would handle setting path correctly , but it looks like there is no binary or i do not know where it is installed . i looked at launchpad and it seems this is a meta package . i do n't really know what this means though ...
muhnamana that repo it 's outdated , or at least it 's not downloading files , with a 404 error .
yes it was booting trouble free . the display drivers are just giving me trouble after some amount of use .
i tried secure boot , but apparently it still woud n't work , even after shifting the usb to the front of the boot queue . but i will look into the virtual machine , thanks .
[ screenshot for graphic card ] (
since for my internship program purpose i have installed ubuntu but i strongly support windows os for its ui.in ubuntu if a person not knowing lot much about computer sits in front of ubuntu will get more bored as compared to windows os.since i was trying to add that option in this too , yeah it was a habit @ muru.but trying to get rid of it .
yes . even sudo service apache2 stop then sudo service apache2 start , are not working
yes , still same problems in ubuntu 13.04
additional drivers . is that a problem ?
how do i attach the screenshoots here ? , im using googles chrome browser , i guess im using the default maverick cipboard manager as i havent customized ubuntu that much .
i did both , and i have got the solve . : )
will do , wo n't have access to a linux machine for about 8 more hours
yes . i 'm using jq to process the json . but the problem with this particular section is that the information i 'm seeking is deep within the object . using jq and grep , i got it down to this point . so now i 'm just trying to grab the filename so that i can ( 1 ) store it as a variable & ( 2 ) create a new file using that name .
from `lspci | grep 802` , i got nothing . from `lspci` , i got the following relevant output : 08:00.0 network controller : atheros communications inc. ar928x wireless network adapter ( pci-express ) ( rev 01 ) 09:00.0 ethernet controller : realtek semiconductor co. , ltd. rtl8101e/rtl8102e pci express fast ethernet controller ( rev 02 )
' : no , i 'm afraid not . i 've given up .
ctrl+shift+delete as always . also as i mentioned the history is n't deleted even with bleachbit .
yeah , without using cd command
i feel stupid , but how do i run it from a command line . / :
.i just remember we used a pen drive inserted in my processor to install it.please help
yes , sure i do have
acer timelinex 3820 ; i5 m460 ; radeon hd 5650
`11 configuration : driver=nvidia latency=0` `23 configuration : driver=i915 latence=0`
i want to extend my desktop to monitor 2
i follow the exact instructions on the command is phablet-flash i will try another version now
yes , not helped .
yes , i would really like that ( i did that to my previous computer ) but i do n't know for how long i will keep this one . i think that in a few months i will pass it to my girlfriend and she really does n't like linux .
it 's the latter that i use
i would love to see askubuntu implementing the ability to choose more than one answer . in this case , answers from titaniumtux and fragos are both similar to me and were posted at the same time .
yes , it 's installed and active .
hi , thank you for commenting . i managed to have a successfull telnet from my pc to the server . now the problem is in the -- access denied for user blog @ myipprovider.com ( using password : yes ) -- ( i dont know if i should not start a new question - it is getting a bit messy here )
edited : let 's make an example : there is an addon in fcitx , after we add words ( something like `` smile `` ) at `` ~/.config/fcitx/data/quickphrase.mb '' , we type `` smile '' , it comes out `` '' . i want the same thing but more than a word , i hope it out put a function of current timestamp .
i created the media and media\samsung folders previous to this step . that was successful . the script i included here was just to demonstrate the apparent incongruity between the existence of the folder and the error message . i shall try elmer82 's proposed answer tomorrow .
filename type size used priority /dev/sda3 partition 8271868 0 -1
yes , the script is executable , so i 've changed to as you suggested - and the result is the same
- 16.04
yes they are on the same size . i have 29 chart which i want to put them all near each other in one pdf or png file
trash looks empty , 'restore selected items ' looks faded and 'empty trash ' looks highlighted . but i didnt empty it . when i delete other files they disappear but they dont show it inside the trash bin .
yes i did it manually , so should i increase the size of the /boot partition ? what size would be ideal ?
to be honest : the chance for me having dupes is small . for *future* purposes , though , i think a snippet should avoid dupes and should preserve as much info as possible
true upgrade using alternate cd . i used update manager to update everything and then ra the upgrade from the cd .
accidently run command chmod ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
because i want get windows 7 ... i cant play with my 100 fps in cs and i cant play world of warcraft !
cook - it 's updated .
edit -- -- -- -- -- -- ' '' - lswh -c network : second command :
i created them myself , so they are properly licensed . i am trying to figure out how to package them so i can add them to the software center .
`sshd_config` does n't seem to have anything with it , and i could n't seem to find anything in the man page about forcing a shell at login . i also could n't find anything in the putty documentation about it either
if you mean enabling networking on recoverymode , yes i can
it 's a service that came with studio . when i installed studio i was asked if i wanted to use it . i 'm sorry i do n't remember the name of the program , not sure where to find it .
i use crtl , alt , f1 to get to the cli . that is the prompt i am working from . i think that answers your question .
i used : `ping -c 10 mail.google.com` . it seemed to work . output had line : `10 packets transmitted , 9 received , 10 % packet loss , time 9990ms`
i wish to keep the entire mysql server & data on usb stick . just plug & play on any machine .
update : it seems to be a problem with managing ntfs partitions . i 've tried to plug my external hdd and i 'm able to read-only , ca n't write on it .
alas , there is n't ( or at least there is n't **supposed** to be a way ) & it has a strident notice warning users that the applet is private property , keep login details secure etc . but there are hundreds of people doing this work ... i emailed helpdesk asking them just to help me find collaborators because they sent out an email saying they would 'endeavour to support all platforms ' but got no response
the version of ubuntu i am using is 14.04
with the pendrive usb installer from pendrivelinux.com following their instructions after downloading the .iso from the ubuntu site .
this is all creating it first try . so no i was n't able to access it previously .
the kds 66t has only one easily accessible usb port , and sending out hubs and keyboards as well as training people to perform an upgrade would likely not fly .
it is a real machine and no virtual machines .
i am allowed to delete ubuntu from the new laptop . only concern is to get the exact ubuntu with all the packages and the files from the old laptop running onto the new laptop
i have not tried , the thought came to me while i was writing the question .
maybe , i just want windows back !
when the window is maximized , ctrl+super+down restores it in the same way that ctrl+alt+p does . however , that is where the behavior diverges . continuing to press ctrl+alt+p in that circumstance does nothing . once the maximized window is restored down , another press of ctrl+super+down minimizes the application .
i always stick with the latest stable . so right now that 's 260.19.12. the fix came a while ago though .
i added the output of that
yaa.. i m sorry for using wrong terms ...
if i am i 'm not trying to , what i want it to do is open a terminal window running the server .
i was looking at edubuntu because it 's easier to make foolproof ( and customize ) but the effort/benefit ratio seems poor . perhaps just running it in winxp is smarter . xp is already installed so that aligns with `` if it works do n't fix it '' , and i could just make it autostart gcompris . i will definitely consider this !
i have tried both . when i installed bcml-kernel-source , wifi was not working and lap was n't shutting down . the ubuntu splash screen was showing forever .
i 've added the output of that command to the original post .
i dont have internet on the pc with ubuntu .
good idea . done ...
. i mean accessing server by domain , alias , or any text not ip , because ip change when i change modem/router so i can not use static ip .
no i tried it buy i can not enter any tty
sure . i made playlists with relative paths from the windows app i mentioned . it 's one of it 's configuration options , and totem and audacious , for just two examples , are more than happy to use the lists .
:
unfortunately not
sudo add-apt-repository ppa : libreoffice/libreoffice-4-0 and then went to software updater ...
yes , sorry i wan to setup lvm partitioning . i 'll update the question .
there are many examples , so i tried to extract the essence of the problem in the above description . you are right that i should have also included a concrete example : consider installation of texlive-full . it installs a lot of font packages , which are suggested ( but not required ) by many pre-existsing packages ( i can not remember precisely which , but i think pre-existing libreoffice or matplotlib or octave suggested these ) . so the problem is that `` apt-get install texlive-full '' followed by `` apt-get remove -- purge -- auto-remove texlive-full '' does not leave the system in the same original state .
yes . that is wrong . i do n't need sudo , but what about the other commands ? i copied this from my usual rsync of folders i want to backup . can the -- progress and -v make trouble as well ?
command not found is the exact error
i did n't try the opengl games , though i see that 's recommended test and i should have done that before i sent in my computer .
yes , i can connect via terminal
oh i just changed my background image haha . ubuntu 14.04.3lts
use them ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
modprobe : error : could not insert 'wl ' : required key not available what now ?
i do n't know , ntfs i think ... thank you : )
yes , that 's why it keeps asking for it . it never provides a place to enter one though .
i have dell inspiron n5110 , ram 3.8gb , processor intel core i5-2430m cpu @ 2.40ghz 4 , graphics is shown unknown , 64bit os . the result of `lspci |grep vga` is : khat33b @ oa : ~ $ lspci |grep vga 00:02.0 vga compatible controller : intel corporation 2nd generation core processor family integrated graphics controller ( rev 09 ) 01:00.0 vga compatible controller : nvidia corporation gf108 [ geforce gt 540m ] ( rev a1 )
i 'm not smart enough to do that , seth . prtsc is the only way i know to capture a screenshot . to show that all the menu options are grayed-out ( unavailable ) , i must hover the cursor over them , but when i hit prtsc it removes the drop down menus from the screen .
edit : i disabled 2.2tb infinity and changed boot priority and that fixed it .
i have ubuntu 13.04 .
no , i 'm on a different network . and 130.238.55.19 is the correct ip address of ws1.bmc.uu.se . but when i ping it i get a different ip address ( 130.238.39.248 ) .
ouch , my syslog has a constant barrage of : - upstart-udev-bridge [ 22236 ] : disconnected from upstart - upstart-udev-bridge main process ( 21779 ) terminated with status 1 - upstart-udev-bridge main process ended , respawning
does n't work at all .
i had refered the site for rpm package installation in ubuntu i need to install a software that is compatable with mysql 5.1 , i had tried to install with mysql 5.5 i got the following error com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.mysqlsyntaxerrorexception : you have an error in your sql syntax ; check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near 'type=innodb ' at line 1
i 'm using the unity interface .
both would be helpful . i do n't see a progress bar at my screen and i did n't know what u1 was doing until i installed the packed decribed by giowck ( see below ) .
hi eliah i am running a 32 bit version of ubuntu
i will put a picture ,
no , it 's for my own use .
here is the link.. @ chili555.. (
via ubuntu-software-center i deleted gnome-shell with software-center but my boot-logo is still a debian boot-logo ? ? ?
could you explain that in a bit more detail ?
i run the script and pasted the output into pastebin - link pastebin.ubuntu.com/8508753 . i can connect to all other networks fine , i am currently connected to my home network . today i asked my it department and they confirmed no changes were made to our office wifi network . please let me know if you can find the reason for failing to connect to my office wifi network .
i have and still nothing changes . i have even seen only some of the changes take effect . say , if i rotate 180 degrees , that will be applied but a 90 degree rotation wo n't be .
no , but i do n't recall what i did to fix it . sorry .
i have an nvidia ( r ) geforce ( r ) gt graphics card .
anything using apt-get , even update gets aborted
i have only one at work
it 's a nuc i5 : intel core i5-4250u cpu @ 1.30ghz 4 . it says : intel haswell mobile for the graphic card . i have n't experienced it with youtube video yet .
thanks i will give it a go
edit : fixed it installing libapache2-mod-php5
1.50 , 1.51 , 2.0. all have the same issue .
when i right click on the files-show copy dialog . there is nothing . no response
thank you.it 's worked
sorry for the late response ! it does n't really matter to me , terminal is fine .
14.04.3 lts 64-bit
less than 150 eur . sorry for being not precise : )
**here is the parted output : ** ubuntu @ ubuntu : ~ $ sudo parted -l model : ata samsung hd154ui ( scsi ) disk /dev/sda : 1500gb sector size ( logical/physical ) : 512b/512b partition table : gpt number start end size file system name flags 1 1049kb 210mb 209mb fat32 boot 2 210mb 16.2gb 16.0gb ext4 3 16.2gb 26.2gb 10.0gb linux-swap ( v1 ) 4 26.2gb 326gb 300gb ext4 5 326gb 1500gb 1174gb ext4 warning : unable to open /dev/sr0 read-write ( read-only file system ) . /dev/sr0 has been opened read-only . error : ca n't have a partition outside the disk ! i ca n't mount sda from the live-cd terminal : ubuntu @ ubuntu : ~ $ mount /dev/sda mount : ca n't find /dev/sda in /etc/fstab or /etc/mtab
yes , i 'm able to open xterm , but i still ca n't use the terminal ( as in , the other application )
i learned not to press the broken button , but i did n't find if it is possible to disable hardware buttons in software .
. acer notebook the iso i have downloaded it from the ubuntu oficial web ( ubuntu/download ) i try instaling it by an usb 2.0 and 3.0 and with the help tool of the iso with the same result . i dont know how to resolve it ... ( i use the recomended mount program forma usb install )
i using 64 bit os
what are the new ones ? i am new to python and am trying to play a sound using 'quickly ' ; many examples ?
sorry , somehow i accidentally made 2 accounts . anyway , did n't find secure boot in the gigabyte -uefi dualbios , i also downloaded and searched the manual and secure boot was n't in the manual . is it called something else possibly ? does the legacy vs uefi have something to do with it ? tried `` try ubuntu without installing '' and received this message again : busybox v1.20.2 ( ubuntu 1:1.20.0-8ubuntu1 ) built in shell ( ash ) enter 'help '' for a list of built in commands .
exactly same problem right , but i do n't think it is about the provider .
it is disabled if i press `` alt '' , but i do n't want this included at all .
yes , id_rsa has permission 600 , and id_rsa.pub has 664. i 'm logged in as the owner in both the tty session and the unity desktop session .
hi , it is 14.04 .
thanks for the reply . ideally , i 'd like to have myth working . it 's funny that i 'm getting a similar fault to that on a previous install on a different machine . for now i tried me tv - but that is stuck on e4+1 - i ca n't change channel . i just wanted to use my usb tuner stick - it 's a kworld dual dvbt and is supported by linux as far as i know , .
the result of that was the same : e : the package python3 needs to be reinstalled , but i ca n't find an archive for it .
it 's just an intel , as the nvidia dedicated version was not released in germany
please explain about this software
i haved checked it please see my edit of the orginal post
the notification message is irrelevant . i 'm not looking for this particular piece of source code . i 'm looking for a general solution this problem in any case . the details are there just to make clear what type of situations i would want to do this in .
i have got various users configured in the system , all of them administrators and i have found that filelight do not count all the files in the other users home directory . the total size of the file system when exploring the root directory is 239,5 gib from one user but 416,6 gib from the other user . i tried execute filelight as root user but did not work ... anyway , i found the files that were filling the file system ... thank you .
yes , i can see command prompt .
yes that would be ideal ! `total used free shared buffers cached mem : 1931928 1750700 181228 0 116776 656232 -/+ buffers/cache : 977692 954236 swap : 3288388 4552 3283836`
ya it 's a usb dongle .
there is something known linux partition reader . its able to read ext partitions .
it is working in the webbrowser also for zooming the text.that 's why i tried it in gedit but it 's not working ! so i 'm looking for plugin .
. the same keys will be copied to all nodes ' ./ssh/ directory
i updated my question .
no , i want to plug my headphones into my controller .
nope , not installed .
yes , that is exactly whats happening . so if i try to search by only pressing super , or pressing super+s will minimize any active window . any ideas of things to delete/reinstall to get it working right again ?
yes ... .. there are 4 other identical virtual hosts on the server that run with no problems ... . it 's just this one host that has died .
im not 100 % sure but i have looked at the other guides and i cant find any drivers but i thin this is it `` acer aspire v5-572p v5-573p v7-581pg ''
no , nothing work . i have some folders in italian , bur there are few command . i want the default folders , where can i find them ?
i am using 10.10. i have also used 10.04. the problem still persists !
can you explain how to compile an old version of gcc and install in a subfolder ?
thank you for your comments . yes , this is a windows issue . the report is from boot-repair . does boot-repair show the boot partition ? historically , this drive has had bad sectors . could the boot partition be hidden by a bad sector ? how could i thoroughly diagnose the problem ? i intend to clone this drive to another . i just did n't want to clone a bad bootmgr .
i 've updated my question with the error i 'm getting and the steps i took to get there . hope you can help ?
when i change the server nothing new happens . and i am unable to uncheck the ppa in the update manager . it just dont respond to my commands . i do n't know if there is some relation but , i can not put google chrome as my default browser neither .
yes i can ssh it . and i also viewed all config and logs
same error as before .
thanks @ schkovich , i added that output . is there another thing i could look at ?
i added additional info about modprobe
yes . i should add that to the question .
*re-phrased : * what 's a `` softer '' alternative to killall ?
you are , it 's not loaded even i do the following : $ cd ~/var-som-om44.deb/ $ scp @ : /*.deb ./ $ sudo umount /dev/mmcblk0p1 $ sudo dpkg -i *3.4.0-1489.28_armhf.deb and rebbot , i have to mention that i used this directory and version before , do you think that this is the reason ?
for my particular scenario you can assume that new content is appended to it continually , without modifying the content that was already there before . although it would be nice to have a text viewer that saw any type of change on the file , but i can see how that can be complicated .
it 's not undo action it 's a separate command . if i did n't copy so i could use your suggested command previously . and i have to more and more time use this command to delete more than 1000 files copied ?
it is unity with numix theme and transparent panel . i just hided the starter to have more space .
nothing that i can disable . it 's pretty much a clean install . one of the new bugs ... erm ... `` features '' of windows 10 is that it does n't allow you to prevent some `` important system tasks '' from running at startup . most of it 's to do with the new apple-style windows update . i had the same experience with windows 8 and 8.1 , though . they each had nothing huge running at startup , and still used the hard drive ( or at least the indicator and the motor ) a lot more than ubuntu .
i only can run the 14.04 lts in debug mode . now enabling debug info i got a more detailed log [ here ] ( i put 2 newlines between reboots for clarity . note on line 9966 immediately before a restart ...
i use sudo -s , when i have a long series of commands , its a bad habit i know . ... and no i cant think of any reason why you would run thunderbird as root , so i wanted a technique to stop myself from doing it by accident .
yeah , i am running 4.2.1 , so does that make this unsolvable ?
readme.txt [ 2012-11-30 ] version 3.0.0.1 1. change text type to unix . 2. fixed os_abl support crash at kernel 2.6.32 . 3. fixed atelde2p=1 crash . 4. update frequency tracking thresholds . 5. update firmware to beta 0.4 6. update rf cr to 10121122 . 7. fixed bulkincmdrspevent may submit multiple bulk-in urb . 8. support ate feature . 9. fixed wps fail with external registrar . 10. support micacast . [ 2012-11-15 ] version 3.0.0.0 1. support suspend/resume . 2. support 802.11 power saving . 3. support p2p . 4. support antenna diversity . 5. support microwave oven detection . [ 2012-10-19 ] version 3.0.0.0-beta7 1. mt7601sta initial version . 2. support rx_cso . 3. support header translation .
because it thinks it 's a 52 '' screen and it 's a 32 '' screen . edit : thanks for the advice . i will give 14.04 a try . do you know if that will include the drivers or if they 'll show up in the `` additional drivers '' ?
each of the two partitions to has 110 gb . the filesystem used for them to be ext4 ... is it not correct ?
i tried with with ubuntu server 15.04 and ubuntu desktop 15.10. same results .
to switch it off
yep , a buggy version . that 's what i got for installing it out of ubuntu 12.04 's repositories . i wonder how to get the ubuntu people to update their pre-packaged byobu to a version that no longer has this bug ... interestingly , doing a `` -v '' with the 5.33 version somehow spits out 3 issues now `` ulimit : illegal option -u '' and `` [ : -ge : unexpected operator '' and `` warning : ulimit -u is too low '' -- i suppose they 're of little consequence , though .
yup . did n't mention it as i was n't sure it was relevant .
? for what it 's worth : i am using edubuntu 12.04 lts
it always charged to full on unity .
i went on the xubuntu irc and this is what somebody told me to do . would i have to replace `xfce4-power-manager` with `gnome-power-manager` ?
yes , i 've got a domain as well as ip address . i 've now managed to connect using filezilla , but if i type ./deploy.sh livesite into the terminal i get this error : ./deploy.sh livesite ssh : connect to host 12.34.5.678 port 22 : connection refused rsync : connection unexpectedly closed ( 0 bytes received so far ) [ sender ] rsync error : unexplained error ( code 255 ) at /sourcecache/rsync/rsync-42/rsync/io.c ( 452 ) [ sender=2.6.9 ] how do i use ./deploy.sh livesite to connect via ssh ?
hi peppe , i updated my question . sorry for the messy outputs .
i think it 's a new ubuntu security measure to save someone like me ! i removed files from ubuntu kde so somehow it went into this folder to save me ! thanks ubuntu !
works with windows 10 for example . i have already installed it , but need to install alongside ubuntu also ... .
i 'll try it . i tried `` arp '' and nothing came back . its been about 10 years since i last did this type of networking .
i do , of course . in fact , today something funny happened : i reverted back to ubuntu 12.04 ( 12.10 was really giving me too much trouble ) . in 12.04 totem had sound , just fine , as well as vlc . on the other hand , gxine experienced the same problem as totem on 12.10 ( i.e . sound was fading after a few seconds ) ; however , on 12.10 , gxine played fine ! i think something funny is happening with audio channels . somehow after playing the video for a few seconds , i guess some channels are muted ( but pausing and starting the video again , the sound plays for two seconds again , then fades ) .
mfisch , thanks for looking at this . please see comments below under gilles 's answer .
i actually use sudo -u filemanager -c `` command '' , if sudoer does n't do anythinf when su so that i need to block su as filemanager too .
the question is : if i sign the files with gpg instead of letting debuild do it , i get a separate source.changes.asc file instead of it signing the sources.changes file in place . how do i upload with dput in this case .
please help me . can anyone help me ?
. i rebooted yet the notification remains , which is odd , i agree , as no errors occur . not sure what the problem is . edited the question- 2 not upgraded as the output again .
yes , i did . what does this change ?
i know its not the end of the world , its just that it would be nice to have that .
sorry @ wilf i think screenshot wont explain my issue . if possible just open any website on both windows and ubuntu . just watch out the white color on the website . sure you will come to know the different .
i want set frequency to 2100 in battery mode . thanks ...
update : i have now disabled the 3d acceleration . if someone knows how to solve this , please provide an answer , i will be super happy .
i used pip in the following way : sudo pip install numpy . i do n't know where in the file system does it install
how i add my user on the 'plugdev ' ? ? ?
i did not install that myself , the it guy did . he did however use nvidia-linux-x86_64-352.21.run . i can access the prompt by ctr+alt+f1 and i did sudo nvidia-installer -- update and was told i already had the latest version .
daniel : using 14.04 , i ran `install-powerpc video=radeonfb:1024x768-32 @ 60 ` . no issues after that . finally . a 4-day project . reinstalling and reinstalling and reinstalling . i wish i could find documentation on kernel swapping .
when i open the terminal , it stay on for 2-3 seconds showing this message and automatically closes .
] [ 1 ] to run on ubuntu
permanent means : one which doesnt disappear after two seconds .
i added specs to my question . i probably *didn't* install any drivers , how do i do that ? ( i 'm noob obviously )
yes , that is exactly it .
i tried lsusb , i got the following **bus 003 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub bus 002 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub bus 001 device 001 : id 1d6b:0002 linux foundation 2.0 root hub**
: similar to one achieved in this tutorial
yes , i save and exit
**edit : ** please see this site report here you can find optimize images point in 5th suggestion , there you can see it is listing number of jpeg images to losslessly compress . if you optimize your images from an online image optimization utility like kraken.io then this warning is gone .
my usb doesnt have anything on it besides text document backups , some music , minecraft backups , and some ms .bat files on it
one reason is that evince - err i 'd rather not us vulgar words . so i want to try adobe reader to see if it 's better .
- sudo apt-get does n't work , probably because it can not reach archive.ubuntu.com
hi edwinksl , it was this link : [ link ] (
i ca n't source the client 's `~/.ssh/rc` from inside a remotely executed command , can i ?
: well , i have to press the menu , and then the history button , and then the other history button ... and my browser is rather slow anyway and the menu does n't always come up so it all takes a while ...
i tried it . but _nothing_ happens . i can not see a change in the gui .
, i have been looking for it . asked in many computer hardware stores . all so far only have usb/wireless adapter , not ethernet . the only ethernet 1 is from apple , for macbook air i suppose ? i am not sure it will work on pc tho ...
yes , i did that but still i wanted to know .
i had to reinstall xubuntu to try fglrx . it does n't work . it just shows a blank screen . i installed it from amd website ( downloaded deb )
i tried to run as root but then reverted to the user ! the ultimate goal is to run it as root now ! ( i 've been playing with upstart , cronjob , rc-local for 2 days now , nothing seems to get it going ) .
+1 @ pilot6 sorry i consigned my comment and then was too slow ( > 5 min ) in my editing to correct it . it should read : `` exactly what i was looking for ! '' . i have already gone from 14.04.1 v 13.13 to 14.04.2 v 3.16.0-41. do post that link as answer so i can check it as such .
there is the folder /usr/share/lightspark
$ lsusb bus 003 device 005 : id 0b38:0010 gear head 107-key keyboard bus 004 device 003 : id 093a:2510 pixart imaging , inc. optical mouse bus 001 device 001 : id 1d6b:0002 linux foundation 2.0 root hub bus 002 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub bus 003 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub bus 004 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub bus 005 device 001 : id 1d6b:0001 linux foundation 1.1 root hub * @ * : ~ $
**edit** rehatcc 's answer lead me to check out the mysql-common.files per the error `files list file for package 'mysql-common ' is missing final newline` the file is just garbage text . is this like a template file that is generic across all systems ? can i just paste in the text from another system ?
i have recently installed lubuntu precise . before i was using the same but the main installation was xubuntu and did not have this problem .
would this allow the touchpad to be enabled , though ? i tested and this is not it .
note : i 've discovered that if i close the lid for a prolonged time , it 'll then go into the lock screen as i desire . i do n't know why , though . the time it takes seems arbitrary , for if i leave the lid down for a few seconds the lock-screen wo n't activate . it 's most desirable for me to be able to do it immediately on command .
yes , that 's correct i prefer gnome over unity . however i have all 3 desktops installed : unity , gnome and kde .
when i look at display settings it says unknown for my monitor , but the nvidia settings successfully identify the make and model . any help would be greatly appreciated .
i thought of doing that , but was unsure of it ...
sorry , forgot to mention that : 12.04lts
how to fix this ( read my other post too )
no , it does n't . i get this error-`e : error , pkgproblemresolver : :resolve generated breaks , this may be caused by held packages . e : unable to correct dependencies`
the problem lines are : ( they work just fine on other ubuntu servers on older oses ) nfsserver-priv : /vol/vol1_isp/eshowcase/sites /var/www nfs ro , defaults 0 0 nfsserver-priv : /vol/vol1_isp/vusers /var/users nfs defaults 0 0
sorry i did n't mention that . yes i can they appear to run fine . i can ssh into the instance using the key pair and ssh ( putty ) .
it says i have plenty of ram , the game i play only requires 510mb , so i do not understand why i keep getting this error .
i installed it with this command : chmod 777 /path/netbeans.sh
no there is no eclipse in /usr/bin folder ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
**update** @ psusi , sudo parted -l says same as what gparted said . ( unable to satisfy.. ) @ oldfred , i have started chkdsk , will update you with the same . ( thanks to both ) @ rod smith , i will try your suggestion after i done with chkdsk.thanks !
hello , its a samsung laptop . and yes it may have secure boot enabled in bios . but how do it check or disable it ? i mean bios setup does n't starts on f2 . i also tried starting firmware setting from windows , changepc setting- > general- > advanced ( restart ) - > troubleshoot- > advanced option . here also `` uefi firmware setting '' . so i am not able to start bios setup anyhow .
ahhh ... that is a good point . thanks .
thank you ..10.04 but script commmand line i necesssary.. ( as gonftool-2 )
how do i fix these issues ?
i 'm trying to follow the tutorial on local ubuntu forum , this tutorial exists since ubuntu version 9.04 and it is regularly updated ( last time is updated today for compiling kernel 3.16.1 ) , maybe those packages remained from the older ubuntu and it is n't changed ( removed ) ... so i do n't need those packages ?
not at all . the signal strength is quite good , and i am close to the base station .
strangely enough , i do n't get an error when running `sudo dpkg -- configure -a` . still getting the same error with `apt-get` though .
proceed ? should i try to
i have ati radeon 5xxx with a driver `` gallium 0.4 on amd redwood ``
sai i have 3 partitions c , d , e
yes i did just now and its matching
this is on an hp desktop as is the other computer attempting to install from dvd gives a fatal error message which is different each time one was something about a blacklisted file and not being able to calculate the upgrade .
yah . 20cms by 7cms ( then scaled down )
i 'm trying to install a .tar.gz and a .jar
installing the ppa gnome3-next caused things to shatter and isnt an `` official '' ppa from gnome . so i ignored that part . mmstick i assume thats just a `sudo apt-get`
edit : the official name of the game in question is : orbital eunuchs sniper
bootmgr is missing press ctrl+alt+delete to restart
sure , i can send log files to people who could help , you just need to let me know what to send . i like the new features in maverick , and would really like to keep it if i can
you can download the 64-bit deb version of the browser from the website . so , i guess it is still going on . however ... .with this 3rd party .deb issue , i need to install it alternatively .
[ rootsudotimeout - community ubuntu documentation ] (
thanks a lot for correcting me . i have rectified my mistake
well ... . maybe it 's my eyes ... or maybe the fonts are a little bit bigger than before and for that i may find that the buttons are different . if this is the case , how could i set the font for something a little smaller ?
, i have it installed but i ca n't seem to find the right setting . do you have any suggestion ?
-- -- -- -- -- -- dobey- i click `` add comment '' and nothing happens , i ca n't seem to reply to your question . i have not done anything with the nvidia drivers , i 'm using what came with the ubuntu install for this version . why would they become an issue now ? is there some way to fix this ? i 've tried booting in recovery mode , and it sticks at 'stopping save kernel messages ' and a cursor , and goes nowhere . thanks
hello , i used ubuntu software . and by the way , your suggestion did not work
i have added the changes to the post now .
that 's a list ... if i were to shorten it : `` eclipse can only make cvs . my old projects do n't work and i ca n't make new projects ''
i 'm using ubuntu . i mostly use gnome , but i use a few random kde apps .
. yes , and this also seems to have an effect . the screen does not stay black any more , but it also makes it impossible to type in the full disk encryption password . instead the characters appear at the top of the screen ( for every boot ) . the only option that works is recovery . also on every second boot the resolution and framerate etc is very high without nomodeset , so the drivers appear to actually work . but only after a cold boot after a hard shutdown ... ?
no , it does n't : (
only black . its almost like he mobo wo n't start . i should also note that when shutting ubuntu down it closed down in like 5 seconds had a black screen with some white typing then d had a flicker . idk if that 's normal for this os .
the intext-search at the bottom of the browser .
*update : i have played with compiz config settings and now the menu for empathy works . therefor i think there is a bug somewhere . *
i 'm running on the rackspace cloud , so the way i eventually fixed it was by using a load balancer . that handled the https part and just forwarded http traffic to my server . not ideal , but did work .
ldxe has the login core and also is the desktop with only the logout option . i have kubuntu , lubuntu and xubuntu installed and lubuntu by far is the fastest .
can you explain to me what that command does ? `unity`
do the two machines have identical architecture ( i386 versus x86_64 ) ? - yes
.. i see that 's probably that . i 'm going to format the whole drive and start off with a clean , basic disc . time to rethink about choices .
i just assumed they are part of an update , i am not sure what those individual packages do ... ? should i just delete them ?
super-alt-right clicking gnome-panel , make does n't appear context menu .
yes , the usb stick is first before the hdd .
it has all these files as if i have another desktop
it 's a usb wifi adapter . some chinese company tenda . they gave a renamed driver for rtl named as mt7601usta.ko after build .
getting closer i think but /etc/samba/smb.conf contains only persistent mounts . the mount command ( without cifs ) shows the list of mounts , in /run/user/ [ user ] /gvfs it shows the mapping parameters , as : smb-share : domain=ams , server=ams-fs07 , share=marketing , user=administrator , but i ca n't seem to extract anything that an ls or cp would work with .
is n't it a good practice to not let your bank account number be out there in unencrypted format on the internet ?
after second image it never start
my son is going through hell and we just need to help him , probably not legal but its the only way we can get to the bottom of it
i get no output from the command you gave me , i installed xfce ( not xubuntu-desktop ) , chrome , nautilus , gnome tweak tool , evince , inkscape , gimp , libreoffice writer , and some others media players and converters all of them appending ` -- no-install-recommend` .
: sorry , i 'm using linux mint based on ubuntu 14.04 , so it 's not the most updated ubuntu release . the command worked , but is it meant to enable or disable the service ? it continued disabled .
usb-creator-gtk
yes.. i get error messages when installing phpmyadmin .
fast startup was disabled in windows and in efi boot menu only was windows .
it should install a service which executes a server deamon
source : `red hat enterprise linux server release 6.5 ( santiago ) ` target : `ubuntu 13.10` both use `gpt`
i have faced this issue as some user has mounted /home directory .
the code is at i 've double-checked and the toolbar is using buttons . the only thing that i 'm doing is to load images for the icons , as far as i can tell . also this might also be worth mentioning :
it just resets to its default path .
update : i believe that `iwconfig` was the correct command , because it returned this : lo no wireless extensions .
solar tab tab revealed nothing . i cant replicate the error now solarcoin-qt file has vanished ... .
of course g++ works ...
castro it 's 9.10. the new versions did n't worked well here , but this is another discussion..
edit : more specifically ,
i will try and get back to you . thanks for the suggestion
i knew it was probably an obvious solution that i was n't seeing . thanks , and sorry xd
i 'm trying to cut out the good parts of a video so i combine it in to one short webm
rochon - no , have you ran into the same issue ?
i 'm using 12.10 as well . but i 'm on the usb and have n't yet installed ubuntu . could it be why its not working ?
what would be the difference ?
in sda4 ubuntu is installed with my windows 8. so it is related to ubuntu .
how do i do that ? how do i change it ?
i used fedora 23 , for 64 bit , workstation
i want to replace my lxde menu with something better . are there any other options out there ?
yes . but this was n't a problem before bios update .
yes it is . but let 's say gvim is closed . if i click on the icon it opens gvim and keeps on flashing forever and never gets the little arrow on the side that shows that the program is running . so if i minimize gvim and click on this icon again it opens a new gvim instance . not the one i was working with .
id consider a cd ( would need to buy one first ) but how will i know if it wont go to the black screen ehen i connect my external cd player , and will it even recongize it . : (
it 's a core 2 duo system , so it 's not that old . i can boot fine from other usb devices .
i can run the update-manager only if i uncheck one item . a message `` requires installation of untrusted packages '' does not allow the update-manager to run . i uncheck the item and the other updates are processed . but the item remains in the update-manager ready to be installed next time . how do i get out this situation ?
yeah you understood it right ! its a sequence of results of some mathematical operations from basicmath benchmark .
hey . i want configureapacheserver forxymonserver . because i do n't see the page on my servers ip .
of course the completion depends on the first word of the line . which is why i sometimes use a fantasy command to trick completion , and only change it to the real command before i send it . and i have no `.inputrc` on this system anymore . ( those were the days , fixing backspace and cursor keys ) and it happens for all elements , directory or file , symlink or not .
took your advice , installed the 319 driver . it wrecked my ubuntu install . pc only booted to a blinking cursor . i got into recover console and removed drivers , now i 'm finally back in but unity is gone forever . there is no way to bring unity back , i 've tried it all . now i 'm stuck with gnome . i loved unity . i 'm tired of having to reformat everytime something does n't jive right with ubuntu .
i do n't think so , i deleted files of php 5.5.9 and after that i installed php 5.3.29 from the tutorial , however can you offer some instruction 's to verify if what i 'm saying is correct ? also , when i access the gamecp installation , i get some crazy codes instead of the php version error , mabye because i uinstalled the modules..
okay sorry am doing it wait a sec
i do n't remember how i installed 4.0 . 4.5 runs directly and i 'd like to install it so that it 's runnable from the dash .
: yes , just for playback . i could mount it and use it like the normal dvd . i am also open to other formats like mp4 , actually that would be more convenient than iso , i just thought iso would be the easiest to create .
i have added it , thank you
i have 2gb ram in my machine .
i 'm not talking about one specific movie , but the movie in question is 800mb . i stopped the conversion when the size reached 500mb , as this was too large already .
output in awk arrays
i use the underscore to denote special directories that need to go to top . in my projects folder , i have proj_a , proj_b and _old_projects . it is no use if this folder is within the o-projects .
unable to get exclusive lock this usually means that another package management application ( like apt-get or aptitude ) already running . please close that application first .
i 'm afraid i ca n't . the only way i know there 's an error is that i enter my password . then the box pops up saying `` system error detected . do you want to report this error ? '' the system kicks me back to my login screen within 2 seconds of that showing up , so there 's really no way for me to actually `` read the error '' or something .
i have tried sudo apt-get update . i 'm using ubuntu 14.04 lts .
no the button is there but it has no function . on the website it will provide a date and time when clicked . but it does nothing when i copy it into gedit .
no rules , no firewall . router has nat enabled ( no firewall too ) . i disabled almost everything while trying to debug that . took me 4 days including os reinstall to locate the problem..
sorry guys ! ! , actually i found it that it was of apache error because it was using the port 80 , now please tell me should i go for apache 2 uninstall or just installed on machine and stop the service when we install the nginx . now i have a different error like after uninstalling the apache2 , it gives me all things ( including nginx ) installed except apache but still getting apache2 webpage while go for checking for nginx default page , please help !
on meta :
check this image this needed to be `` **hello this ** '' [ 1 ] :
i am using ubuntu 12.04 and my wifi adapter manufacturer is atheros.i am unable to connect to only one particular network .
yes , i am behind a proxy . to test whether i 'm getting out to the www , i just did an `` sudo apt-get update '' and it was able to update with no errors . is that an inaccurate test ?
no , i have n't installed anything . i 've tried to install things that sound similar to that , but the instructions every time did n't work . could you help with installing that ? **note** without wifi , i have no connection .
: yep : ) . still need an answer as well .
integrated intel graphics media accelerator 4500 ; this is dell optiplex 760 small form factor
i tried that later but then it gave this error e : unable to lock the administration directory /var/lib/dpkg/lock ? is this root ?
befor upgrade from 13.10 to 14.04 everything was working great . but after upgrade i right away noticed that in grub i lost a few options in what i can boot . today i tried to boot in windows but it does n't work ( will go and try again and write what it says on screen before it returns me back to grub ) .
to gain network acess i need to open browser and press login button on local hotspot site . it does n't redirect me to this site and i ca n't get there manually too , something prevents me from getting there .
16.04 lts..and i do n't know which desktop ! the default one i guess
strangely , it just started working . i had n't changed anything , just got bored and done something else for a few hours . i wonder if this has anything to do with my running it as a vm , i ca n't think of any other reason .
thanks for all the comments ! yes , i 'm currently booting mysql , postgres and apache on boot - should n't do that , you 're right . will look at the virtualbox suggestion . and yes , i 'm booting from a external drive - at the moment there 's no other way . @ seppo : the hdparm parameters where set by the system , not by me . to be honest , i 'm not really sure where to change them . after reading through the manpage of hdparm , i read that -tt performs benchmarks which should be not really necessary on every boot . but why -i ? it just returns id info .
executing `sudo adduser username sudo` solved my problem , i assumed having sudo permissions is equivalent to being in the sudo group . guess i was wrong
the monitor on the laptop is broken , yes , so i have my tv connected to the pc . should i set the setting to mirror screening ?
edit : i just found out , that shift+l-alt is not working as intended , l-shift simply changes the language . also r-shift + alt is not working .
i want them online , sync-ready and download-ready .
it is : `113phantom 113phantom` in my code . it 's not auto pass the enter password for root step
problem solved . thx for the help . forgot something . stupid . : )
please see my updates . thanks .
amd radeon r5 m255
i have added another picture which clearly proves that they are different
i am running a `vim` in a bash shell in `xterm` .
**sudo apt-get update** ? of course . it made no difference . the same error resulted _every_ time .
- yep , same user . authenticated using keys , not password .
also , i noticed when i run upgrade in terminal i get this : the following packages have been kept back : gir1.2-clutter-1.0 gir1.2-cogl-1.0 gir1.2-coglpango-1.0 gir1.2-totem-1.0 gstreamer1.0-clutter libcheese-gtk23 libclutter-1.0-0 libclutter-gst-2.0-0 libclutter-gtk-1.0-0 libtotem0 0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 10 not upgraded . yaro014 - i will google ppas and sources.list and try to find them and post them here .
added both print outs .
no , file did n't exists
i have n't touched the kernel .
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ & ldquo ; an upgrade from & # 39 ; precise & # 39 ; to & # 39 ; oneiric & # 39 ; is not unsupported with this tool & rdquo ; error while upgrading ] ( ) end of automatically inserted text # # # when the system was updating the laptop suddenly `` died '' # # #
please check edited post , mb there are some bad grammar in my english , but i think it makes sense .
added the output of dpkg and i did n't reboot after purging virtualbox-4.1
nope lol . this is all in installation .
i need that for my study : ) so it is not an option right now . but i prefer mysql though .
it shows as the following : keyrelease event , serial 37 , synthetic no , window 0x2e00001 , root 0x1e8 , subw 0x0 , time 112493 , ( 165 , -6 ) , root : ( 1036,438 ) , state 0x10 , keycode 56 ( keysym 0x62 , b ) , same_screen yes , xlookupstring gives 1 bytes : ( 62 ) `` b '' xfilterevent returns : false
-- - yes , windows 8 came pre-installed on the samsung laptop . i am trying to install through wubi.exe .
thank you , @ lnxslck actually i tried to change the theme in settings manager earlier and did not get anything . just now changed the icon settings and display is normal as before . but i dont understand why after upgrade , this problem occurred . will this be happening everytime i upgrade ?
yes , tried and it will not load the module . updated the question
yep - 13.04 actually .
i do n't think it 's all that relevant ( since it had worked before on different ubuntu installation ) . it seems it could be something with the drivers perhaps ? it 's got 2 graphics cards ( integrated one with sandy bridge core i7 & discrete radeon 6850 ) , but i 'm only using the intel one ( with the latest intel driver ) - it did not happen with the installation of that driver but it has n't disapppeared .
right ! /home/user/.bashrc
edit : i am able to boot windows ( i found out how after asking the question.. ! ) . i simply use exit and it brings up the firmware settings allowing me to select windows . however , ubuntu is still in that list , even if it no longer exists , since i deleted the partition . therefore , only the annoying grub is there , trying to boot a non-existent distro . how do i get rid of the grub ? i am trying to get rid of ubuntu , for reasons other than `` i do n't like it '' .
sorry about the formatting , as i mentioned i am recently abroad and i have n't quite figured out where all the symbols have moved to on these international keyboards .
, i want to avoid doing that - i 'm installing ubuntu in school computers , and i wo n't be there to instruct everyone to copy and then use . i 'm not even an employee but a loco member .
no not 80mins , i mean hours because i bought some cd 's from shop with long hours .
i do n't have a desktop icon . what i meant is while evernote is running , there is an icon on the launcher . and when i close the program , it disappears . to have it stay on the launcher ( for one-click launching next time ) , i right-click and select `` lock to launcher '' . but instead of an evernote icon staying , a wine icon stays that does nothing when i click on it . i want to figure out how to get that evernote icon to stay .
when i create a folder the permission is drwx -- - and i want them to be 655 or drw-r-xr-x this goes for files as well
i used the control centre monitors tool . i think it 's an nvidia one , but i do n't know .
i do n't want to pay anything -- $ 7/mo is cheap , but i 've been trying to belt-tighten .
here i read for many users have the same problem that i have , i think ubuntu is not working on windows 8 ( 64-bit ) system
i am sorry , but i really do not remember . i think it was through the command line or it was pre-installed . i did not use a package management tool .
when i execute `u1sdtool -- status` state : standoff connection : with user with network description : waiting for connection to end is_connected : true is_error : false is_online : false queues : idle
i am sorry , i means that it even can not be booted . it stop at a black screen only has a flash point .
sorry , my first time posting in the ask section . i 'll add more screenshots in a few minutes .
-- - the font size for the general interface ( windows , apps , etc . ) changes , but not the font size of the overlay ui in gnome-shell ( app labels under applications , etc . ) , nor in unity , where the dash ui app list font is fixed at a small size .
. not really error messages as much as it will freeze or crash during installation . today it did something different , it crashed and went to a black screen with white letters . i tried to take a picture but it went away too quickly
this is a screenshot of my system settings panel have you kubuntu 14.10 ?
it 's already there ... after ifconfig
i suspected i was way-off @ pilot6 . i found the short-term fix here : it works for me too . the op states in one of the last comments that he applied it to rc.local and it created a permanent fix . i read elsewhere that chmod u+x was neccissary to make the command executable and elsewhere that /home/username/ needed to come before the command for it to work . it 's a synaptics touchpad on a lenova ideapad yoga 11s . is there any more info i could give that would be helpful to sorting this ? thanks .
can you use unity anywhere ?
yes . sorry , i do n't know the jargon too well . i can go to 127.0.0.1 and see whatever i write in /var/www/html/index.php , all of this in virtualbox . however , i want to be able to see that index.php file from any other computer now ( i.e . hosting it online from my machine ) .
`` 77.25 '' ( a string ) which indicates the percentage of cpu that is currently idle .
i also should mention that i 'm using ubuntu 14.04. edit : nevermind . i was eventually unable to do it , or to get netbeans to compile , or th use this version or that , so i gave up . i finaly managed to get gedit configured correctly , so this problem is not moot . thank you for your
**update** : unsure whether my service was being started and subsequently dying or just was n't being start at all , i added the following to pms.sh : echo `` started '' > $ startlog this obviously just gives me something to look for . i tested this by starting the service myself and then checking *start.log* . i then deleted the *start.log* and rebooted . it was n't there after the restart , so it seems as though upstart definitely is n't starting my service . i suppose it could be dying at an earlier point in the process , but that seems rather unlikely given the simplicity of it all .
checked it a number of times . message actually spells it as `` 8 % contiguous '' .
just the standard chromebook keyboard .
i use ubuntu 13.04
the problem is also that i do n't really know how to . ( feeling really stubbid right now )
yes , it is .
skype sounds bad no matter how i started it .
u mean something like for loop and counter , if that so , no sir it wont be sufficient
clone zilla does not seem to like full disk encryption..maybe i have missed something .
edit : as suggested by vasa1 in the comments , i tried marking the packages as manual using > sudo apt-mark manual gnome gnome-core that also didnt help .
indeed i 've solved this by using the official image in a seperate container then using `docker-compose` , but installing `mysql` into another image like `ubuntu` or `debian` never worked to me .
i already did , mate . look down below
nvdia drivers for ati hardware.. i dont think thats possible anyhow !
excuse me : i mean the overview ... gnome-shell displays none apps in the overview . all my favourites disappear too . it seems to be a config problem : i 've re-installed the os , and the problem remains ... unity works well .
yes karl , i have tried every option and failed .
if u have noticed that i have mentioned the same question that the solution dint worked out for me .
i do n't , my mouse freezes and i do n't get to the console . i stay on the same low graphics screen .
i tried \ in xbmc and the xbmc window got small and was located in the upper left corner .
i am using 12.04 .
i install by command sudo apt-get install nvidia-340
i updated the post with version details . do you think reinstalling notepad++ would help ?
installing it through software center and terminal gets me the same error . i 'm guessing it 's the default sources as i have n't added any new sources
yes and i downloaded the iso ( ubuntu-14.04.4-desktop-amd64 ) on april 7 2016 .
i have apache 2 and php 5. in mozilla firefox and chrome the file just downloads instead of executing , in opera the file is showed as code without running the page . the php is : php echo `` it is working '' ; echo `` again '' ; ? my php is on var/www/html/test.php
- it 's jdk 8 - i corrected the error . i 'll also check the link you provided . thank you .
audio through jack output , not over network ( initially ) .
i 've added result in edit of question
okay so i assume i 'll have my unallocated space listed as 'free space ' in the partition table . so now i just create swap partition , which should be about the size of my ram , and the / partition and i 'm good to go ?
: hi , the answer here helped me .
canoscan lide 700f
i was using kvm , but i am running a project where i need to ping , and for some reason it would n't work . i could scp to and from the guest , as well as download files using wget , etc ... but pinging would give me a `` bad address '' error .
i do n't know what you are telling me .
user login passwords
it 's related to dropbox . i tried to install dropbox through that software initially .
beautifully : ' ) thank you so much @ jacobvlijm post it as an answer and i 'll accept it
i tried unity 2d and the problem happens there too . i also tried 'unity -- reset ' but it still did n't fix it .
/bin/false is exactly what i was looking for ! feel free to turn your comment into an answer ; so i can accept it .
edit : number of usb 3.0 ports =1 . ( same problem here )
i am getting other notifications , like notifications from thunder bird
according to google and other sources shift should work , but it does nothing for me .
sudo apt-get install -f reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done correcting dependencies ... done the following packages were automatically installed and are no longer required : > gcc-4.8-base : i386 libtiff-tools use 'apt-get autoremove ' to remove > them . the following extra packages will be installed : locales the following packages will be upgraded : locales 1 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 1680 not upgraded . need to get 0 b/3924 kb of archives . after this operation , 6904 kb of additional disk space > will be used . do you want to continue ? [ y/n ]
well , the process starts with nice value of 0 , but then it is changed to 4. i tried setting the nice value manually to -11 or even -20 , but after 20-30 seconds it gets changed to 4 again . i know that the kernel scheduler can change the priority of the process , but only with 5 levels ; not from -20 to 4 .
yes . it is . i just connected to the wifi . but no other network is showing and even my wifi signal is really really weak .
edit : i have read and tried [ the solution ] [ 1 ] but it does n't work . my mouse does n't have those properties but my keyboard has them ! i have changed the properties many times ( the keyboard in `` visual core pointer '' but nothing changed ) . btw , this is [ my terminal output ] [ 2 ] ( name changed ) [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
yeah ! actually true : d
you can find the drivers [ here ] ( it does n't work on ubuntu 16.04 only 14.04 .
**edit 1 : result of doing a lspci -nn | grep vga : ** 00:02.0 vga compatible controller [ 0300 ] : intel corporation 2nd generation core processor family integrated graphics controller [ 8086:0116 ] ( rev 09 ) 01:00.0 vga compatible controller [ 0300 ] : advanced micro devices [ amd ] nee ati whistler xt [ amd radeon hd 6700m series ] [ 1002:6740 ]
`trusty 3.17.0-031700-generic` no dist-upgrade available .
, the last option of this
: i have added the information to the question .
i am sorry , i have no idea what you are talking about , i 'm new ...
i did not understand your query ?
extensions : ubuntu firefox modifications and add-ons : shokwave flash , open264 video codec and skype buttons for kopete
no . as far as i know that only works with the ati drivers .
and n.n thank you for helping me
in c : \ubuntu there is no even \winboot so no chance for wubildr.mbr . it is removed by kaskersky antivirus that i have noticed while scanning ...
i was able to complete the installation by looking into the configuration script and disabling the qv4l2 utility : `./configure -- disable-qv4l2` . thank you for responding
: as i said , via ssh . specifically , this command . `ssh -x mythbuntu @ 192.168.0.12 firefox` so , if i have firefox running on computer a , and then try to start firefox using that command , i do n't get firefox from computer the computer at 192.168.0.12 , i get another window of firefox that is already running .
the first strange thing is that the computer does n't sense the boot stick , it just boots straight to the installed ubuntu version . the only way i can boot with the stick is by pressing f12 to go to the boot menu , then select `` usb storage device '' . it then takes me to a blank gray screen , with the ubuntu tool bar at the top ( with the battery and settings icons ) , but i ca n't use my mouse or do anything else .
edit from oli : i understand this question to be from somebody who is translating an application . translators often only have a list of phrases to translate without being able to see where those phrases are used in the app . this person wants a way to quickly locate a string inside an application so they can understand the phrase better and provide the best possible translation .
nope . i have edited my question . i typed `` 30 sept 2015 4:43:42 ''
balloons : i do n't have that file , it 's just do n't exist . and i 'm using 11.10 , before that i was using 11.04 .
swapiness = 60. so this is normal ? my fedora laptop for example does not have this behaviour at all . if i open something , it only shows one process . or is it related to how htop shows these things ?
sorry . the direct connection using static ip addresses was not working , but only because i had en error in my configuration . the approach of setting static ip addresses on both sides was the correct approach .
all of the icons and folders are owned by root , which is the default , and i am able to set any of the other icons for the application launcher .
**additional details : ** - drive not showing up in gparted - `fdisk : unable to open /dev/sdd : no medium found` is the output for the command `sudo fdisk /dev/sdd` . i thought that formatting it would help me . it did n't .
i disabled it according to skype 's suggestions here and then set up alsa
when i run this my system pauses for about .5 seconds and then the desktop reappears.when i run `` sudo xfce4-session-logout -- suspend '' i receive the error message in a dialog box : failed to receive a reply from the session manager . the name org.xfce.sessionmanager was not provided by any .service files .
hell yeach . its working : d but only if this command is running : p
when installing ubuntu 14.04 lts server , i get this
i did not extract it but i use start up disk creator please help i ca n't re download my internet speed is not fast .
thanks @ letizia - please see my update , anything jump out at you ?
yes i meant the same
yes , that 's what i meant by i checked running sudoedit from root . i set a colorscheme for root , and when i run vim as root , the colors appear correct . when i run sudoedit as root , the colorscheme is loaded , but the colors are not right .
i find there is a some problem , his question is [ here ] ( maybe my ubuntu version is too old . and it means i can compiled this source code with my pc now , so bad .
i did it here : but nobody answered .
first i setup the xorg-edgers ppa with sudo add-apt repository ppa : xorg-edgers/ppa -y sudo apt-get install nvidia- current i then checked the installation with lspci -vnn |grepp -i vga -a 12 and the kernel was set as nvidia . i 'm running ubuntu 14.04 lts . i think the driver is overheating the graphic card .
the download image > create bootable media > boot > choose upgrade way . not the 'update manager ' > 'upgrade ' way if that 's what you mean .
how can i check if my graphics card support full hd ?
i entered `` ping google.com '' and it prints `` ping : unknown host google.com .
yes , i have `y` in output `mesg` command in all three terminals . this method with `echo` works at me in all these terminals .
: yes , the one i try to install now is nvidia-current
updated the question . changing the default search engine is what i had in mind .
i ca n't access the bios
i tried that , but still nothing happened , no icons in the dash menu .
i ended up spending a couple more hours after this and ultimately solved it . i 'm going to write up my troubleshooting steps when i get home in case this happens again . long story short , that is exactly the correct question to ask and learning 'route -n ' put me down the path of the actual solution .
it 's not the case . i often change the name to `` ssh '' or `` local '' depending which on what i 'm doing . i could modify my title changing script to include a unique prefix though . i.e . ' % . % ' or something like that .
**update** > and you ca n't simply store text files with descriptions in the directories ? yes i could do this . but i thought there is already a convention or specification for this . i would love to see this in nautilus : * 01-short-directory-name , long and verbose text , * 02-short-directory-name , long and verbose text2 , * ... i could not find a meta-data spec for directories myself .
i do n't know , i installed many things . i 'm using 14.04 trusty tahr daily build
it didn'y work how to let it start
it said to click on the logo to bring up different theme options but when i did nothing happened
how to make my screen display hd again .
using usbinstaller from pendrivelinux.com ... it was given in the creating bootable usbdive using windows in ubuntu.com ... i have a desktop with windows xp ...
about the version , yea i should of said that . 12.04 ubuntu , i beileve . i could also not find out how to change the boot order in the bios , but windows 8 has a button for restarting and then booting from the usb .
ha i should have phrased that better . i suppose size is the wrong word here , i mean `` amount of commands '' or something like that .
. **update : ** i can `startxfce4` , but it seems to be not the best solution , also networking does n't work there
i am using microsoft excel 2007 with wine . before ubuntu i had windows 8 on my computer . i was tired of windows 8. so i install ubuntu on my computer . but still i need microsoft excel and access . that 's why i install microsoft office with wine . microsoft office is working fine . but whenever i try to save file it shows error message which is mentioned before . i do n't know why . it is still showing windows like options , when i am trying to save file . like my computer , documents , c : drive , e : drive & z : drive etc . is it installation problem ?
i ca n't - whenever i do that , [ my system does not boot anymore ] ( also , this would be interesting when using multiple operating systems on one computer .
sadly that did n't work , the process i ran throu was : apt-get clean , apt-get autoclean , apt-get purge mysql-server* , mv /etc/mysql/ ~/temp/ , reboot machine , apt-get install mysql-server
how can default software of ubuntu be off-topic ? i stay with transmission because i do n't care i just need some downloads , and it is there so i do n't have to research about it and install extra stuff etc.. i agree that probably there are better tools out there , like always . and its a year ago and there was a way to fix it . a puzzle is always a challenge ; ) help make good things , better ! cheers !
i am using version 1.6.2. yes , muru , that is what i mean .
no , if i plug in headphones then i get sound through the headphones . but with no headphones plugged in , there is no sound through the speakers
i did n't need to after i manually remade the partitions , just booted into the bootloader normally and i just selected the os i wanted
yes i do , and then it runs /usr/share/qtcreator/ubuntu/scripts/qtc_device_run_app
yes , wifi enabling is still not working correctly . but that 's not the biggest issue for me right now , as my laptop wo n't properly suspend or shut down . anyway , yes this question still is a unresolved bug for me .
i tried to create partition table in the pendrive . updated the erro in my question .
where and how ?
yes , it was the block size that i was looking for and i found that using the tune2fs command , but what i am wondering is since the block size is 4096 bytes , files which are smaller than 4096 bytes will occupy 4096 bytes of space on the hard disk , but what about file sizes which are greater than this ?
notes : i checked the md5sum of the iso file to be e235b63c02644e219b7bf3668f479c9e *ubuntu-12.04.1-desktop-i386.iso . the desktop computer in question is an old amd duron 1800mhz with 512mb ram [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] : [ 3 ] :
my question has been edited , added hardware specifications @ cubiq
yes i have amd graphics . yes i did a fresh ubuntu install and chose to remove windows from the disk .
when i right click on the drive and look into properties it does not say the file type . i just tried to format the flash drive but received this error message `` this partition can not be modified because it contains a partition table ; please reinitialize layout of the whole device . ( udisks-error-quark , 11 ) ''
sorry about that i just added the permissions of /home/owner @ muru
i would prefer this to be about apt and making standard tools behave the way you want .
still the same error
when i close the secondly opened program , nothing has focus . i guess the desktop does . any ideas ?
i was transferring an mp4 video to my usb .
i 'm trying add the error messages
**i found the problem . ** as described in stevens blog sudo su make & & make install '' you need to use `sudo su` and not just `sudo` so it creates the directories properly . '' that is the problem with the solution describe above .
no . i set the wallpaper by system settings and there it even says that the wallpaper is 4000x2676pix but it seems to render differently . is there any way to see the render-resolution of the display e.g . by command line ?
: please provide an example
i restart my system but harddisk display freespace
no.. even the directory is not created !
i gave up and later i passed to lubuntu 16.04 , but did not try anymore this feature .
i want to access it as a ftp from my web browser in host os
yes , i run sudo apt-get update before sudo apt-get install . i 'm using ubuntu 14.04 .
i 've not done that recently , no . what should it be set to ?
i install it in the software center . sorry for the typo , it is not the app store .
i mean the character that looks like a square root . see
only chrome and google talk ... and could that be it ? update : tried disabling those , did n't solve the problem .
math : :bigint : could n't load specified math lib ( s ) , fallback to math : :bigint : :calc at /usr/local/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.14.2/crypt/dh.pm line 6 this is the script :
i thought avconv was libav-tools . i used the directions [ here ] ( to install ffmpeg .
oh , i typed for my pc ofcourse eth0 , but here i took copy- past from the refered page . any help in this ? it seems connecting my pc to internet under ubuntu is not default .
edit : i meant this game . the one above is already a bin
nope . i 've seen this problem only with gimp . ( tried , mypaint , krita and inkscape )
have i done something wrong ? if so
`3.16.0-57-generic # 77~14.04.1-ubuntu smp thu dec 17 23:20:00 utc 2015`
i click on the jdownloader icon in the unity dash
no , it does n't . in fact there 's no response to the printer once i do `` print test page '' .
11.10 was the version .
i only had 7 gb . but i found something to help free space up to 50 gb
i was n't argumenting , i just extended your comment a little further .
no , quite different . both came to me running centos . the problem machine is using vesa : mach64gm driver . the video is on the motherboard . it 's got dual amd 64 's . ca n't find the motherboard id . any idea why 12.04 insists it 's a laptop and wo n't let me change it ? ?
yeah i 've logged in as root into terminal
via terminal , sorry i have forgotten @ ron
i 'm really noob when it 's comes to non-windows os . i use gui to to do certain stuff , like copying files , adding some settings etc .
yes i do unmount it properly , the data transfer is so high like 55 mbs and it just complete in few seconds and then nothing and i check on other system it shows partial or nothing
yes i did , but your question prompted me to do another search and i found includes several tools for the job - thanks !
sometimes i copy and paste things into sublime text or gedit , i found myself in the position the other day where i needed that , it was n't saved and i was n't home . normally i would just do what i need with ssh , but this time i needed teamviewer . i was on a friend 's windows machine . i could set teamviewer to launch on boot , but i do n't want to . is there no way to do what i 'm looking for ?
i jsut tried it , the same problem .
i 've installed about five times now , and all the same result once i restart or logout to a new user . i thought for sure it would work if i did n't install my backup files , but its the same result on a fresh install once i log out or restart the system again .
mouse works perfectly with other software , generally this problem appears when i cross the board between white and black area in draftsight window
auto switch to tablet mode . disable the keyboard and touchpad on tablet mode . handle back and next touchscreen gestures when i use the internet . zoom with two fingers on images/webpages ... larger icons on tablet mode ... ( sorry about my poor english )
exactly as shown so there is hope ? how to undo it ?
, and i do miss the features that it had . currently i use evernote web , or just nothing at all
seems like nobody care about the problem . feel free to add a comment on your specific problem at :
thanke you so much . the problem was because one of my addons called `` youtube video downloader '' after removing that one , my browser is working like a charm with no unwanted script . how can i mark this question as solved ?
i usually use `apt-get update` and i currenly see them only in synaptic . but i want an automatic notification , not to check them manually .
oh.. i thought you meant something else .
part of me wants to have these as i get more involved with linux and want these to show for it . also at work , we have started using linux more and more and they know i have a real interest for it and suggested i take a course of any sort . i chose linux and they were happy to help pay for the exams . not sure if it will directly involve pay but i get to learn an area i 'm genuinely interested in and possibly have it paid for . good for a cv too .
dual boot . i can see some information about ubuntu edge , sometimes ago , and it may be no longer more activities .
no . that was end of story . switched off . i simply can not get 12.10 runing on that dell notebook .
. i am using the standardradeondriver . i have updated my question with the output oflshw -class sound .
line 40 is the 3last line ( `./setup.sh `` $ @ '' ` )
i want to make ubuntu interface like desktop in windows ( theme of windows in linux or something ) .
var/lib/plexmediaserver/library/application support/plex media server/plug-ins to be exact is where i want it to go
on running ... ./test_awk.sh it returns hye which is not the expected answer . test file has following ( just a sample ) : hello^thye^tbye
`lscpu : cpu ( s ) : 24 on-line cpu ( s ) list : 0-23 thread ( s ) per core : 2 core ( s ) per socket : 12 socket ( s ) : 1` also , i am currently running tasks that seems to be using 24 cpus . so all is well with that . but i still do not get why the system tells me 16.. ah well
yes , it is . as i told , it can be downloaded , but ca n't be executed as it should be .
i visited the nvidia website downloaded the nvidia **nvidia-linux-x86_64-304.108.run** drivers . i stopped my x server and terminated all opengl applications . i changed my run level to 3 so that it boot to vga console and installed it . i successfully installed the driver , but after installing my resolution has changed to *640x480* and now i am stuck , and i ca n't access my sidebar .
i have a nvidia graphics card ( geforce gtx ) but i dont remember which version .
i 'm not sure , but i 've tried lots of them such as remove accessibility and so on , but none of them succeed
i have an optimus laptop so by default im using the mesa drivers . i have nvidia drivers but i have to explicitly use them by using bumblebee 's optirun . is there any workaround i could use right now to solve this ? i can not work on any coursework while open office continues crashing like this .
i have added the terminal output of : sudo apt-get update . please comment
for ex : having folder as futures in ubuntu . that folder im copying to nas box or to any usb disk . and when in accessing same from windows system the name of that folder is chaging ... ...
yeah that 's definitively the solutions i adopted . an sh script will search every 3 seconds for an usb called `` xxx '' in /media , which is the default directory where usb are auto-mounted in ubuntu . i will ask to the users to format their usb and call them `` xxx '' .. thank you however .
i have tried 'efibootmgr ' to do it in a terminal , but am getting the error above . i have also tried to change it at the boot screen by pressing f2 when turning on , and partition 2 , the one i believe my ubuntu is on , is not even available to select to add as a boot option .
this is the link which i used to install teamspeak3 tried to get the desktop launcher.. no idea where i went wrong
i installed ubuntu using a bootable pendrive . how can reinstall it properly to make all things work
sorry about that : )
hmmm ... that 's a good one . i never looked at it like that . i do have primary keys on every table ( naturally ) . this may be a contributing factor . let 's check it out . thanks !
same deal , it does n't detect the existence of a second monitor
it 's happening during downloading . change in clients do n't help
gala , compiz , mutter , metacity , xfwm4 ( iirc ) , enlightenment ...
that is what i meant . sorry if i was unclear .
, according to this link , if you want to see the source code of a package , all you need to do is , *sudo apt-get source* . hope this helps .
i already tried 10.10 yesterday with exact same results . i am trying 10.04 now because i was hoping the lts version would be more stable in this regard . since it seems to be the same , i think it does n't matter if i install 10.10 now and fix that , or just fix the 10.04 i have now .
i do n't , it 's a hand-down from a now deceased relative , could n't find any documentation cd 's with it .
yes i am connected to the internet
j0h : it 's just for the sake of interoperability within a project where not everyone is familiar with octave . so , yeah ! and yes , root privileges are indeed needed for the install on ubuntu . so it 's better to sudo the install of matlab so that any required directories can be created and symbolic links can be made , while still keeping the application accessible to ordinary users and not just root .
, as mentioned in the second paragraph of my question , i have opened them in inkscape , and there are n't any problems there . at least , none that i can determine . if there 's a particular tool or function in inkscape that i can use to probe the file , please let me know .
that was it , thanks !
i 'd like to have them both on the ssd ( if possible ) ( for boot )
32 bit and virtual
it is a micro-drive for a laptop . i connected to a usb adapter that has a sata hardware interface . i did not try to open up my desktop case and plug it directly into an open sata port .
, yes .
there was not such options that it ask me to select boot loader i have installed ubuntu 12.04
i have an intel card and an nvidia in optimus mode . let me know how to get you the info in case you need anything technical .
**edit : ** output of `apt-cache policy openssh-client` is : openssh-client : installed : 1:5.9p1-5ubuntu1.4 candidate : 1:5.9p1-5ubuntu1.4 version table : *** 1:5.9p1-5ubuntu1.4 0 500 precise-updates/main amd64 packages 100 /var/lib/dpkg/status 1:5.9p1-5ubuntu1.3 0 500 precise-security/main amd64 packages 1:5.9p1-5ubuntu1 0 500 precise/main amd64 packages
i ca n't run `echo 2` , this is precisely my problem
lol omg this question made my rep number thing go up a lot @ _ @
i tried using cifs-utils to mount the smb share . it gets done but requires login-in password for remote pc . i guess it 's ok but is n't there a way by which i could directly load a file without actually mounting the shared folder ?
it puts them directly in `/tmp`
i misunderstood you , i thought you were saying that maybe it would need yum to install something . you were right , that was the problem , i didnt have gcc-arm . thanks a lot !
bootup process and loading of applications is slow . as for application , when i click the icon , after 4-5 seconds it loads up .
intel gma 950 using 64 mb of ddr2 sdram , according to
it would tell me file sync was up-to-date . i had to reboot after some update , after that it worked properly . go figure , windowseske flakesome .
i aslo wrote `` hash -r '' due to which above command are coming.before this it was giving npm command not found .
will try re-installing ubuntu and upgrading the kernel . my edits with the system configuration or blacklists.conf might have caused the issue . anyways , thanks for the big help : - )
thanks for the question , the wireless driver is very complex , and to alter the periodicity of it calibrations might induce some unintended results . i would have to do this since it only does its calibrations for intervals that are much too long for my needs . since i know exactly how to profile the device in a separate module , i am just curious to know if i can gain access to the same area of memory that the driver is working with .
when i run ntpdate -u 192.168.1.25 i get the offset , and i 'm assuming it also sets the time correctly . however , when i try to set ntpdate up in cron , it wo n't run . i 'm not sure why , but since it is depricated , i did n't really worry about it .
i 'm sorry but i 'm not aware of the version of gnome . although i do n't believe it 's related to the problem i 'm having . same problem occurs while using the unix desktop environment .
it says nothing . no output .
, i have stated above i live in the usa . if you need to know which state , i live in michigan . i would not like to get more specific than that .
i do n't think so , how do i check 22 is open , i 'm pretty new to this stuff .
**update** the answer is much more silly than i thought . apparently , the usb stick ( physically ) moved at some point during the install process and interrupted it . as mentioned in the comments , all i had to do was to reboot the system and restart the installation all over again . it went smoothly . it even automatically detected how much space i assigned to each partition . i hope this helps any one in the future .
it was installed by someone not by me . i newly got this system . : ( @ takkat
yes , i am connected to internet
i was not able to copy and paste all of the output but it said partition table : gpt . efibootmgr is already newest version . efibootmgr set to manually installed . 0 ugraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove , and 217 not ugraded . there is way too much more output to fully describe to you . is there a way i can send you a link of it ?
you are right , i should have been clearer , i have installed the zram swap enabler
the slideshow that are running locally on a client will check for every 5th minute if there have been any changes to the slideshow on the server . that 's why i do not think saving the page as a mhtml archive will work .
no , no ufw package installed
louis , yes i could do that , if i knew how : ( i made the shot jus t do n't know how to insert .
i viewed `` this pc '' in settings and there was intel graphic card . now it says ati radeon : )
thanks for migating , was n't even aware of this se site . all i really look for in a text editor is easy indenting and paranthese highlighting and line passing to r. on windows notepad++ does everything i want really . for latex i like an editor that has some of the codes build in in dropdownmenus or whatever .
no - that 's the standard theme .
thats the guide i used . it worked well , no problems with install .
i have never changed anything there so i hop it 's correct . updated accordingly .
yup but sometimes it causes me lags .
at this moment just bluetooth is necessary .
no . that is what i have now . i was just wondering if it is possible to get this set up as early as possible . does using `d-i pkgsel/include ... .` mean that all package downloads will go though the proxy ?
the links , so far , does n't address my question . i have no problem turning the touchpad off and making it stay off after reboot but when i login after the computer has been in an altered power mode it 's on again . is n't there a way to permanently disable a device like touchpad ?
`` db-migrate up ''
thanks for the reply . my apologies yes the path i said was incorrect the file is in the home/usrname/.ssh/ and the file name is id_rsa . i jsut opened it again taking care to spell it correctly and it is definitely empty .
i just upgraded to 15.10
i am using ext4 filesystem ( added to the question ) . i tried mounting 1 ) by assigning it to be mounted as `/data` in the manual partitioning step of the installation 2 ) by editing the `fstab` file .
i do n't know , how to know this ?
thank you shiki ! disabling adblock did the trick !
it 's an hp envy m6-1103es . so should i select sda and not the efi partition ? when using that command i read [ this ] ( ( unidad de disco duro usb=usb hard drive unit )
, seeing how it was first timers , the lug out here decided to distribute 12.04 , that being more stable .
i used the option to install it alongside windows 10 , so i guess it was installed on uefi mode
no . i will try 16.04 and post back
because it reads : the secret service was already initialized the ssh agent was already initialized the gpg agent was already initialized ok ? or am i just being silly ?
i want to install longman dictionary .
i 'm using the nvidia card . also , i think the problem is compiz , since one day , after a restart , my laptops graphics were fine again . it 's only after compiz has an error that it starts glitching out for days again .
**edit : ** i 'm not talking about packages installed using `apt-get` . i 'm looking for the source code of linux/unix commands .
sorry , i 've been using emacs since 1975 ... it 's in my firmware now ...
i attempted to follow that instruction but failed at the first step . `chown ubuntu : ubuntu ~/.ssh/id_rsa` ailed with the message `chown : can not access 'home/ubuntu/.ssh/is_rsa ' : no such file or directory` . ssh is on the computer but it 's not accessible via home , but instead via another directory called `etc` .
`please make sure you have the correct access rights and the repository exists . + cd /var/www/proj/deploy-test + git pull origin master host key verification failed . fatal : could not read from remote repository . please make sure you have the correct access rights and the repository exists.` but when i run it via terminal ( `php test.php` ) it works fine .
install the intel hd 3000 video driver ? ] ( ) > [ how to install intel graphics hd 3000 drivers ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
oh i see , so i should first do mysqladmin password mypassword ?
gnu emacs 24.3.1 ( x86_64-pc-linux-gnu , gtk+ version 3.10.7 ) of 2014-03-07 on lamiak , modified by debian . i still have this issue in 14.04 , i 'll update the question accordingly
funny you should mention it , ryekayo .
what about i copy this file and directory from another pc with the same system . ? is it going work ?
i 'm running lubuntu desktop now and this is what it says :
it 's just a personal preference .
i used linuxlive usb creator 2.8.13
yes , kubuntu . ( mint 17 kde ) . i 'm using this os for ! ! ! ! 2 ! ! ! ! days already .
no , i used one virtual machine as master and issued a command that needs to be executed in parallel with the help of other 15 slaves and each task of the program needs 8 threads ... . when i opened the gui for them i found the 8 process utilize 0 % of cpu and with the state `` sleep ''
add-apt-repository ppa : gwendal-lebihan-dev/cinnamon-stable
rt2870/mt7601u @ artm
yes that is exactly what i want to do . i want to use as much of the hard drive space as possible for the current ubuntu installation .
at the end . just before finishing . i should say that i try to install linux from wubi while on windows . i do not restart and change bios settings to run from usb
p.s i cant format disk `` error fsyncing/closing /dev/sdb1 : input/output error ''
this is most of the answer . my hd is mbr so that 's a no . can you poast as the answer and i 'll mark as answered ?
i have done a simple copy to produce an error because i can no longer re-do what originally caused the problem . i was running a program with the robot operating system ( ros ) and when the disk became full something very bad happened and it broke ros .
no i do n't get any confirmation dialog box !
-rw-rw-r -- 1 .gitconfig
there is one tool , i forgot the name , which is for the terminal ( ncurses based i think ) and it shows signal strength and/or hearbeat for the current wifi connection ... but it is displaying real-time values and does not show history ... ( i think it 's called wavemon or similar )
edit : for clarification , these are logs of the guest . nat routing is working . the problem seems to be on the vm guest side .
- how do i contact canonical for this specific question . is it the same email for everything or is there an specific for this sort of things ?
yes : # locale -a c c.utf-8 de_at.utf8 de_be.utf8 de_ch.utf8 de_de de_de.iso88591 de_de.utf8 de_li.utf8 de_lu.utf8 en_ag en_ag.utf8 en_au.utf8 en_bw.utf8 en_ca.utf8 en_dk.utf8 en_gb.utf8 en_hk.utf8 en_ie.utf8 en_in en_in.utf8 en_ng en_ng.utf8 en_nz.utf8 en_ph.utf8 en_sg.utf8 en_us.utf8 en_za.utf8 en_zm en_zm.utf8 en_zw.utf8 posix
yes , and it brought up the screen to create a partition . i set the side running windows with 1 tb and the side with ubuntu with just under 1 tb .
ok so , this is the result from ; `sudo apt install steam reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done steam : i386 is already the newest version ( 1:1.0.0.48-1ubuntu3 ) . the following packages were automatically installed and are no longer required : linux-headers-4.4.0-21 linux-headers-4.4.0-21-generic linux-image-4.4.0-21-generic linux-image-extra-4.4.0-21-generic linux-signed-image-4.4.0-21-generic use 'sudo apt autoremove ' to remove them . 0 to upgrade , 0 to newly install , 0 to remove and 0 not to upgrade.`
yes , both of them are running on ubuntu and are on the same subnet as you said . what i have done so far is to add route on **server1** to communicate with lan2 via 192.168.0.3 , but the only ip address i can ping from server1 is 192.168.1.1. i can not ping other hosts in **lan2**
sorry , i do not my original ubuntu was a dual boot with wubi and upon my partitioning for bt5r2 i was unable to load my ubuntu
yes , i have logged in here but do n't know how to use this
, i use ultraiso on windows 7.burning always finishs succesfully .
no , sda6 partition that my ubuntu installed still exists but its listed as sda5 now
yes , i would expect that too . to add comments : i just right click on the mp4 video file , go to properties , then details , select one of the many metadata available options ( the list goes into the hundreds but in my case i just use comments and tags ) and then just type into the field . afterwards from windows explorer i can choose from the folder options to show me along with name , type etc of the files that live within the folder also a column for `` comments '' and `` tags ''
yes ! added the result
have a look @ the update
edits & updates : testing this morning , the redirection behaves the same without sudo . a typical printf statement looks like : printf ( `` info : passed safety check\n '' ) ; i 'm using a default set up for ubuntu 14.04 on an arm processor , so i believe i 'm using bash . i confirmed with , echo $ shell produces /bin/bash
> this question is not deleted because it has historical significance , but it is > not considered a good , on-topic question for this site , so please do > not use it as evidence that you can ask similar questions here . > > more information :
could not add a 14.04 tag . and the question is what does the call trace indicate
2015.10.28 ( amd64 )
guest os - i am running windows 8 and ubuntu is running as guest
what do you mean ? can you automate this process with ubuntu ? it has to be 100 % automated because alot of people i work on there computers barley know how to put a cd in . no really special requirements . just all the os'es is windows .
, windows 8 is on 500gb drive and ubuntu on another 320gb drive
thanks for responding , but i can not boot into ubuntu . how am i supposed to install anything ? i do n't remember the exact version , but it 's 14.xx something i believe .
the output is 'unknown '
sorry , yes , i ran ssh-keygen in $ home , but checked files in $ home/.ssh these files left from my previous attempt , when i entered key faile name as .ssh/id_github . i checked $ home for id_github* files and found them zero lenght again .
( i removed some uninteresting lines )
i want to remove since in 16.04 eclipse 3.8 is not working properly .
i ordered the cd 10.04 and the cd base to x60 to test whether the problem occurs in 10.04. i get also x60s on 11.11. so i have more computers to debug the problem . it takes me now at least the given about two weeks to have sufficient infrastructures with me to push the case forward .
yes , it boots until grub but that 's it , nothing else , tried many things but nothing . i just want to reverse to ubuntu default graphics instead of amd
//civil.poderjudicial.cl/civilporweb/consultadetalleatpublicoaccion.do ? tip_consulta=1 & tip ; _cuaderno=1 & crr ; _idcuaderno=7579481 & rol ; _causa=18271 & tip ; _causa=c & era ; _causa=2011 & crr ; _idcausa=6167227 & cod ; _tribunal=390 & tip ; _informe=1 & [ 3 ] : http :
2 things : terminal reacts in no way whatsoever when i type dmesg | grep rtl . suddenly additional drivers recognizes my driver but says it is not currently in use . i have tried the wireless function key just in case it was just off but that too gets me nowhere . i 'm also now getting 'kvm disabled in bios ' on startup as well as a message about amd microcode fam16.bin . again , total noob , just dropping anything that looks out of the ordinary to me . error messages at boot , in my limited experience , not desirable .
it is n't , every time i open the terminal it stays the same . i 've added my local bin directory to $ path in my .bashrc file , which seems to get the job done .
yes i shut windows down politely , it dose this at every boot up .
what about /opt folder ?
after one month of installing/uninstalling kernels & nvidia drivers the problem persists . this is happening only on ubuntu 13.04.every previous distribution works perfect .
i have checked on a different unser account , but the icons are gone there too . the local/share/applications folder shows some weird .desktop-files , as some of them contain the line `hidden=true` ( gimp or totem for instance ) , but none of the not showing icons .
with that command it outputs : `the program 'g++-4.4 ' can be found in the following packages : *hardening-wrapper *g++-4.4 try : sudo apt-get install`
my laptop model is asus k52j
intel core 2 duo , 2gb ram , but is more a comparison of os what i ment by this question .
only the font , no bloatware pls
nothing ? but i do n't have many applications installed yet .
i read it on a website somewhere . as i stated , i am completely new to this as of yesterday . how would i run software center ?
the threshold and the timeout are adjustable . the purpose of the script is to prevent screensaver when e.g. , a movie is being played but the keyboard is not being touched .
well , i am going to consider hardware mod if nothing else helps i 'd will obviously prefer to manage without that if possible . regarding the debian link - `echo 1 > pwm1_enable` and `n > fan1_pwm` seem to change nothing at all ( i have also tried playing with the numbers ) . i am going to continue experimenting with other things mentioned in that article .
|||| it seems thatthe internet is just stupidly sloooow . it loads website from time to time . but its just 1 in 100 ...
its ubuntu server . should i have used desktop ? im installing it as the only os on the laptop..
right now when i start up the laptop at university residence ( with one 1440x900 vga monitor ) , default setting ( seen in gui preferences ) is vga enabled at 1366x768 and lvds1 disabled . i tried calling `xrandr -- output lvds1 -- auto` , which works when called in gui .
it is ubuntu 12.04. syslog is in /var/log . yes `` grub_cmdline_linux_default= '' quiet splash acpi=off '' `` line is still there .
nvidia 525m and intell integrated hd graphics 3000
**update**whenever i try to run pm-hibernateit goes into hibernation for a split second and comes back .
thanks for pointing out it is working : )
umm by opening an iso . is it possible ?
added to the question .
i installed ubuntu using wubi .
a tiny grey line appears next to it which might be a border of a tooltip that is supposed to be there but is n't .
dolphin has much more features of sorting than other , but also no record date
still same issue
yad stands for `` yet another dialog ''
how to fix problem - is the second question ( i could open image with 'open with other application ' option ) . i do n't undestand where it came from then ?
windows is 32bit , it shows 3 gigs of the 4 because being 32bit..but why is 64bit ubuntu showing 2.9 ?
no , i just want to play android app ( free ) like in windows ( bluestacks )
thanks for the link . according to that thread , the bug was fixed in synaptic-0.75.2ubuntu6 . running `` apt-cache policy synaptic '' says i have 0.75.9ubuntu1 installed . `` apt-get update & & apt-get dist-upgrade '' says i 'm fully up to date .
done ( a phone number would follow the name on the same line ) : )
ok so i started a windowed app in an 1024x768 desktop ( it was windowed ) . all went fine so far but when i started starcraft the desktop went to 800x600 ( starcraft 's resolution ) and stayed that way until i closed starcraft and then it went back to normal and the first app was still there ...
i was looking something like hide-remove-changeposition etc..
software center said it could not install the beta version because there was an already existing chrome . my first thought was the unstable chrome since it is the only one there .
for example , in the terminal i can do `` pm-suspend '' , and that suspends the computer.but i want the computer to come out of this suspend a couple of days later , on its own , and i do n't know how to do that .
i added the content of the file as requested . i was thinking indeed to try inserting the livecd and boot to check if the drive works then . i will check the bios and return .
yes a bunch of files show up that way . what does it mean ? where are they ? of how do i clean it ?
i never managed to have it working but instead i discovered that ssh works .
**ps . ** this is how i removed the plugin before installing it again : apt-get remove -- purge pepperflashplugin-nonfree reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done the following packages will be removed : pepperflashplugin-nonfree* 0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 1 to remove and 6 not upgraded . after this operation , 66.6 kb disk space will be freed . do you want to continue ? [ y/n ] y ( reading database ... 199594 files and directories currently installed . ) removing pepperflashplugin-nonfree ( 1.3ubuntu1 ) ... purging configuration files for pepperflashplugin-nonfree ( 1.3ubuntu1 ) ... apt-get clean thanks
good to know , i was about to send a bug report in to launchpad to let people know it would need to be removed for non-functionality . will test with lubuntu .
- start your comment with `` @ '' before the name of the user you are addressing
the error message is about the xorg file and has to do with insurance bumblebee because clearing the energy savings and enable the nvidia longer i get .
( started with last version 6.0.6 )
in windows , i can try system restore or safe mode . it seems i do n't have options to try in ubuntu .
from each file i want to get name , pathname , hash .. i saw that with -exec command i can execute additional operation on the files ( in this case compute the hash and get the file type with `` file '' command ) .i would like to fill a sqlite table with different columns ( name , pathname , last access time , hash , type , .. ) . so i need to extract the informations from the previous command and put them in some variable before using them . for example i would like to create the variables name=examplename , pathname=pathname , .. and use them as i prefer ( in my case fill a table ) . i hope i was clear
yes ! wubi was installed on another partition .
i updated my question , i put link to my modem spec at the end .
the error happens after the menu which lists try ubuntu , install ubuntu , etc.it only gets as far as the screen with a toolbar on the top that includes power , sound , and two arrows . that is when the message displays .
yes , an xfce panel would go in the space . i might try to look through the source for an option .
what details do you want.. ? i connect using a cisco anyconnect compatible plugin , provide details , username and password and connect to the network .
, using terminal ..unity command prompt , is it the 'alt + f2 ' command ?
i should 've realized that . it needs a ram upgrade . i will try the install again when i get the new ram . thanks !
here is my pastebin :
aha , i do n't run it daily
update : sometimes i get blank black screen and sometimes blank white screen
me too . it did not . nor did the purge with aptitude .
after i type y , it just says command not found since i 'm typing y in ~ $
sublime text 2 is installed . the font i am interested in is the default font sublime installs with . ca n't find the name of it
it does not . i 've also tried settings those values from within the script - did n't help
i 've change both tomcat7 and apache so netstat output is now : tcp 0 0 0.0.0.0:80 0.0.0.0 : * listen - tcp 0 0 0.0.0.0:8080 0.0.0.0 : * listen - but my app still timeouts on port 80 ( still working on 8080 )
edited main post with link to d3 forum . i also have flash installed .
yes i am using wifi at the same time as well .
nothing seems to happen with the print button , i do n't know if it does anything without showing it to me . i checked under pictures and there 's no screenshot there .
i do not ; i use a zowie celeritas . however , i do recall having problems with plugging it in via usb instead of ps/2 so i will quickly put on an adapter and check if that helps anything .
i do n't know if it a problem but i 've a *dos label* with an *ext4 fstype* ? perhaps it is good , but i do not know if i can have dammage when i will write
i just commented the last 5 lines of that source list . and it works perfectly .
not real sure just exactly what you are requesting ? ? ? ?
what i need is to be able to `` connect '' to the local folders of one evolution client from another . the idea is to have only one set of local folders that are used by two evolution clients . the write-access permissions wo n't be a problem because only one client will be running at a time .
are you encountering the same problem ?
nope , does it matter ?
hey , thanks for the response ! i had given up on this and forgotten about it . cheers !
it 's for an elderly couple . ubuntu runs fine on it , and i could teach them to use nautilus , but it would be so simple for them if they could just have to click on the unity button , and browse their family photos and videos from there .
-- - relevant output : $ dmesg | grep mount [ 1.515956 ] ext4-fs ( sda1 ) : mounted filesystem with ordered data mode . opts : ( null ) [ 2.750742 ] ext4-fs ( sda1 ) : re-mounted . opts : errors=remount-ro
-- -- -- -- -- edit : -- -- -- -- - is n't there a way to modify the **default behavior** of the **xfce4 power manager when pushing the power button ? ** also instead of using the gui to do so , can i do it by **creating/modifying a configuration file ? ** jbowtie had an interesting answer but i can not find the xfce4-power-manager.xml file . if someone knows where to find that file or how to create it , i would be interested .
okay , then how do i start writing data to my other storage devices ?
i was having some other problems ( maybe related ) so i am doing a clean install . i will try to install cuda again after i configure my new os .
thanks mtmiller , thats exactly what i was searching for ! ! !
i 've tried apt , aptitude , download . seems to be a problem with my sistem tho ' . i 'm getting the same errors when i try to install wine
no i 'm not ... ..
that 's what i 'm thinking , but i have n't managed to find anything . but still , this issue did n't exist with 13.10 and i 've done pretty much nothing since the upgrade .
you mean `` sudo apt-get install '' . i have already installed that but still no luck . thanks for you response allan .
11.10 oneiric ocelot
it had passed so , so much since i posted the question , and i had already ditched ubuntu by the end of 2013 and gone back to os x since then . so it 's not feasible to validate your answer . sorry ...
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ restore the ctrl + alt + num pad 4 and 6 window positioning commands ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted text
i was unable to change it back to ntfs , no probs , had recovered the data by booting from a live cd.. : ) copied it , and got rid of that drive.. : ) thanks for your replies .
an acceptable answer .
i selected the default proposed during the remote install ... you reckon i will have to reinstall the whole thing ? ?
well sorry to say this but like i said it has been awhile that i have been trying to get this to work , i cant remember the exact links to the sources your looking for but i do know that 90 % of them said something about installing the bcmwl-kernal-source package and the proprietary drivers window , sorry about not being able to provide exact links , they were on this website though
yes , i mean the wifi network card . i am using ubuntu 14.04 lts .
i 've posted the output of the `lsblk` command .
it 's not ntfs problem . i can assure you that .
nope , all of ubuntu is installed on the same partition ( apart from swap space and boot )
9.10 worked fine for the web developers so ca n't trust new releases 10.04 & 10.10
i 'm talking about specific programs that i 've compiled , but i think i have a problem with execution in general , because i tried to create new programs , compile and execute them , and they do n't work either . my program is main.cpp . when i compile it i type g++ -c main.cpp , then i trype ./main.cpp and i get that `` permission denied '' message .
[ 11.128989 ] nouveau e [ device ] [ 0000:03:00.0 ] unknown chipset , 0x118010a2 [ 11.129037 ] nouveau e [ drm ] failed to create 0x80000080 , -22
because it seems time consuming to upgrade twice instead of upgrading straight to 15.04
normally , that would n't be a bad idea . however , i do n't think i will for a couple of reasons . as you 've already said , the modules were never there in the first place , which meant that i 'd probably deleted them myself , which is pretty likely with how much i play with my system 's inner workings . this issue is probably specific to me and what i did seems more like a dirty workaround than a solution anyway . meh , it does n't matter anyway . this question has n't had any activity since april . i think we 're done here . i will accept your answer though , because it 's a good answer .
now i have the nandroid backup , so i extracted the contacts2.db , and i want to convert it to a .vcf file , so i could have my contacts in my new phone ( i did n't use the google sync , i forgot )
... i tried shared folder i added host path of that folder to share in vm but not found on my guest os
: i am using my hard drive , yes , inside my computer
- i have the same permissions . if it was a permission issue it probably would n't update the file timestamp .
to replace vmware tools and open-vm-tools ? never heard of it
not for me . i do n't think it 's related to games like bioshock where it does work . the mouse just feels like it 's stuck in mud for most of the time and then weeeee it 's on the next screen . sure it 's something that 'll get fixed the more i whinge about it ; )
yes when you right click on a file or folder there is ubuntu one and share is greyed out . the folder is synced
i want to use treeview in qml : treeview { anchors.fill : parent tableviewcolumn { title : `` nom '' role : `` nom_role '' } } but the treeview key its unknow , and i do n't how to use it ! you have same example ?
note that i 'm not trying to create a live usb stick . i just want to boot from the usb stick to install opensuse . i read those instructions but it was n't clear to me if they applied to the installation image as well as the live image .
it 's my laptop inbuilt keyboard .
yeah , but i was thinking of something that would also list the ( hdx , y ) stuff that grub needs.. it could be useful for users that are n't too familiar with the naming conventions
i dont have the driver for both .
i copied that line from a webpage - it does n't work with aptitude but does run with apt-get
it uses fat32 filesystem
yes i have found the problem is i dont have dns on that line . after adding it the problem got resolved . pls write it as an answer . so that i will mark this is solved . thankyou : )
i 've been looking at that today , still does n't make the question invalid .
in u-d13 post i see java process in terminal . so propably you using something which run java in background . every time when i run ide which based in java , first i run skype .
nephente - 1 . ) ubuntu 13.04 , 2 . ) the link that the command fetches from is and 3 . ) the web page just says java..
the exact video card i bought : vendor string : advanced micro devices , inc. opengl renderer string : amd radeon r7 200 series opengl core profile version string : 4.3.13084 core profile
no , i accepted it as solved .
yes , i did that , though i used 'mysql* ' as the reg exp , just to be safe .
i was using nvidia 's own installer which runs in console and checks if the server is still running ( and does n't move further if it is )
thank you sir
the mouse and keyboard are frozen so i am assuming its hung . i consistently get this when i run the `` ubuntu , with linux 4.4.0-31-generic '' and the `` ubuntu , with linux 4.4.0-31-generic ( upstart ) '' options . but when i run the `` ubuntu , with linux 4.4.0-31-generic ( recovery mode ) '' everything is fine .
i do have the `` advanced options for ubuntu '' submenu , which presents me with `` ubuntu , with linux 4.2.0-17-generic '' , followed by ( upstart ) and ( recovery mode ) options , and then the same trio with 3.16.0-34-generic options .
downloaded from developer.android.com/sdk/ and extracted to `/opt/android-studio`
ya it has written not available for firefox 4.0.1.but apart from that can i install and work on it ?
sorry just now seeing this . let me try that .
. who told me to compile ? i read this page : `` make sure that you use an up-to-date version of gedit . ... '' i downloaded the latest version ( tar.xz ) and read install .
no , there is no other screen attached to this laptop . this problem happens unpredictably , i mean sometimes it is gone but again it appears abruptly.also , restarting the laptop does not solve the issue .
i 'm trying to boot from live usb . i tried a couple of distros ( new and older ) to no avail . my guess is that i 'm missing some bios permission to boot on a usb . i get to grub but then it wont ' boot to live .
good idea , and i did end up trying to boot from the live cd of 10.04 as well as 9.10 to no avail . tried installing wicd and that did n't work and i lost the applet that displays my connection status ( wireless and wired ) in the process . the only variable that i can figure out is that i switched from centurylink to comcast . all other hardware/software is the same . all the other computers on the network connect just fine .
thx for noticing it . idk ubuntu has a sleep command . it 's working properly now when i add 3 seconds sleep in between those 2 commands .
ashu the output is ' can not open /dev/sda '
i have a makefile in that directory and i tried to run make command but this error shows up : unrecognized option -non_shared . what should i do ?
yes , i installed hplip ; the problem is not the printer . some explanation : the full pop-up starting oneiric-desktop-choice gnome '' , or `` cinnamon '' is : `` no system tray detected on this system . unable to start , exiting . ''
no , but it turned out to just be a permissions issue . see my answer below .
`diyan @ shah-g : ~ $ sudo apt-get install -f reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done 0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded . diyan @ shah-g : ~ $ `
no spaces mate : ( thx
# set the maximum number of fuse mounts allowed to non-root users . # the default is 1000 . # # mount_max = 1000 # allow non-root users to specify the 'allow_other ' or 'allow_root' # mount options . # user_allow_other
i 've already got the animated image , i 'm just wondering how i can make it run at startup .
using `uname -a` i got : `linux mango 3.19.0-43-generic # 49~14.04.1-ubuntu smp thu dec 31 15:44:49 utc 2015 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 gnu/linux` and for `lsusb` : `bus 002 device 001 : id 1d6b:0003 linux foundation 3.0 root hub bus 001 device 002 : id 5986:0672 acer , inc bus 001 device 003 : id 8087:0a2b intel corp. bus 001 device 001 : id 1d6b:0002 linux foundation 2.0 root hub`
edit : solved . normally just copying the contents of your old [ ... ] .default folder into your new one does work . the reason this was n't working for me is because the permissions of the backup files were strangely configured ( i was n't being recognized as the owner , and therefore could n't access them ) . that seems like a separate problem though , so i 'll post that somewhere else .
: thanks for the suggestion . where is the official mirror to download ubuntu 12.04 with kernel version 3.2.0.24 ?
yes but i just resolved it ! ! : d i noticed there was a refresh button next to the mac address field in network settings . i clicked that a few times tried with nat and then again bridged adapter , now it works again : d but i still do n't understand why i suddenly had lost internet connection . well the nxt time this happens i 'll just refresh the mac address : d
how exactly do i do that ? i booted it today the same way i normally would . thanks !
i doubt this is relevant but i just restarted with a live cd and the keys all worked there . well it 's kind of relevant because it verifies what i was thinking ... worst case scenario i can format and reinstall and the issue will go away .
your are correct ... 64 bit ...
sorry what is that ? im a beginner in networking . i just use a normal internet connection without proxy , etc
which link @ dadexix86 ?
i 've linked few projects together and i 'm getting some unpredictable behavior , so i want to remove all links and `` start fresh ''
added solution .
do when ubuntu freezes ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
why i am trying by the .php file but still
i set with long preamble
fro this `` i downloaded ubuntu 14.04.3lts zip file . the next step is unclear to me .
it is a 16.04//
the computer still boots to the desktop it just has alot of grahpical issues . like everything still works other then viewing pictures and the graphical issues and not being able to update . and yah i can @ saiarcot895
linux . i 've been beating on this thing for weeks now . i 've tried all kinds of options with ubuntu versions , graphics cards , drivers etc . basically , it looks like the card/driver/os combinations reject any kind of 3d acceleration .
i used mysql apt repository from [ link ] (
yes it gets listed
well i want to use ubuntu minimal instalation but i assume that most solutions will be distribution independent
**update : ** okay , so i upgraded my gtx 570 to a gtx 970 , thought i would try again to see whether things have changed or not ( installed driver 343.22 ) . everything worked fine , a couple boots later at the login screen i ca n't type in my password , because my keyboard and mouse do not seem to work . after 5-10 secs on the login scrren , it simply freezes ( have to press the reset button ) . it must be related to the original problem , because ~1 out of 3 boots i also end up with a low resolution .
hi @ kos you tried the example `` timeout 10 echo foo > bar `` .here the command echo bar takes less than 10 sec to terminate . so timeout is basically doing nothing.so it is writing to file . try some command that run for more than 10s and give a timeout 10 to it.it is then not producing output in file .
yea thats what i mean auto complete the name i tried to hit the tab key and its not working should i install any script for this ?
this is on a vps . i 'm not familiar with openvz , what is that ? a virtualization mechanism ?
i have n't uninstalled gnome 3 yet . i installed gnome 3 from a terminal . i used these commands `sudo add-apt-repository ppa : gnome3-team/gnome3` `sudo apt-get update` `sudo apt-get install gnome-shell`
is n't vps ( virtual machine ) .
when ubuntu freeze i have to restart my pc to work i can not do any things before restart .
im not sure , honestly
i have n't got a chance to try it and am now away from the computer but just wanted to thank you for looking into it . i 'll post back once i get to the computer again .
i put a breakpoint in the javascript code that handles the xhr response , and examined the full text of the response , as follows : `var x = request.response ; x.charcodeat ( 0 ) ; ` prints : `10` so it 's a newline character .
you misunderstood , i did n't reinstall ubuntu from scratch . i reinstalled ubuntu-desktop from the console : i 'm trying to avoid reinstalling ubuntu entirely , because i do n't have a cd burner , which would mean i 'd have to reinstall ubuntu 12.xx , the only linux cd i have with me , over 14.xx .
no live cd ... and before update grub its workig well ... and it was also show the grubloader also but now it can n't show grubloader and so i can not load windows7.. if u can n't understand my problem than i can explain in other way.. because i m not good enough in explain . so plz reply and thank u..
well , the mouse disappearing way you mentioned is just ok for me . but in my case , the mouse will continue disappearing after i finished my tying , i.e. , i move the mouse in the edit area without seeing the arrow/cursor . currently , this only happens in google-chrome location bar and tomboy .
exec because i want to be able to execute , dev and async because they are included in default and i do n't know what 's their actual impact is .
no , i am not behind a proxy .
thank 's zacharee , my appologies for not trying harder . i could n't find it because i did n't realize the terminal did n't open already at the root . now i just need to change the permissions . i 've tried sudo gedit /etc/hosts in the terminal , as suggested by gabriel , and it did n't like it :
, please check the link below ( in answer ) . i guess `` sumo/sumo2 `` is my card and it has some drivers for 16.04. but i do not know how to install it . also , i can not see anything about my graphics card in `` about this computer `` .
what do you mean ? an iconified window is one that is minimized to the taskbar , i want windows to start out that way so they do n't interfere with my current window .
yes , messaging . if possible other things too ... wall posts , etc ... .am i asking for too much ? : )
i did n't hear the click when shutting down with windows 7. mind you , i 've only booted into windows twice since i bought the computer - i much prefer ubuntu !
yes , i 'm running it under vmware player !
i used linode server with preconfigured lamp `` originally created using ubuntu 10.04 lts and 'lamp stack ' stackscript at revision 160 ''
sorry it took so long to respond . it has n't happened in a while . i finally caught it today : [ drm ] enabling rc6 states : rc6 on , rc6p off , rc6pp off
unfortunately , i ca n't do that , because after the initial breakdown , i reformatted to reinstall ubuntu ( twice ) , which in retrospect was a panicked decision . what i ran though was just `apt-get` on various packages and `vim` , etc.. i 'm not confident enough in my knowledge to manipulate things which are subtle . i 'm going to try running `grub-install` , as described here :
i set it to igpu as the primary display , but the kernel crashes with some errors somewhat related to i915 or so ... gon na make a pic and link it - next thing i 'll try is propably ubuntu 16.04
good idea @ fabby i 'll run the script tomorrow at school and post the results . thanks .
no , i want to play other servers , mostly icecast servers .
`` window stickyness '' in workarounds is unchecked
yes it is unmuted
this is just the default installer for ubuntu lts . i allocated some space in windows
it gives the following error : `mysqld : ca n't create directory '/var/lib/mysql/ ' ( errcode : 17 - file exists ) 2016-06-15t14:00:28.483462z 0 [ warning ] timestamp with implicit default value is deprecated . please use -- explicit_defaults_for_timestamp server option ( see documentation for more details ) . 2016-06-15t14:00:28.484374z 0 [ error ] aborting`
rfkill list 0 : hci0 : bluetooth soft blocked : no hard blocked : no sudo lshw -c network *-network unclaimed description : network controller product : bcm4360 802.11ac wireless network adapter vendor : broadcom corporation physical id : 0 bus info : pci @ 0000:03:00.0 version : 03 width : 64 bits clock : 33mhz capabilities : pm msi pciexpress bus_master cap_list configuration : latency=0 resources : memory : b0600000-b0607fff memory : b0400000-b05fffff ... is what it says .
using unity btw
just mean the terminal history . that way i can go back to what was recorded .
i redownloaded it and tried it again . same result . i logged into the live machine this time and it gave me a message saying `` the system is running in low-graphics mode : your screen , graphics card , and input device settings could not be detected correctly . you will need to configure these yourself . '' and if i try to continue , it just goes black and does nothing ...
i get makebuild:3 : error ( 2 ) .. then i get that such a command does not exist..
i have n't understund you well , the windows partition appears in devices when i click it tell me `` mount and open '' , do i need to make windows partitions mounted automatically during bootup ?
i no longer have the 656mb file to run the hash . downloaded with link above and its back to 687mb with correct hash .
i guess to simplify it i want to know how to scale the window so that it fits within the workspace . i know i can drag and scale the window at the corners , but i ca n't scale it from the top corners which are the only ones i can access .
i would say this is a trick that in the other question ( wiki page ) fits better .
# fixed # ... or i thing so . the problem has been in the file watcher compiz 's plugin , i turn off this and everything 's fine now . all 's ok except i still do not know what doing this plugin ... beside freeze the screen : p i leave [ here ] [ 1 ] the x.org 's log 's file , a bit late , and i do n't know if it 's related to the problem or not , but is the only one i find apparently related in the /var/log . [ 1 ] :
sorry ! i do n't how to ping proxy.how to do it ?
from
for the linksys wpc54g , it reads :
it works : d ... can u please explain what is `` vblank '' ? and also could you also point out if it will enhance the video quality when xbmc is running using optirun ( nvidia card instead of intel ) ? !
02:00.0 network controller : qualcomm atheros qca9565 / ar9565 wireless network adapter ( rev 01 ) output of the 2nd comment : sudo lang=c apt-get check , is reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done
i am using a dell desktop .
certainly ! is there something i can do with a wired connection i ca n't do with a wireless ?
you have obsolete package versions installed . please upgrade the following packages and check if the problem still occurs : als-base , apt , apt-utils , aptdaemon , base-files , busybox-initrams , consolekit , coreutils , dmsetup , ecryptsfs-utils -- -- - and it keeps listing a bunch of other packages
snapshot added . thanks !
yes , both cd and internet . i have usb drives , but system does not suppor boot from usb . i have ubuntu 12.04 loaded on a usb drive . i wanted to do fresh install but i found instructions for upgrade , so i might do that unless it is easy to do a fresh install .
i do n't know . it happens with unity .
sure thing , you 'll find it in the question above .
seagate barracuda 7200.10 st380815as 80gb 7200 rpm 8mb cache
jip i opened the download in wine
as i wrote above , i followed the first two ... i tried the most up-voted one and when i saw that it ( seemingly ) failed , i tried the second most up-voted .
**update : ** i 'm running from a live usb .
.iso is useful if i need to burn quickly . so extracting would result in two 'copies ' of everything - one compressed as iso and one extracted .
i am following the steps to install rails , while doing so i came across these errors ... sudo apt-get -y install build-essential openssl libreadline6 libreadline6-dev zlib1g zlib1g-dev libssl-dev libyaml-dev libsql
edit : i also tried running `gksudo dconf-editor` to run the program with elevated privileges . again i navigated to desktop > unity > launcher . this time the default string was there , but when i tried to edit it , it would not change to what i typed .
i gave up on mate and moved on to just using regular ubuntu . i 've used up my three replies on that page and it was no help to be honest .
the two computers are not connected to a shared network , i 'd like to ping him just like i can `ping www.google.com` .
the nvidia-settings+
yes , i have tried disabling it , that gives the message connected to wired network followed immediately by disconnected from wired network
not blocking all alias , only prevent him/her to do not use default commands name as an alias name . i know we can escape aliases with many ways such as using \ with same aliased command to run actual command . that is all
runs now , the ubuntu logo loads and
trying fstab , but didnt work ( i m sure something im doing wrong , no save i guess ) , fnd a home.old anf new home file i try something different not sure from settings .acount details.catalog set new files directories .
i installed 2 themes from `` get new themes '' and they 're not showing up . : (
i ask this question following the comment on my question [ here ] [ 1 ] . [ 1 ] :
the nvidia utility only lets you choose between intel and nvidia gpu . it does n't provides fine grained settings , such as which card to use for the display .
it sayz `` chrome os is missing or damaged.please insert a recovery usb stick ''
the latest ! just installed using apt-get
: well , i 'd at least like to give it a go , i mean , it 's actually not that old , maybe 10 years or something , i think it might actually have a cd slot in it , but the software and hardware related to that are broken ( somewhat due to chocolate cake ) ...
all that is not what i need . i need an item for maybe ides from which i can go to lazarus , eclipse ... , another for office , where i can go to all my editors , another for gis software with grass gis , qgis ... i do not want to scroll through dozens of unsorted applications
i got an error message saying ; omitting directory viva/gnome-shell-theme-viva-master/gnome-shell/
no proxy , and i 'm using the default firefox . since i have no internet i can not download any other browsers . the 32 bit version of ubuntu also has this problem .
no i did not : (
thanks - that was it ! looks like the 64-bit install has it by default , but the 32-bit install does n't . ok , something else to add to my `` how to set up a linux build vm '' checklist . : ) it may seem basic , but i did n't spot this as an answer in other people 's questions for the same compile error , and i 'm not really a linux expert .
i installed bitmate
how do i fix this if it is n't normal ?
edit : please any information how to resolve this issue ?
good point . i posted here because all the resources i found on the matter were on askubuntu . it seems the typical windows user do not play with the partitions unless they 're installing linux !
i think the reason why upgrade is disabled is because i am not online . you must be connected to the net to upgrade .
well might be router , but why there is no problem with opensuse or windows 7 ? what ubuntu does differently that causes my router to fail ?
i will try and i will take you about it !
i 'm not using windows . this is ubuntu-ubuntu .
no , not simple . of course from one table but with complicated/long where part
postion of the buttons # a.b
what do you mean by `` see '' ? it is listed in `` usb-devices '' .
mchild - yes to both
i am unable to run lvscan .
kvm wo n't start the image at all , i 'm trying to find a log .
i changed it from dutch to english , in my account and in the system settings
for this , i used ubuntu software center ( with the add-ons ticked ) .
yes it does have bluetooth . i 've purchased the speaker and it works really well . i installed this sound switcher i found on omg ubuntu ( to change my output device quickly .
**update copied from comment dated 2012-05-26 02:54:29z** here are some results from my commands : grub rescue > ls ( hd0 ) ( hd0 , msdos5 ) ( hd0 , msdos1 ) grub rescue > ls ( hd0 , msdos5 ) unknown filesystem grub rescue > ls ( hd0 , msdos1 ) unknown filesystem grub rescue > ls ( hd0 ) unknown filesystem
straight to windows ...
i use log4j with append mode to write log file . it rotate after the file dimension raise up to 10mb .
since multitouch is not supported , clicking with one finger and dragging with another
i have only 108gb left on my hdd while 166gb is already used ( the partition has a size of 276gb ) .
no idea . i am trying to give my output of xrandr -q -- verbose , but ca n't paste it in block format .
err , i do n't think ubuntu has had one by default for a while now . i do n't see one lurking in /etc ...
i was using 12.04 , but after i installed the driver , it said i was using 12.10. i have an intel gma graphics card . i 've heard there were problems with updating nvidia , but all the fixes include using the terminal , which i ca n't pull up .
where is it ? what is it ? the instructions do n't say to create one , and the linked example does n't have one . so either it 's autogenerated by dh-systemd or does n't exist
i keep in dropbox the simulation data and code i use , while i make periodic backup from the documents , pdfs and reports . i ca n't put all in dropbox since each simulation file i use is 300mb , and i only have 2gb on dropbox . as you requested the ` [ geometry ] ` option appears as the screenshot . i 'm not sure how should i tweak the numbers , but i know that the amount of sector and sector size is wrong . when i ran `testdisk` first the sector size was different , as well as the number of sectors
i updated my system around 11 am ( indian standard time ) . after that it prompt window `` restart now or restart later '' after restarting blank screen only , so cannt say error message .
did not install anything . as i noted below it just started working , but i did not change anything . maybe ubuntu or samsung pushed out an update ?
well , i 've run the executable script named summon-arm-toolchain
hi luis- - i have it set as `` when lid is closed , suspend ''
prameswar lal : i 'm trying to prevent my computer from freezing , i have lots of ways to force restart or restart more elegantly . edward torvalds : it has integrated intel hd graphics 4400 which is built into the cpu .
of course `` not '' .
[ 1 ] : -- - no idont talk about i this . is a fish on the panel , and display fortune .
this is all i 've found
i installed them by changing the download directory from /home/ ( my name ) /.local/share/steam to /media/ ( my name ) /sd card/steamlibrary
: it 's a usb gamepad ( 9 buttons , 1 digital axis , 2 analog axes , and one annoying slider ) .
i only have 1 computer ... ..
i want the best of both worlds - i want my guest to have access to the internet , and i want a network connection between guest/host . the only way i could see this happening is connecting the host to the guest , then have a proxy server setup on the host to provide internet access to the guest .
**edit** output of ip l for maco : 1 : lo : mtu 16436 qdisc noqueue state unknown link/loopback 00:00:00:00:00:00 brd 00:00:00:00:00:00 2 : eth0 : mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast state down qlen 1000 link/ether 00:1f : bc:09:45 : b5 brd ff : ff : ff : ff : ff : ff 3 : eth1 : mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast state down qlen 1000 link/ether 00:1f : bc:09:45 : b6 brd ff : ff : ff : ff : ff : ff 4 : wlan0 : mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast state up qlen 1000 link/ether 00:14:6c:85 : ad : fa brd ff : ff : ff : ff : ff : ff
edit1 : i tried the boot-repair utility . it created two new entries in the grub menu . one of them is my windows vista recovery drive ( ignore it ) and the other one is windows 8 that i want to boot in to on /dev/sda5 . here 's the complete report from that tool :
hi . i did find a link to download it , but the dev is no longer supporting it . ( the site has to be translated . previous ubuntu-tweak links now go there . ) [ formally closed the ubuntu tweak related sites ] ( i 've never installed using the command line ( a learning newbie ) , so once i figure that out , i will try it . i 've read a lot of good things about it in forums .
12.04
yes , it did
: it was not a silly , question , because silly me did n't realize i needed to ! after seeing your question , i did some research and made it bootable , but at the same time it was formatting the stick i was also burning the .iso to a dvd . wound up using the dvd before even trying the usb stick .
yes i want sctruture so probably it will be tree . sorry for missunderstanding : )
im using acer aspire 4740 , does it depends on whether the laptop supports multitouch ? or depends on the package ?
um ... there 's only one os and one user , so does that mean yes ? i do n't know .
to clear it up the links are still there , but broken . the drive i am trying to access is a second hard drive on my machine , so ubuntu is on drive a and i have the symbolic link to drive b .
yes . i do . i tried running the installer with wine , it said it successfully installed , but it still would n't work . i can left/right `` click '' on it , but i ca n't move the cursor around .
: `ls /lib/modules/` listed only `2.6.32.1-rscloud`
yes , they do until the next reboot .
ubuntu core is an new rendition of ubuntu that is geared for the internet of things . use the link given below to know more
originally i wanted to wipe hard drive then install the latest ubuntu . i still want to install the latest ubuntu but do n't know what to do next . worried if i force shut off my pc and power back on that will make matters worst .
bodhi.zazen - that is possible , but i want to understand how it is supposed to work in order to ensure that it is a bug . i have two computers - one has the issue and the other does not . both are 15.04. it might just be a corrupt configuration as well .
my hard disk is totally 500gb .
no i want to save my host system 's state so i can boot from it on another machine
can someone please help me
yeah i have plenty of space , i 'm using a 4 gig usb and i 've got about 9 gig free on my xperia tablet .
the following packages have unmet dependencies . audacity : depends : libflac++6 ( > = 1.3.0 ) but it is not installable depends : libid3tag0 ( > = 0.15.1b ) but it is not installable e : unable to correct problems , you have held broken packages .
that 's the only version i have got available .
the ubuntu installer on
yes , it 's a d-link dir-615 .
well the reason of using isc is just that it was one way mentioned in the tutorial that i went through . i am just trying to learn these things . i would try using dnsmasq ( in some other vm ) but on the other side i would like to solve these error . so please help me in solving these error .
i have a dependency that requires a particular version number . so i need to see what version it is .
i already tried that `sudo apt-get install -- reinstall ubuntu-destkop` , but it did n't solve the problem ...
good idea , but sadly even with `sudo` in front , the result is the same . ( `scan -v /usr/share/dvb/dvb-s/astra-19.2e` ) i still need to find a way to verify that the electrical connection between lnb and pc tuner is intact .
tried to add it to that file . but still got it as keyboard . i looks that type in this file is used only to match device with pin .
fatal : module xhci_hcd not found . no change ( obviously , but checked anyway )
i ran '' chmod 777 -r ''
after following this three steps 1. sudo apt-get clean 2. sudo apt-get update 3. sudo apt-get dist-upgrade the same problem persists .
no , apt still complains about the same dependencies . i just added the output of `apt-get install` in my question .
because it only works for booting linux isos . isos have more uses than that ( such as cd backups ) . also , it cant seem to configure grub properly for me and i always have to edit the commands ... i was thinking of it more as being a partition in and of itself ... not having one ... probably a huge misunderstanding though
it asks for a password as anything that starts with `` sudo '' and after entering my password , it suspends . running it without `` sudo '' results in an error message stating that this utility may only be run by the root user ... there is only one user on this system , me .
i 'm currenty using 12.04
thanks . i got it figured out . i 'm totally green using linux . if i want to run a different browser in ubuntu , say firefox for example , how do i install and then run it ? question 2- is there a place that i can reference on learning to use ubuntu ( lists of commands , understanding how it the os works , etc . ) ?
hi . i noticed this answer . but now i some troubles by work so i could n't test your answer .
unfortunately , it is part of requirement to get this specific base build . there are no specific technical reasons for it .
they are thunder blot like i made them red i tried to draw a circle in the center of the image but i get these extra scribble , thank you for your help by the way i appreciate it
nothing , i forgot to mention i use easy bcd and have two systems on the laptop . after i choose ubuntu i have nothing , black screen and underscore blinking , totally irresponsive to anything i try to type : (
i ca n't quite remember i know it had something to do with changing the icon image and now it 's always looking for that image . stupid me . messing with things i should be messin with . but i 'll just do a reinstall and back up my hard drive usually only takes me an hour or so to set up ubuntu the way i like it . this is why i love linux no subscription , no serial codes , and no malware , adware or viruses . i love ubuntu !
yes , this screenshot is taken from my system in openbox , as lightdm and unity are not working and my ubuntu is super slow . i did report this to launchpad also dont know if it helps in anyway .
: the problem is that wikipedia attaches some noise around the article ( like search bar , ... )
the .deb-file i installed was named scenebuilder-8.0.0.deb , @ a.b .
it was ( and still is , after applying the fix below ) : xkbmodel= '' pc105 '' xkblayout= '' gb '' xkbvariant= '' '' xkboptions= '' ''
how can i achieve that and how can i determine the for example 4th usb port ?
: i disabled uefi boot but it still wo n't boot . however , i tested it on an older laptop i have and it did boot . video card on the laptop it is n't booting with is an ati mobility radeon hd 5870 .
-- - output of `umask -s` as requested : $ umask -s u=rwx , g=r , o=r $ sudo bash -c `` umask -s '' u=rwx , g=r , o=r
using this link
**update** i found [ this question ] [ 1 ] , where they suggest uninstalling the dell-super-key package . this is for the dell precision however . mikey @ mikey-xps : ~ $ sudo dpkg -s dell-super-key [ sudo ] password for mikey : dell-super-key : /usr/share/doc/dell-super-key/changelog.gz dell-super-key : /usr/share/doc/dell-super-key/copyright dell-super-key : /usr/share/glib-2.0/schemas/41_dell-super-key.gschema.override dell-super-key : /usr/share/doc/dell-super-key i do have it installed , i 'm open to removing it if i can easily reinstall it . it does n't have any man pages included so i have to find a way to determine if this is causing it to be disabled . [ 1 ] :
scheunemann : hcitool scan ( displays nothing ... it prints scaning ... .. and thats it
hi xen2050 . i changed both root & users ; ' passwords via sudo passwd command in terminal . but encryption pass is unchanged , i have changed only root & users ; ' ones .
i get the following : `0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 1 reinstalled , 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded . 1 not fully installed or removed . after this operation , 0 b of additional disk space will be used . e : internal error , no file name for lightdm : amd64`
i 'm using 12.04 and the chrome browser version is 33.0.1750.117. to be honest , i would n't know which scripts are running , or which ones are causing the issue otherwise .
so how do i make pen drive bootable ?
model of my laptop is fujitsu lifebook ah512 . this is output for upower -d - >
( it 's a laptop . )
it 's in home directory . the command shows that `export path= '' /opt/devel/tools/apache-maven-3.3.3/bin : $ path '' `
it 's an old nvidia that runs on driver 304.x similar issue happened to me a year ago but nvidia commited a fix themselves in the update to 304.x so i guess they 'll do it again as usual , it just takes time but i 'm not that in a hurry . ; )
i have a script running in cron.daily that is running update , upgrade and dist-upgrade . i 'm in the process of setting up chef as an infrastructure management system .
block porn sites all of them like dansguardian list
i do n't actually know , i just think it 's lame ... and i want to use the desktop version .
yes i can , but as i wrote , i get the same error message using any version of recovery mode from grub
remotely over the internet .
that 's what got me to the point i 'm now making the decision ! i really want to , but until either it works with my hardware or i buy new hardware that works with it , it 's a no-go . and obviously i 'm going to take an extremely paranoid approach with all future upgrade attempts .
in the picture above the normal name will be `less fair` , the name manually assigned to the drive .
yes , i have it installed . when i tried to connect yesterday and was not successful on the server machine i got message that reads something like `` following machine wants to remote desktop to your machine . `` , i chose 'allow ' but still could n't connect . i should mention that machine i am trying to connect to is a work machine and i am connecting from home . i do n't have problem ssh-ing into work machine , but not sure if this is a good indicator that connection can be established .
im actually not sure . its brand new , like new new . acer aspire
yes , i have done so .
not sure . i 'm still investigating this . the drive neither appears in ubuntu nor ms-windows
its messing up some services i need to run after login , i am sure its the encryption on the home folder since same version in a vbox without encryption where i do my tests on runs perfect . i can try to fix the service scripts with delays or simply remove something i do not need on this machine .
i set a superuser password long ago and still have it . there seems to be some confusion between the root user , i.e. , the superuser , and the user named `` root '' . i can access the root account with `` su '' but i can not log in as `` root '' ( nor should i need to ) .
yes , my bad . it 's dvi
yes i did ! but what i wan na know is , editing the code of class driver of a particular device , so that when it is attached to the system , the console should show a message . that 's what my manager has told me to do .
i updated the question
the power is not switched off . if its suspended also i am pressing the enter does n't that wake up ? oh may be i want to press my power button ? ok , if next time i may want to press that and see .
nope , but now i 'm in the company and maybe they 're running ?
**edit : for reasons unknown , i can only return values from 0-255 , does anyone know how to return negative values ? ? **
thanks for answer @ wilf , i have answered your question above ! thanks for help !
solved it ! i had to set the acl first . sudo setfacl -d -m g : group folder
yeah , it 's ubuntu 14.10 , i wrote it was 14.04 , just realised ...
i would rather keep the programs , but only remove the icons . i have modified the question to include the programs .
i 've added the directory 's contents to my post .
the hhd does n't have an external power source .
using fdisk with options n and w
i ran dmesg |grep ath - got nothing found i ran lsmod |grep ath - got nothing found i tried to load with sudo modprobe ath10k_pci got the message : modprobe : error : could not insert 'ath10k_pci ' : required key not available i tried the `` modprobe -r ath10k_pci '' just in case , but it did not find it to remove it .
yes when postfix send mail uses thoses 6 ips randoomly
i could be confused about the process but i thought that when i selected restart after installing something it should restart without me having to force restart it by holding down the power button and then hitting hit again to power back up .
wrt54g with tomato firmware
ext4 ... i just need it to be in a mount location and stay there . i saw the fstab stuff ... but my config file does not look the way it should ... there is no entry for the drive that i 'm trying to add , for instance ... but i will check it out , thanks ( i think something screwed up might have happened , since i had cuda installed when i upgraded to 16 , and after that failed , i formatted the second hard drive and installed 16 there ) .
yep , i 'm talaking about an ubuntu touch app
i just need something simple like the old win95 start menu .
on many of my posts in the past , people say it 's better to not do that because updating in the future may be a problem . i do n't understand it enough , so i just trust them , and try to get my packages/dependencies through apt .
edit : no other distributions ( fedora , debian , etc . ) on other bootable usb disk creators ( unetbootin , etc . ) work . the tool runs on ubuntu 15.10 ; the file used is of ubuntu 15.10 .
it 's long winded & has unnecessary letters : - )
no it is usb only - external drive
thank you.worked
yes . any usb mouse i 've tried works perfectly , including scrolling and back/forward buttons .
i fixed my problem by installing the latest graphic card drivers from amd
i edited the original post with a link to the specs .
maybe i asked wrong it says adobe that it will not support after a certain software level .
checked , but did n't find it there .
: thanks so much . well , yes , i meant it . but how can i change the shortcut , for the default one is somewhat inconvenient for me .
, no it does n't work . there is black window in options window , in video options section .
no , i would not like to do this permanently - as i said in my question , it 's only one cd that has this issue .
on the remote host or my laptop ?
ubuntu 15.10 - not sure about the installation procedure anymore : ( installed it a while ago and then switched back to win because of some win only apps . as i 'm pretty noob user , i guess i used just _sudo apt-get install xserver-xorg-input-libinput_
cpu usage equals .
sorry bout that ; forgot to accept . thanks again .
internet connectivity is n't issue actually . this problem i 'm facing since few days . @ zack titan
running this command did solve it . thank you !
yes i am connected to internet . i have accesed through fire fox but am trying to acces through i guess the app in the launcher bar on left side of screen . please relize i 'm new to ubuntu and linux so i have no clue what i 'm doing
no one of them .
i just downloaded ubuntu 16.04 from official ubuntu page and wrote it on cd , first time , when was instalation complete it was running without problems , but when i turned off pc and then run ubuntu , it shows me that ... i hope a helped you ... i am really lame in this : d
welp . that is certainly my problem . sorry for being thick-headed !
thanks a lo man it worked the gksu-properties thing , thank u alaa
maybe not . i installed ubuntu 14.04 with updates but i did n't install the drivers specifically . so after installing them , should i boot my system with nomodeset idle=nomwait ?
yes , i just find the instrctions of the app to build on linux , i am trying now . thanks ! @ karthikt
, yes ... if i set to autologin then it logs in automatically . if i do n't set to autologin , then it put a `login` button . but in either case , it **doesn't** ask for password . the contents of `lightdm` are pasted inside the question .
i use ubuntu 14.04
yes , i use a wacom bamboo pen tablet as mouse input device .
i want to get an accurate screenshot at different resolutions . since this is not the exact resolution it messes up my tests .
, `linux b10s 3.13.0-57-generic # 95-ubuntu smp fri jun 19 09:28:15 utc 2015 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 gnu/linux ` and `unity` what about photo is hard to do only by phone : ) but i 'll try next time . @ hannu , yes , `ctrl+alt+f1` gives me text mode and `ctrl+alt+f7` brings me back without any help . i 'll try to use dmsg | less next time , thanks .
i mounted it using the gui utility .
how can i reinstall ? do i just remove the partition it is on ?
in the ambiance theme
it shows 2gb there
hmmm i 'm not sure why that link is broken , works fine for me . i did try restarting the apache server using both of the methods you mentioned jeremy , still no luck .
when i try to run this command sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jre , then i get error like this unable to fetch some archives , maybe run apt-get update or try with -- fix-missing ? and also when i run this sudo apt-get update the error is gpg error : raring release : the following signatures were invalid : nodata 1 nodata 2
`code` hab @ hab-aod255 ~ $ du -chd 0 /boot du : can not read directory /boot/.trash-0 : permission denied du : can not read directory /boot/lost+found : permission denied 38m /boot 38m total `code`
i mean the browser language will be in hebrew
... the ~/.bashrc was in /root . copied it to my home folder and it works fine now ! thanks !
no.. routing table . route add -net/-host command
i use the 14.04.2 lts . i solved my issue by install it again . now it work perfectly ( i 'm able to launch gparted from the graphical menu ) . i do n't know what was wrong . like said on of my coding teacher : a cosmic ray
i 've not yet tried that , partly because i 've been distracted by another task and partly because of the belief that using the & at the end would leave the tunnel process in the background , leaving the connection open . not sure if it would close when i finished the script or if it would stay open until i shut down ubuntu . i 'll have to test this when i get a chance .
using the following command ,
- ubuntu 15.10 doesnt ' read etc = now - i had 15.04 etc - have dual boot etc and it works = now ( so it 's not ruined ) ... so why do n't use it on windows 7 ? because there are other problems with directx etc . a real pain ... - i 'd use wine of course , but if it does n't read the cd i ca n't intall anything , and if it does n't read there are no errors . for this reason all of this is a big nonsense to me , and i do n't know how to solve it . maybe the only solution is to reinstall everything ...
ive tried the recovery mode , which takes me to an area where i can login . after i login with my username and password , a minute later or so the screen turns blank again
i am using ubuntu minimal version .
yes `sysvinit` is right there at the end of new packages to be installed ... i wonder why does dist-upgrade think my system needs it and why does it want to remove all those crucial packages ?
in compizconfig , it 's the `` scale '' option under windows management , bindinds- > initiate picker for all windows . appreciate your help !
javier : thanks for the post ... but ... if i did post the output of configure you would probably notice that i had not bound in usb support ! this was pointed out to me and since i have now installed usblib all is well . cheers , will
i do n't think so , but when i try to suspend the screen goes black the lights up again so apparently something in the suspend script turn offs the lcd but wo n't completely go into suspend mode . where can i see what is unloaded during suspend ?
i get the server going through bios then stops with error : error : no such device : 00eaf4-933e-4895-ae66-2f4a44c92fc . grub rescrue >
yeah its saved and will stay connected for a little while but ask for password again .
integrated graphics ati radeon x1270
yes it is for rainmeter , i was just wondering if in conky if i could do something similar to this . and if it is possible , how difficult would it be to do . could i convert a rainmeter to a conky config file ?
great ! sorry , i have n't checked this lately . i 'm glad it 's fixed . flash is such fail , what more can be said ?
yes i did install using wubi
sorry to bother you with this , but i 'm quite the rookie in linux . so can you write down what exactly i should type in the terminal ? it would be a huuuuuuge help . thanks in advance : ) ( also , i installed acpi-support as you suggested )
through the disk utility on my mac i drag the image over to the panel burn the image there , the cd will mount in my virtual computer but not the laptop .
: error updated in above question .
here is how to fix it : basically , the libreoffice ubuntu gets shipped with only comes with the american dictionary . 1 ) to get all english variants go to : download dict-en.oxt 3 ) go to extension manager in libreoffice , and install dict-en.oxt 4 ) go to tools > options > language settings > language and change the 'default languages for documents ' to english ( uk ) ( or whatever variant ) [ check that the english variant you want to use has a blue tick , indicating the correct dictionary is installed ]
problem is that it is not working anymore : make an ubuntu fresh install from 14.04 and install a bunch of packages . make a new server and do that -- get-selection and set-selection . everything seems fine however apt-get upgrade wo n't work
no , is not overheating . is doing that , sometimes when pc is moved .
have to fix it ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
that 's it , thanks . .profile must have got deleted by mistake . if this was an answer , i would accept it .
sudo mkfs -t ext4 /dev/sdb1
not yet , i did n't uninstall tlp
. found the problem , should n't have used sudo for the mount command inside the script : )
all working now thanks , turns out that i 'd forgotten to install smbfs ...
i am using ubuntu 12.04
i 'm using 14.04 , no commands work and no i have n't tried that i 'll try that in a bit is that just another os ?
i want to completely delete everything and have it start like it did when it was originally installed . completely erase everything and restart , reinstall , and reconfigure ubuntu .
hi @ kos im using mysql
i do have a gui . i **mildly** prefer using a cli , but a gui is fine with me
yes . but it 's annoying . i 'd rather not download mono and it 's dependancies at all .
i was talking about running `chmod -r o-rwx /` which removes read/write/execute permissions for `` other users '' . would that not remove access for my friend ?
i do n't know yet how to report a bug for phablet . i am looking in ubuntu wiki ...
i use network connections ( from top right corner ) - > edit connection - > dsl- > add
i 'm using 14.04.2
updated !
i just wanted to be sure that what i am doing is not just copy and paste but understanding the reason for it .
, yes it works
how would i use boot-repair ? and yes , im trying to reinstall ubuntu
thanks daniel for the keyboard issue . i 'm use to window where it shows an entry as you type in the pw . all the icons on the desktop are gone when i boot up . i do get my regular screen theme but i have nothing to navigate to . ed
when i use word liberoffice writer
edit : let me make myself more clear . i want to install this particular package `kdmtheme` . but when i do `apt-cache search kdmtheme` i get no results . i think the reason for this is that , when installing `kubuntu-desktop` only a few softwares and packages are installed . so what if i want to install any additional kde software ? since no extra repos are installed while installing `kubuntu-desktop` i can not install these via terminal using `apt-get` , can i ? for doing this i will have to add additional software repos of kde , right ? ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- - update stevejb @ telegraph : ~ $ glxinfo | grep direct x error of failed request : badrequest ( invalid request code or no such operation ) major opcode of failed request : 155 ( glx ) minor opcode of failed request : 19 ( x_glxqueryserverstring ) serial number of failed request : 12 current serial number in output stream : 12 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - update reinstalling the open source ati drivers seemed to fix the problem . all is working now .
raj , no
yes please . anyhow i do n't have a traffic issue anymore . do n't know if it was host provider who nailed it , or people suddenly lost interest in spamming my server . anyway i am happy ! : - )
thank you.yes . i do following a youtube but i can only compile this source code with gcc compiler .
[ 75.112360 ] ext4-fs ( sda3 ) : unrecognized mount option `` x-gvfs-show '' or missing value
yes . i also checked with multiple headphone .
i did n't do the install , system76 did .
sorry , my mistake . it was a `` normal '' update .
**edit : ** i have now confirmed that it is indeed a bug related to the gnome3.18 desktop . i just installed lxqt desktop environment and it works completely fine .
the problem is ( a shorter and better version ) : the programm should start `` in the background '' , so if i type at the terminal : `modelsim` , the programm should start without blocking the same terminal , and the programm should start . but that do n't work ...
ive fixed it but thanks
it 's running on my older 2011 mac mini hardware : intel core i5-2415m 2.30ghz x 4 intel sandybridge mobile graphics until i got my new mac , i was running os x on here with all these same videos/vlc , so the hardware is definitely capable of doing it .
, i believe they 're one in the same . what i 'm calling the sticky bit is the flag that makes sure children inherit the group owner from the parent directory .
i run multiple profiles in firefox and to give each profile a unique icon i have to use a .desktop file . as the app takes the icon of the .desktop file . otherwise i havea bunch of firefox icons and cant tell which is what profile : (
latest from the ati website
uhh 12.10 , it 's an installation disc that i made quite a while ago that i decided to install
now that you ask , i see i was n't much clear on that . i actually mean just pinging .
2 firefox with separated profiles and icons that i can distinguish between them .
can `` lshw -class network '' command be enough ! ?
imagemagick no change when i click set as default
how do you do that ?
update : the `` microphone '' appears on the list of input devices that are created when i plug any 3.5mm jack into the headphone port . even plugging the headphone cable without headphones does this . audio from the laptop speakers works fine when i select `` speaker '' as output , but audio from the headphones is dead even when i select `` headphones '' as output . how do i get audio to come out of the headphones properly again ? this has worked for 18 months .
nope not even guest
it is 15.10
i think it 's too late to install that package , because when i run `apt-get install xx` , it complains that `package libboost1.42-dev is not available , but is referred to by another package . this may mean that the package is missing , has been obsoleted , or is only available from another source` . yes the package is still showing up as an `` un '' .
after selecting any wallpaper
yes i use it , tried all settings + factory
i got the two option with the error message . that is `` leave '' and `` force mount '' . i did force mount all the time but after nothing is happened
oh , did n't know that about gconftool : ( - regarding the gui option , i have linked a screen shot of it above .
i tried to install ubuntu with secure boot enabled and was getting the error message no efi usb drive available . once i disabled secure boot i was able to install ubuntu . i am using it right now . the problem as described above , is when i shut down for the night and want to reboot again , it only reboots into windows 8 and does not give me an option to boot into ubuntu . i have to manually reboot into ubuntu . i 'd like to have an option to choose which os i boot into at startup , which it is supposed to give me . i believe that 64bit ubuntu would give me this option as it includes support for uefi .
i am using ubuntu 14 on vmware workstation 10. thanks ,
pull the bottom border of a window down , until you reach the bottom of your screen
i mean when access key is saved , does both programs how to use it ?
hi , i have only one , but before the installation of the drivers everything was working pretty good
if the errors are normal , no problem then . ( i was already a superuser when i called nautilus . ) now i can access my other hd .
what about the public key number
i want remove text from the top bar , so that only appears the name `` eclipse ''
i run on those files `sudo rm /media/masi/g0399/dcim/video.mp4` but i get a filesystem error that the filesystem is only readable , although permissions 700 and owner : group is masi : masi . it is possible there is some mechanical switch somewhere which is blocking this removal . it is possible that in the reader device itself where `` block option '' which however seems to be only in one mode all the time .
yes i do have a few files starting with -
nope , it does n't . terminal says `the program 'basename ' is currently not installed.`
yes i did and after i try to execute the file i got this message : -bash : ./hp-linux-bios-installer : no such file or directory
actually this output was without `sudo` . i have tried it with `sudo` & it works .
but it was happening on my previous laptop also . the same problem on two different systems can not be common .
ls : can not access command . : no such file or directory ls : can not access : no such file or directory -rw-r -- r -- 1 root root 10424 27 23:05 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/gio/modules/libgiolibproxy.so
i want every station that works , there are a lot that do n't work . found the xml here :
i would rather avoid it .
the program is phpstorm , the folder is in opt
rinzwind : no of course i do not want to get all the packages . i thought maybe there is an index like there is for apt-file .
, any end user license agreement that is required to be accepted to be able to install a package .
what if you 're running it on windows 8 and there are other users you might be running it with ( sorry for the impulsive post , forgot it was windows 8 )
because i misunderstood rsync ...
bios , i 'm quite sure . ( sorry , i do n't know much about this , i 've never dealt with this before . )
i believe i installed 14.04
vlijm yes , killing all applications with windows would work . however , i can not seem to find how i would go about doing that . i may have found a workaround for the firefox session restore issue , i 'll have to tinker with it a bit to see if my solution is viable .
for example , i tried to add admin table to /etc/iproute2/rt_tables2 and then add routes into that table , but it does not seem to work too well : casa @ ubuntu : ~ $ sudo ip route add 67.76.237.65/28 dev eth0 src 67.76.237.67 table admin rtnetlink answers : invalid argument i am not sure why it is like this , given that i followed syntax closely ...
i 've used the speedtest.net to check the internet speed .
hello there ! thanks for replying ! i have a motherboard -gigabyte ga 990fxa ud3- and yes , it was a bios configuration issue , i had to `` enable '' some options in the tab `` peripherals '' and automatically worked !
) i ran `tail -f /var/log/dmesg` and this is what it said :
it 's not a duplicate , this answer is better and shorter , there 's no mention for `uname -a` in the other question and that 's a key to kwow which ones are safe to delete
that 'd be great : ) now how do i tell unity to use those shortcuts ?
: i want to slow the clock provided to my browser . eg . if i set timeout with js in my browser , then the time will be slowed down by that factor .
`1.0.1-0ubuntu1`
this one :
unfortunately i do n't have the backups going yet . +1 for backups .
the new hdd is gpt . and yes , source disk works on the source computer , but does n't work on the destination computer .
i honestly do n't know , i am assuming so , they were added via the `` users '' dialog , but also one of them could be the `` guest '' account that comes by default , same thing happens .
**edit** i found out , that reboot is not necessary . this morning 7:52 , after i previously set it 's rwx permissions to 000 , it was recreated anew and the original 000 file is missing . in this exact time ( 7:52 ) i log out of my session and log in back . the only log from today is `xorg.0.log` , where i found nothing concerning files ( as excepted ) .
please find requested outputs in last edit of my question . thanks .
no , it gives the same error . mint installed just fine , but i 'd rather use ubuntu if possible .
actually i had not..i didnt know that before.now i am able to access it.thank you
there 's none , when the video card crashes the computer will too .
i have perched new laptop with ubantu 14.04 operating system.i am using `` act fiber beam '' ( wifi ) i have installed qbittorrent to download movies from torrent web site.but i am not able to download any torrent files , it is not giving any error message.i am able to add file in to the qbittorrent , but it is not downloading ( shows added in to the downloads ) .i have tried different torrent applications ( bittorrent , transmission , k torrent.. ) but the same problem with all applications .
i installed a 64 bit version of ubuntu , as every time i install via wubi it will always grab the amd64 . i 'm not sure if it is worth getting the 32-bit version instead since the 64 bit has a few compatibility problems especially like this .
not before i installed linux i completely forgot i had disabled them the computer i isntalled ubuntu is one that i no longer use r
: well crap haha . thanks for showing me that . i am going to try it . and volker , no i did not . i used the united states english version . i am going to try the link above and see if that works . thank you both !
thank you , i did it . is there any more information i can provide ?
filename is revengeofthetitans-hib-1811-i386.deb
it 's a real question ! tree is a command line utility that shows the directory structure . it 's included in the desktop , but missing in the server . since i find it useful , i wanted to install it on the server as well , but was n't sure if it 's secure or why the ubuntu team did n't include it on the server in the first place .
calling xrandr without arguments just says `` randr extension missing '' . i think this is due to the bug i linked to .
thank you , those are all really good suggestions ! i think that i will look into using a live cd and maybe run it without any hard drive at all .
well it 's a radeon hd 8670m ( mars xt , solar system series ) . the open source radeon driver does not support my card yet anyway ( not to be confused with oland ) , so i pretty much had no choice but to use fglrx drivers . i upgraded to ubuntu 13.10 , and use the latest amd catalyst 13.12 , and they work ok , bar the fact that when i choose the igpu i get a freeze on lockscreen/lid close which switching to a tty and back cures ( on 12.04 this freeze needed a restart from the tty )
no i am not getting any error..it just not working in any other place than firefox ... is it due to proxy settings ?
i think there 's none . added picture to be sure .
`sudo apt-get install shutter` . though , after your answer , i added the ppa and tried the software center too but it did not fix it .
hey @ legensteyn thanks for the answer , luks seems nice but i want to see if there are any other alternatives . if there are not i will go with luks
yes many cds/dvds work but i do n't know if they are in udf format or not , i 've seen the udf error a couple times
i am being told : package libept1.4.12 is not available , but is referred to by another package . this may mean that the package is missing , has been obsoleted , or is only available from another source e : package 'libept1.4.12 ' has no installation candidate
the screen works
no , i tried it without success .
in general . but since am starting to ask since 11.10 i would start from 11.10 onwards .
edit : i believe my problem might be coming from an instruction during the install that asks if grub should be installed to the master boot record , and refers to it as `` install the grub boot loader to the master boot record of your first hard drive '' right now in my bios , the flash drive is listed as the first hard drive which is the only way i could get it to boot into the install . i could try installing by cd .
i tried the fix in your link , and i ended up with bootmgr missing error but i am not sure i have done what i am trying to do right now . about windows error , its nothng specific . too generic like scan for virus , check disk `fsck` etc
no , it does n't
[ ! [ java scala error ] [ 1 ] ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
you can save it where ever you like . just create a new startup program for the saved file by copying the file path to command so that it runs automatically
: ok , i have edited my post to include that information .
no , i did n't remove anything . everything ? all of the files in it ? wo n't my system crash ?
in this context what i mean by code sketching and the desired effect would be `quickly sketch` results in empty functions being created in the appropriate files instead of capturing stderr on `quickly run` and adding them , then populating them . a simple example , add a button in `quickly design` . it will still launch with `quickly run` as you expect . something i miss from wxglade is the code-sketching for new buttons/etc . might be more of a glade/gtk.builder question than a quickly question .
yes , that is it exactly , thanks
: nope..should i change the ownership of this driver ? with chown maybe ? but why i do n't have rights to create files ?
yes , i did it , but it does n't works . i 've forgotten to write that i 'm not using ubuntu kernel . i have compiled a standard linux kernel becuase using ubuntu kernel i have problems with headphone audio and both wireless and wired network card . the compiled kernel solve network problem ( but wi-fi i very slow ) but audio problem is still present .
yes i can both windows and ubuntu are fine its just wubi .
i have unplugged and replugged and restarted in various combinations .
no , it 's intel hd 3000 .
the partition table is a gpt . _1 : _ **/dev/sda1 mounted as /boot/efi** _2 : _ **/dev/sda2 mounted as /** _3 : _ **/dev/sda3 mounted as swap** _4 : _ **not allocated..** sorry , do n't know a way to copy\paste from terminal since fdisk cant list gpt ... 1 is 94mb 2 is 460 gb , 3 is 5.90 gb and 4 is 1.02mb ...
primax electronics ltd hp optical mouse
; i do not mind implement openvpn as long as its hassle free to configure and meet my requirement ... : )
edited the post . yes i get the gui . i also attached the image file for it .
the output of `lsblk` is name maj : min rm size ro type mountpoint sda 8:0 0 931.5g 0 disk sda1 8:1 0 260m 0 part /boot/efi sda2 8:2 0 128m 0 part sda3 8:3 0 82.1g 0 part sda4 8:4 0 205.7g 0 part sda5 8:5 0 205.7g 0 part sda6 8:6 0 731m 0 part sda7 8:7 0 25.8g 0 part sda8 8:8 0 250g 0 part /media/renjith/0f871820666d9306 sda9 8:9 0 23.9g 0 part / sda10 8:10 0 3.8g 0 part [ swap ] sda11 8:11 0 133.6g 0 part /home sdb 8:16 1 28.7g 0 disk sr0 11:0 1 1024m 0 rom
yes ... .the scan is made from my server to provider 's server mainly . ca n't identify who/how this is done . this is why i find trouble to prevent it .
by the way , the i can tell how fast it is going with a terminal copy , i have a script with pv [ in a nutshell , it is : `pv $ 1 > $ 2` ] , and that was going about 1.5mb/s . so i also tried cp , and set up a loop to `du` the file every second , and it jumped up somewhere near 2 mb every second .
to be more clear : every time i want to use mullvad i get a window with the text : '' enter your password to perform adminstrative tasks '' the application '/usr/share/mullvad/mullvad.py ' lets you modify essential parts of your system '' so i have to give my root password to go one , to use the vpn connection .
its an ipod classic 80gb . model no mb147ll and version 1.1.2 pc . i got this all from ipod settings menu . let me know if you need any further information .
everything i see - `` boot error '' on black screen . nothing else .
euh.. after checking my monitors.xml file , i ve seen that primary option was on left screen , i put it back to the right screen , reboot and finally the solution works , no more problem ( till next time : i think that it is the application mupen64 who is modifying this monitors.xml file when playing fullscreen )
sorry ... it 's ubuntu 14.04.2 lts
i installed it from usb but from windows 8 you have to change the bios in the setting . it just boots straight up to ubuntu now as i do n't have windows anymore .
my laptop 's brand is compaq presario cq40
. : i just need to check something out for security reasons .
no idea what you 're talking about
yes , since then i have logged out and restarted the computer .
yes i got the same error as above
linux mint freezes on the mouse and the keyboard does n't work . i like ubuntu better .
i booted to windows ( 10 ) , and shut it down via the start menu , booted to ubuntu and it would n't even let me access the c : drive . so i went back into windows and shut it down with shutdown /s , as i think the start menu uses the /hybrid command , which prepares it for fast startup . when i then booted to ubuntu , the symlinks worked , but when i restarted ubuntu , just from the top right menu shutdown- > restart , then links are broken again .
yep ... ... ... ... ..
what would you like to know about the drivers and how would i find this information as i updated the post with more details . after the start up i just get a blank purple desktop and can not do anything .
after further testing to find the problem , i know it has to be something that is trying to put the pointer to the centre of the screen . hopefully someone will be able to track down the cause , because so far i can not .
pinto i 'm using svn to make backup of several folders and i need somehow to include the database as well . so i 'm making a dump and committing it as file .
no proxy here..
, hardware clock was showing a time diff too.. time is in sync now after changing it hardware clock but i can still not change time from ubuntu desktop
could n't find the exact history ( am using ohmyzsh shell ) . i did sth like `` `chmod 777 -r /etc `` `
posted output of locale
root @ master : ~ # /etc/init.d/tftpd-hpa restart root @ master : ~ # /etc/init.d/isc-dhcp-server restart * stopping isc dhcp server dhcpd [ fail ] * starting isc dhcp server dhcpd * check syslog for diagnostics . [ fail ] root @ master : ~ # /etc/init.d/nfs-kernel-server restart * stopping nfs kernel daemon [ ok ] * unexporting directories for nfs kernel daemon ... [ ok ] * exporting directories for nfs kernel daemon ... [ ok ] * starting nfs kernel daemon [ ok ] root @ master : ~ #
i did exactly that . reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done python3-matplotlib is already the newest version . 0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 9 not upgraded .
bought ten copies on dvs from ubuntu store for under 20 quid . that 's as good as free !
it 's a home connection it 's sudden link so i ca n't log in to the router and change any setting so i have to hope it 's ubuntu problem
encrypt my home partition ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
if i would have been interested in that type of solution , i would have posted the questions on [ lifehacks.se ] ! no , i would like a software solution , if possible . i also have a script that turns off the screen with a shortcut and i want to add the commands to that too .
i installed the software via the software center . for quod libet , i installed it from the software center and have removed rhythmbox from my machine as well through the software center . i have done this on 3 different machines and neither of them will allow me to make quod libet my default music player - its not even in the list of choices . i am having issues with asunder cd ripper as well not being in the list of software . both are under the applications menu but not under available software to run certain files or make default options .
the xubuntu screen appears as if it was loading but it just stays there . options like `` install xubuntu '' or `` try xubuntu '' never show up .
edit : here is the startup script that has been initially included , do you find anything related to a 2 hour timer ? i really do n't know much about this stuff .
oh , i 've tried to access grub but i ca n't get it to work . i 've tried holding shift , pushing it repeatedly , and also booting from recovery mode ( which apparently i am not able to do on parallels ) and i keep getting this screen . by now i 'd be happy to just recover my files : (
to be honest i have no idea . i 've been researching and googling this issue for a couple days now . like i said , i 'm a new linux user . i 'm an experienced windows user , but what i found through google is that that dev/sda1 clean , xxx/xxx files , xxx/xxx blocks is an output from fsck . if that 's not my issue , great . i found another site that said run sudo apt-get install xserver-xorg-video-intel , so after i fixed my wifi i tried that , and now os does boot , but the black screen with that printout still pops up , so i 'm not sure that i 've fixed the underlying problem . i just do n't know .
i still want access to *sudo* for myslef .
also filed a bug : any suggestions/workarounds ? edit : apt-cache depends libsdl2-2.0-0 : i386 libsdl2-2.0-0 : i386 depends : libasound2 : i386 depends : libc6 : i386 depends : libpulse0 : i386 depends : libwayland-client0 : i386 depends : libwayland-cursor0 : i386 |depends : libwayland-egl1-mesa : i386 depends : libwayland-egl1-mesa : i386 libwayland-egl1-mesa-lts-utopic : i386 libwayland-egl1-mesa-lts-vivid : i386 libwayland-egl1-mesa-lts-wily : i386 depends : libx11-6 : i386 depends : libxcursor1 : i386 depends : libxext6 : i386 depends : libxi6 : i386 depends : libxinerama1 : i386 depends : libxkbcommon0 : i386 depends : libxrandr2 : i386 depends : libxss1 : i386 depends : libxxf86vm1 : i386 predepends : multiarch-support : i386 multiarch-support conflicts : conflicts : replaces : replaces : replaces : libsdl2-2.0-0 breaks : libsdl2-2.0-0 edit2 : removing bug report !
i 'm not going to install more ram . i just want to be able to run 64-bit apps .
thanks . i do n't use lvm ( i do n't think , at least ) . for now , booting using `upstart` allows my pc to stay up without overheating , but using `systemd` still causes the same `100 % `+ usage and overheating .
exchange server 2003
local , beside the `` conn.sh ''
dear ben sen , i need write permissions too
it plays , but that is not what i consider default really . i thought default would just play it in vlc on double click
( e.g . f1 for quick build , f6 for pdflatex , etc. )
i 've also checked if the first key is n't recognized , but even pressing space a few times and deleting every character after that has the same result .
did you read the question fully ? lol
i went to the language support on the system settings window
i have tried connecting directly and have updated my question with the details .
thanks . i mean any release . can i install ubuntu 5.04 on latest laptops
i 'm not quite sure . where can i find them ?
after applying command it shows that port 80 is listening to 1294/apache2
first i have tried to run `super-boot-manager` directly from unity luncher , it did not worked . then i have tried it from terminal , then i got those error massage .
the only way to fix this is to do a lot of work , with a lot of risk , so the question is whether i can install ubuntu without using either the livecd or wubi .
sorry i am a new user for ubuntu i did n't understand your question maggotbrain , commands used means terminal commands ? or any other
without it there is no way to use this add-on . i 'm not sure this is a ubuntu specific issue so if you know of a better outlet for asking this question , please let me know .
preferably a gui , but , if ssh is my only option , then ssh i will use .
i can , though in 99 % of these cases i discard the images after i upload them somewhere . think highlighting something on a screenshot for a git issue or a stack exchange question .
es_es . i 've followed this steps to reset it ( it was perfectly set before , but anyway ... ) . no luck .
this the output when i run it from the command line : according to this vitorgatti on this thread the graphics card is not compatible : (
turns out it a stupid mistake , see my answer below .
i do n't really know ... not a system admin type of guy . i know i installed stock ubuntu 12 before . i did these to install php 5.5 : sudo add-apt-repository ppa : ondrej/php5-oldstable
i downloaded the 3.5. kernel saved it on usb storage and installed it manually . however network is still not working with the new kernel . with dmesg i get a lot of messages saying `network-manager main process killed by abrt signal` and `network-manager respawning too fast , stopped`
: thank you , that worked . with the upgrade to 16.04 the default style was reset to **breeze** . changing it to **human** returned the icon style to what i had prior to the upgrade .
thanks - posted above !
p.s . my graphics card is amd radeon hd 7600m , i 'm using open source radeon driver . another weird thing : internal display resolution is 1366x768 and external vga is 1280x1024 . when i set 1024x768 instead of usual 1280x1024 , it works properly . but using any other resolution leads to black screen .
only part of it , i think
there are two options uefi ( default ) and legacy . should i choose legacy ?
eliah kagan : this is indeed a duplicate . the accepted solution in the original worked for me . freedom has been restored . thank you .
no it 's good , i have selected file ; )
it does n't show the error , but it does n't display any other output as well . it just silently exits . btw , i need to be `sudo` to run the command adding the `-d` argument .
i restarted and virtualbox can be find in unity search but should i do this for every program ? is n't this abnormal ?
yes i have eth0 . and i just found out that it gets connected to my ethernet in library . i think there is some problem with my port . but windows could connect to do n't know why ubuntu could not .
yes , i saw no mention of mail or thunderbird , and this is not what i am looking for . it has to do with unity lenses , and i am accessing tracker through it 's own user interface .
no , it was created when i first installed ubuntu
no . each 'hostname ' is one word . and all the communication is made with ip addresses and no hostname or domain name
the language is actually a highlighting scheme for a text file . we invented it so it does not exist anywhere . the editor is the default editor that comes with ubuntu . it just says text editor , but in help about it says **gedit** .
ubuntu 15.10 , andriod 4.4.4
okey , hold on..
well , i 'm not quite sure . icons are disappearing in nautilus only , but there are some other issues like invisible menus in clementine
i entered that and got : mysql start/running , process 1126 i tried going back into mythtv backend and it still did the same thing .
i need to install minecraft , not on the software center so i have to install it manually which is the problem
how can i change the directories ( only ) recursively ?
lspci -nn -k resulted in
thank you for hint , i am new to askubuntu so i am just learning these skills : )
edit : i log in from my windows machine with putty homeserver @ 192.168.178.20 < -- ip of the machine root @ homeserver : ~ # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) gruppen=0 ( root ) ,4 ( adm ) ,24 ( cdrom ) ,27 ( sudo ) ,30 ( dip ) ,46 ( plugdev ) ,111 ( sambashare ) ,113 ( lpadmin ) root @ homeserver : ~ # who homeserver pts/0 2012-07-22 13:30 ( dennis-ibm-laptop.fritz.box )
the part just before the question mark
dont know , saved the _ '' gparted_details.htm '' _
how can solve this probrem do you have any idea
not sure how to do this . please explain . using ubuntu for home desktop .
i 'm using the stock drivers and i have the intel iris 540
yeah , i `rm -rf` 'd it and rebooted for luck . turns out i have no luck today : (
no these are new tunnels , not existing ones . screenshot is from sequel pro , mysql browser .
yes , you are right- i just updated my decription . but i forgot to mention that . but still if you guys want i can delete my post.but in that case my trouble will not be reduced , still i am ready o delete my post .
i did n't try that yet . i 'll let you know
no i want to replace it .
i would like it does n't start search
here is a screenshot :
no i do n't know how to recreate it.. it just stopped working around 8:05 am and showed nothing but a blank black screen.. need to find and rectify the root cause so that it wo n't happen again..
whenever a character starts speaking another language , i need to turn on english subtitles and rewind the dvd in order to know what they are saying , then turn them back off once everyone 's talking english again
correct , i have added some details above to clarify . for a while ( at least a week or two ) the screensaver/powersave did not activate when the screen locked - for days at a time it would just sit at the lock screen and i liked that behaviour !
i 'm on ubuntu 13.10 so there is no need for installing the `ia32-libs` for running 32 bits binaries .
when i set up a vpn connection from a remote machine to the vpn server . i 'm sorry for not being so clear .
not really . i stopped using mupdf and avoid using the secondary workspace . : (
official sites for intel and amd are hardly `` random websites '' . the drivers provided by the repositories are outdated and do n't allow me to run some games through steam ( game that run very well on windows on the same computer )
nothing happens when i do either of those things . i tested waking up from hibernate and it opens up a login screen but i ca n't click on anything or type anything , ctrl-alt-f1 does n't work either . eventually the screen goes black .
tar zxvf freeradius-server-3.0.9.tar.gz cd freeradius-server-3.0.9 ./configure sysconfdir=/etc
thx ! : )
well previously i had the steam client on my laptop hard drive and i install games on the usb but if i end up restarting computer the game will disappear then when i try to add a library folder or whatever it wont let me add where i installed the game so yea if i can get the steam client on my usb this would be alot easier .
as i noticed touchpad is not installed on the linux under vmware
thanks ! and maybe **devav2** wanted to say **chromium** rather that **chrome** , eh ?
thank you for your explaining the differences , i missed the script/crontab differentiation . thank you also for your comment about privileges , i will make some edits .
` # -- userpassword` the sysetm then says -- userpassword : command not found
yeah i 'm up to date . ran those just for good measure but there was nothing new to install .
** ( gnome-system-monitor:21847 ) : warning ** : selinux was found but is not enabled .
yup , one that belongs to the institution where i am studying and access internet .
i got the same error . ls -ld /media/josh : ( drwxrwxrwx 2 josh josh 4096 mar 8 12:42 josh/ ) ls -ld /media : ( drwxr-xr-x 3 root root 4096 mar 8 18:19 /media )
ifconfig and iwconfig results posted above .
run as root because port 80 is blocked ? follow exactly the digital ocean guide ? i 'm asking .
nope ! but i inserted the hdd from the mycloud into an old htpc which i use as a server now instead of the wdmc and hdparm reports the following performance : @ eastmegone : ~ sudo hdparm -tt /dev/sda [ sudo ] password for martin : /dev/sda : timing cached reads : 1702 mb in 2.00 seconds = 850.60 mb/sec timing buffered disk reads : 176 mb in 3.01 seconds = 58.48 mb/sec so i guess it has to do with the wdmc firmware ...
no internet connection..
i want to get a quicklist when i right-click on the rdio web app icon in the dash . quicklists appear when you right click the icon of an app that supports them . try with rhythmbox or nautilus !
the command was 'sudo svn co /home/akira/svn/repository -- username akira '
i can boot as far as the point where it asks me if i want to do live mode or install . i choose live mode and then it comes back with that error . thanks for the reply .
yeah , i found an ( ee ) to do with nvidia : ' [ 10.014 ] ( ee ) failed to load module `` nvidia '' ( module does not exist , 0 ) '
any id , custom or the default id as i tried : gnulinux-4.4.0-21-generic-advanced-80006992-e4de-4bf4-9b4f-08e22d8a40fe @ ron
i want to make it the same as right after you install it because i want to have it all my settings and i enjoy doing the start up wizard . and in that case how do i reset it ?
dont know how to do it , bash scripts are my weakness ...
is 64 bits system .
i have never try run it on other fs , only fat32 . i 'm newbie with linux , just trying to moving from windows . looks like better way is convert file system from fat32 to ext4 .
full disk . ( follow up question : what are up and downsides of full disk vs. just /home ? : ) )
: no , but this sort of question is generally accepted here .
no such file found in `/etc` .
yeah sorry i am talking about gnome and i have gnome 3.8
thankyou i will try this . i read the instructions for installing spotify linux edition on the spotify website but it failed for me . i had been meaning to try wine so i thought that this was as good a time as any . : )
i did not get as far as the sudo do-release-upgrade -d as i could not modify the release-upgrades file . my first question is answered , i will wait for 16.04 .
yes i can open them in ubuntu
: i have two requirements : 1 ) a 9 years old boy must use the terminal ; 2 ) he must choose the latest version ( when he 'll be typing that lua5.3 , the latest could not be 5.3 anymore )
no , ca n't find it , @ troylatroy
thanks , it is not dselect
update : the real meaning of my question was this one : ( anyway i 'll choose the most voted answer and leave the edited title -that was n't what i was asking ) `env` runs a program in a modified environment , then dismisses all the changes .
a possibility would also be to download it from ubuntu on virtualbox , which i officially intended to delete and move it to a partition , and then put it onto a usb ~ $ lspci -nn | grep 0280 02:00.0 network controller [ 0280 ] : broadcom corporation bcm4331 802.11a/b/g/n [ 14e4:4331 ] probably the standard mac controller ? i have an mbp 13-inch mid 2012
both , if possible
i would like to customise sound themes .
i did n't know that . i 'm used to it from windows , [ ctrl ] [ tab ] works on every thing . i think that for now i will be satisfied if it worked on nautilus firs .
it is easier to drag'n'drop between windows than tabs
i have no idea what that is , but i did manage to fix the problem by hooking my laptop to my tv then navigating to the brightness settings
& avinash raj , i run [ sudo ] apt-get -s update then according to your advises , thinking the -s option was incompatible with update ( although i believe i used it before ) , i also tried -s install evince ... . oooooops ... i add synaptic opened : (
can you help me please by providing me by the proper way ... . because because i spent 3 days to install mysql workbench on ubunto 12.04 and i failed : ( ! ! ! !
how can i hold..
edit : i may not have been clear in explaining the issue . by upgrading , i mean doing a clean install of the new ubuntu version .
sep332 ... i just run `` htop '' ... so it 's a case of whatever the defaults are .
it 's not working it 's telling me no release found ! ! ! ! i am going crazy
i knew of per-user .hushlogin files , but not of the central one . since apparently only one of the two can be used , and because my use case is with ldap of 1000+ users and i 'd like some freedom for the user to disable or enable motd , a central file is doubly ineffective .
yes , i tried with the 64bit version . i 've tried from another source too , the problem is not in it ... .. now i tried using wubi to install ubuntu and when i got to boot manager & choose ubuntu it gave some errors and did n't load.. ( could n't see the errors ) .
thanks for your help .
yes i 'm connected to the internet
how do i know if i 've allocated too much memory ? i allocated 80gb , host machine has around 800gb free
any alternatives are welcome = )
i successfully installed it , but i stopped at `sudo sensors-detect` which returns an error .
my goal was to avoid rebooting each time . : ) when i unplug the hdmi cable , i 'm stuck with the hdmi settings , so no sound .
i am using 12.10
`tr` or `sed` commands ? so i want this to happen in my script : # ! /bin/bash line= '' hello bye '' echo $ line |
i hope not , that would make this a bit difficult to solve ... to answer your question , it seems so . was hoping to check some logs or maybe post back here with a system log and maybe you guys could explain the possible entries .
it encrypted the password but still i am unable to login
thanks , @ jeremy31 ! it works ! please add your post as an answer so i can mark it !
no , sudo is n't necessary . i tried it with `myuser` instead of `root` and putting away `sudo -u myuser` . did n't change a thing concerning the above mentioned problem though .
no , i updated to the latest development kernel ( based on 3.11 in the mean time ) and the problem still exists . it seems something in the video stack prevents it from taking advantage of the new kernel module .
which part ?
sorry i am a newbee ! i do n't know how to . when i start the computer and see grub menu , i have only 2 choices , sbd2 for windows , and sdb8 ( which seems to be sdb7 now ) for ubuntu . chooosing ubuntu says /vmlinuz file not found . hitting `` e '' on grub menu , i set vmlinuz path , then that 's when it runs and brings kernel panic black screen ! ! !
no it does n't . 'cha @ computer : ~ $ hostname -f computer '
the actual code seems to be unclear at some points and i don`t know why it is buggy once you look very close at the borders with hover at linked button ; open mc in gnome terminal and then try to close it and look at borders or nauilus . etc . and yes i meaned also the css documentation but ive found now that adwaita is in the gtk+-3.16.7 package . perhaps its clear enough since on 14.10 everything worked and on 15.04 its only some of the new elements that causes trouble on ambiance and or radiance . .
thanks muru . i 'll investigate how to use that on a spare pc .
every file/directory is owned by `` myusername '' .
possibly , but my desktop never even shows the theme , not even slightly . `sudo gnome-settings-daemon` results in changed icons ( sometimes for awhile sometimes it ends immediately after closing terminal ) but nautilus and menus are still bad .
at the site of cuda-downloads ( - on the linux section , there is option to download a network installer or local package installer .
yeay . the_seppi , that did the trick !
i am not married to the question . i find it a little strange you are sort of pushy with the point releases question and i think the way i asked the question is more crisp to somebody looking for an answer a similar problem as i did . sort of 2 is the result of either `` 1+1 '' and `` 40/20 '' and `` 2*1 '' . even though the same result the way to it makes each `` question '' meritfully different .
i have chrome , firefox , another version of chrome , and vivaldi . none of them work . i downloaded the libpepflashplayer.so file from adobe and tried putting it in ~/.mozilla/plugins and /usr/lib/firefox/browser/plugins and neither of these options work . thoughts ?
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 21362968 2011-06-08 12:26 /usr/bin/skype i am not familiar with those -rwxr-xr-x commands .
yes @ sneetsher , that 's correct
. the laptop when opened boots direct to windows 8
root @ agar : /opt/lampp/htdocs # sudo chown -r www-data : www-data /var/www chown : can not access '/var/www ' : no such file or directory
: when i tried reverse-dns then i found above domain and after google search it turn out to be malware .. i do n't know what happens . well i also found that ubuntuone use some amazonaws services so thats why i am seeing it in wireshark then i uninstall ubuntuone also
yes ./gputest works on both computers locally . i am using an lcd monitor and yes the problem only occurs when i switch from nouveau drivers to nvidia drivers . gputest works with nouveau
i am using 12.04 ( amd64 ? ) gedit version 3.4.1. and when i double-click a file txt/sh ... it opens in a new window ? ? ?
the machine has 128gb of ram )
i am using the latest version 12.04
i think you **a**re **a**bsolutely right . this is **a** little bit emb**a**rr**a**ssing ...
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - so since
the sound is less/ normal in the windows 8. but in the kubuntu the sound is quite abnormal .
how about some concrete help or pointers instead of cheap punches ? . is n't this what the forum is about ? getting help and helping others ?
i tried boot repair and it game this url : i tried using windows `` bootsec /fixmbr '' and no use . and when i run testdesk tools deep search i got this : now what could i do ? i installed gparted , testdisk , fdisk and donot know how to use them . are my partitions gone ? i there any way to get my windows back ?
definitely nothing with the same name . there are 3 on the same frequency , but none of the others is stronger .
thanks - did that , running dosfsck on it now as no files found .
64-bit . ok , i reinstalled and then purged both versions of google-chrome-stable , and was going to comment that it 's working but i lost internet . when i did sudo apt-get autoremove it looks like it removed my network-manager , would that be the problem ? i 'm not sure what to do now , i 'm typing this from my phone
the 'apache2 ubuntu default page ' .
root 's trash ? no.. how ?
you are correct . i could have swarn i had run 'sudo nautilus ' at some point and it had failed . that solves it . i 've wasted a lot of time because i made that assumption . thank you . please repost that as the solution so i can award it to you .
- i found third party repositories in my update manager settings and there have a option to remove them .
my first install was mint .
i mean what ubuntu says in its options , which is `` inside windows 7 '' . i thought it was strange , but there you go . these are the options that appear when booting from dvd . i did try wubi.exe in win7 but that shows two buttons : `` demo and full installation '' , and `` learn more '' . the demo/installation takes me to 3 reboot options - at no time is there an option to install within win7 , which is n't what i want anyway .
sudo chkrootkit
yes . its a permission problem . thanks so much ! thanks to everyone who helped !
by setting a seeding share ratio or seeding idle time limit under edit -- > preferences . this can be manually overruled per torrent for those that need extra love . if thats not what you 're asking then my answer is : teeny tiny hard drive .
it is stable release . on what kernel should i be ? anyway i am having this problem for quite a while even before updating to 4.3.0 kernel . i thought kernel updates would fix it . but no luck .
nope i will check now .
i 'm not getting what you are saying , sorry .
, there are no more error messages . just the segfault . if you can tell me how to get a more verbose message , i can try that .
it was n't my computer and it was yesterday . i think it was 1280x1024 : )
this is what i get `mysql start/post-start , process 8756 post-start process 8757 ` and when i try to start it via `mysql -u root -p` i am getting this ` ca n't connect to local mysql server through socket '/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock ' ( 2 ) `
it appears i was looking in the wrong place , the disk did appear in disks , but i was looking at /dev/sdf , not /dev/sdf1 , so the system was trying to mount whatever /dev/sdf is instead of my drive .
no , none of the icons work
thanks a lot ! ! ! it worked ! it was a graphics drivers issue . i did not have any integrated graphics card but just the nvidia . so i used nomodeset option and once ubuntu mate was installed , it led me to automatically install the nvidia drivers and now i am having the best computing experience ever ! ! ! if you add an answer , i will be very happy to check it as correct , the least i can do ! just a side-point for other readers , ubuntu unity does not assist users in automatically installing the correct nvidia drivers ( which is not quite straightforward ) like ubuntu mate does .
yes . perfectly . it seems ( i 'm not completely sure ) that the x server failed ( or wait ) that a monitor is plugged .
xp pro sp3 , intel celeron 2.20 , 760mb ram , western digital 40gb hdd . are you saying that ubuntu 14.x so big that a machine that runs xp reasonably well may not be able to run it ? i can see w7 or w8 grinding to a halt and crashing on this old box , but ubuntu is alleged to run well on older equipment .
yes i have found that selecting & unselecting flight mode works ... i was not really expecting a magic answer for this king of issue . though i hope it gets the attention of 'those who update ' ... . thanks james
omg yes it worked ! ! ! ! thank you so much . ive been trying to fix it for hours
nothing changes .
hello & thanks . yes , but just comes back to the same version on the new partition .
well i want to keep my win 7 < < and i really do n't need to resize it : ( i want just to install it to any of the partitions .. so which option should i use ?
**edit : ** my graphic card is a 2gb dedicated amd raedon hd 7750 , which i 've come to think needs to be upgraded 12.6 version . i 'll try this and let you know the of the outcome , thanks so much for helping .
i 'm using 14.10
sorry , actually i get the error when i try to format via *disks* . the gparted format option is unable .
after a while i could n't even get into recovery mode , wound up doing a full format , then updates , then software , then ati drivers . so far so good . sorry it took me so long to get back to you . i just did n't feel like fooling with it for a little while . thanks again .
it 's enabled right now
sorry , seth , just saw this . how do i add it as an answer ?
i typed that into terminal and got no result .
authentication fails with emtpy password too .
i do n't know why but i tried to go into the bios and it gives me some error and sturts up to the linux boot menu . i do n't know now how i could enable the uefi mode .
hello , should i disable it ?
yes , i saw sdc1 as well . i used that , so mkfs worked . but afterwards , the usb stick was still not visible . i then used fdisk as suggested by vicd below , that worked
i used sudo apt-get install python3-bs4 . it fixed ! ! . now it is working well .
yes i tried similar files and it does the same thing ... if i delete a lot of rows ( like from 8000 to 300 ) from my file matlab can read it ... but this is unacceptable = )
nvidia graphics card . what is the hwe update ?
it was typo . still have the problem
i installed all the extras . i got 14.04 installed fine , it just seems to happen with 16.04
sorry , i was tensed , please understand my situation , really sorry for that , here is what i meant : this is what i am getting when i start my pc
yes , thank you . the answer below works for me . my problem now is what appears to be a common issue with the screen `` freezing '' after booting ubuntu . the standard response i keep seeing is that the question has already been addressed but i can not find the answer .
i start installation with considerable battery ( mostly > 90 % ) . but i have a slow bandwidth connection and a power saving problem . i get max 25 kb/s on downloads ( sometimes 30 kb/s at night ) . also focus is on the second condition as that is more frequently occurring .
for the info so far
**edit : ** i used the disk utility to check my hardware health as recommended in the comments . i am getting something like ( translated ) `` harddrive is probably going to fail soon ( 43 c / 109 f ) '' does that mean that replacing my hard drive would probably solve all my problems ?
results of `df -h` : filesystem size used avail use % mounted on /dev/mapper/ubuntu -- vg-root 291g 16g 261g 6 % / none 4,0k 0 4,0k 0 % /sys/fs/cgroup udev 1,4g 4,0k 1,4g 1 % /dev tmpfs 288m 1,2m 287m 1 % /run none 5,0m 0 5 , 0m 0 % /run/lock none 1,5g 272k 1,5g 1 % /run/shm none 100m 48k 100m 1 % /run/user /dev/sda1 236m 208m 16m 94 % /boot /home/mama/.private 291g 16g 261g 6 % /home/mama
i try to find it but with zero result : zack @ zack-os : ~ $ dpkg-query -l 'google*' dpkg-query : no packages found matching google* zack @ zack-os : ~ $ dpkg-query -l 'earth* ' dpkg-query : no packages found matching earth* but ! i can locate google earth in /home/google-earth .
i ran it twice . i now have : $ rfkill list returning `` ` > 3 : phy0 : wireless lan soft blocked : no hard blocked : yes 4 : hci0 : bluetooth soft blocked : yes hard blocked : no `` `
15.04 ; gnome-shell 3.16
first of all i use dual boot with win 10. i think the last thing was installing vsftpd i did n't have time to configure and i havent loged in since .
i am using the makefiles provided , generally it would be ld -lvulkan but for some reason it wo n't find the libraries . i have only had this problem with this samples .
the error is : `` the system is running in low-graphics mode '' . i reinstalled the nvidia driver and restarted the system . but the error `` the system is running in low-graphics mode '' still appears .
yes i follow all the updates .
thanks for the reply.i want to use intel 's 5300 card instead of 6300 card in my laptop . does it mean this 10.04 kernel does not support the newer hardwares anymore ? could i do any modifications to make it work ?
no there are some errors while running this command too .
no errors , it runs as usual . or do you need the full output ( pretty long )
-edit- it 's also worth noting that having reinstalled with ssh i can access the system fine , so everything else is obviously running ok .
good question , i 'll strip it down and find out ...
the ubuntu client build the connection in preseed phase . so it comes with installation . iwill not fix soemthing in iso , i need the pressed command to deactivate the access to steelix.canonical.com
, add an anwser and i will accept it .
**`lspci -nnk | grep -iea3 `` ( wireless|network ) '' `** 05:00.0 network controller [ 0280 ] : realtek semiconductor co. , ltd. rtl8188ee wireless network adapter [ 10ec:8179 ] ( rev 01 ) subsystem : realtek semiconductor co. , ltd. device [ 10ec:0181 ]
i 'm using ubuntu 14.04 lts and compiz 0.9.11 .
i use caffeine to keep the computer awake when i am downloading a large file or some other task where i will be away from the computer . also full screen videos will prevent the display from sleeping when caffeine is used .
: that 's part of what i 'd like to know .
please add an email account which should be on the top alphabetically and check ! it wo n't sort to the top . it will stay in the sequence it was added . i use the email address as the account name .
thankx four your comment , lucio . i have an integrated intel gpu , just as rat2000 below . i will try his suggestion as soon as i can .
i did that already -- no positive result .
updated question with the log , looks useful
just did above in the original post .
no , i mean skype , power , audio , notes , etc icons . they are usually beside the clock ( depend on de obviously )
can i disable samba without removing it ?
i would be pleasantly surprised . i did n't think it would be a separate exchange . thanks for the information !
no i do n't have ecc memory , and if its a device driver how can i tell which one is it ?
yes the icon shows and i can change it manually .
i 'm writing in qml . i 'm creating a ubuntu touch app without c++ . and no . no bash .
because this linux version fails to launch
any reason for the downvote ? or is it just some range ?
change the boot order to what ? the computer is set to boot from the 1tb drive with xubuntu and does n't detect windows . running sudo update-grub shows that it does n't detect windows at all , with the drives mounted and unmounted . update : i think the problem was that windows was installing updates or hibernating so it could n't be detected . how do i boot into windows to correct the problems ? ( the bios only gives an option to boot from hard drive , but wo n't let me choose a specific drive , and just boots to the 1tb one . )
i installed it as root
done .
there is a linux version of the tool that i am trying to make work on ubuntu .
yes it does # ! /bin/bash
it looks like this $ to=strval ( $ _get [ 'email ' ] ) ; its fetched through the url of the web service this code is present in ... and in the url the value shows up as email='toemail @ gmail.com '
yes , as i remember , unless you know the specific order in which to install them , then all hell breaks loose , and it 'just wont work anymore ' . ( as in you can get to the desktop after restart , but you wont be able to install anything ever again until you remove all the packages you tried to install . )
i386 i386sudo this is the output i am getting
there is no option like that : (
yes , it brings up the old one ( blackscreen+dialog )
i have 14.04
thanks , after fighting with it . i tried repo sync -- force-sync . remove the error . still not compiling though . i found that the problem was with missing libraries . i 'm a novice at developing for for android using ubuntu . i found a good tool that has helped me out . apt-file is great tool .
it says `/usr/bin/git`
no mate i 'm still on setup and still having the same problem after i did what you suggest : )
i listed them down and sent the list i had received so far to the isp . when i run the who is on the ip addresses , they do point me to the isp in question . if the ip addresses have been spoofed , then it their ( isp ) job to fix the problem , because not only is it affecting me but themselves too
do i need to backup everything before running hbcd ?
i want to install experimental plugins , not the ones in compiz-plugins-extra . these plugins were installed by git in previous versions of compiz with a script ( 0.8.x ) : atlantis cubemodel fakeargb tile snow
so i install grub before i install ubuntu ? because i can not finish the installation after the error prompts .
ya ubuntu is in a vm and the host is os x el capitan . i 'm starting to wonder is it the usb cable i 'm using now or the device itself
the package is installed but it does n't run when i type the name in terminal , and it does n't show up in the dash when i try looking for it
hi liso , thank you for your reply . no i have n't changed anything on /etc/apache2/apache2.conf .
- indeed i read this question , i do name the package as `` libjpeg-dev `` .
posted the output of sudo lshw -c network at while lsmod | grep iwlwifi did not output anything
i 'm doing this in a virtual-env . would that work ?
, the result of that is : /lib/plymouth/themes/ubuntu-logo/ubuntu-logo.plymouth
ahhh i figured it out . i was doing `` ctrl + alt + arrow keys '' . i now know i must do `` ctrl + alt + left mouse key ''
thank you cristiana
nothing.mouse still doesnt work .
yes , i do . and they launch clearly different versions of the program .
> > are you able to log in to ubuntu ? -- no i just get past the creation of the login when i get this error ... ... . ..try to do exactly how is written in those informations about the error . -- i am using a usb , the directions refer to cd/dvd instal . as far as the hard disk is ok i was using it fine for months.. something i am missing ? thanks
i saw it but not found anything special
prevent network card being disabled edited for clarification , ty
yeah page numbers . the one that goes typically in the upper right corner to know in what page you are on .
i deleted vsftpd entirely and reinstalled it . then reran through my configuration and that solved it for me
thanks , this is the answer i needed . please make it one !
. when i install ubuntu resevied this message ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
ah ! darn ! that works . i guess the developer version remains accessible whereas the official one being obsolete is not responding . that being said , the -c command should properly react to that possibility , i think . it is going now , we 'll see what happens . thank you !
now it 's not only when it 's full screen . when i watch youtube videos at their regular size my screen will go black after a while , and i have to restart it .
yes , compiz is running .
i made no changes at all aside from adding the above mentioned php modules .
this awkward , but i am not sure . its the default ubuntu gui , i think unity ? ?
hi , secure boot is disabled but this problem persists . it does n't restart the machine when i click 'windows boot loader ' it just refreshes the grub screen . i have a feeling the link to the 'windows boot loader ' in grub is looking in the wrong location potentially . i know new menu items can be added to grub but not exactly sure how to find where windows is to link to it . if it helps here is the grub config :
: it crashes as soon as i try to open it , i do n't even get the gui .
i have a ca-certificates error i 've been trying to fix for a month
so i have to download photoshop from and then install it with wine ?
yes it is building from source . i am not well conversant with ubuntu . neither with building cyanogenmod from source . i am only following some guides to make a cwm ( clockworkmod ) recovery for an android mobile .
i got boot problems only on windows os . ntfs was broken , i fixed it with sudo ntfsfix . @ mchid no , i am not using a laptop . if nothing goes correctly then , which hdd would you recommend to me to buy ? also i did not get an answer.. ( sorry for being impatient ) is there an accurate program which can say if my 2 year old disc is diying ?
thank you for participate in this thread , it does work from the bios ( with the usb adapter ) but again , from the grub it wo n't work . the thing is that i need that usb port while i am on the `` live sd card '' and the bios does n't provide sd card support .
thanks , bruno , i added the settings of the configuration , but what do you mean by output ? -- - igarzo , they are two netbooks , i do n't think i can make those connections ... ?
yes , there has not been a decent answer yet
yes , it has , and i 'm able to use optirun successfully .
yes . that 's what i tried right away . however , any invocation of `sudo` throws the error quoted above .
no if that is the case the script wont execute when i try python script name .
yeah i uninstalled the one from the software center and installed into /usr/local/bin , running shotwell from there via cmd line or nautilus does n't seem to make a difference . the version that shows up in about is 11.90 trunk so that 's correct .
hey , thanks . i edited the question
ok , but that does n't explain why do i get that stupid error xd but maybe there is a way just to replace my old win xp with ubuntu ? ( now i 'm using win7 ) ? p.s i 've tried ( bootable pendrive ) but look , my win xp is installed on c partition , win7 is installed on e partition and when i 'm trying to install ubuntu on the /dev/sda1 which should be c parttion , it sasy that there is windows 7 loader already ; - ; what i have to do ?
there is no result of this command ( shell does n't print anything )
i wanted reader x for double-sided printing . i will look at those other programs .
no , i do not have a raid and never had . indeed , i have a ssd + hdd , do n't know what srt is . ubuntu is installed on the ssd and the data are on hdd , since more than a couple of years now : )
what i 'm specifically looking for is , where within the file system does one place the lockpref commands where one has to have sudo privileges to uninstall the thing . i want this to be set up where regular users can not bypass the filter short of having sudo privileges .
yes ofc . im actually doing this as reverse shell from on owasp - and i do n't know how to run a reverse shell ssh .
i installed the german version of ubuntu . locale days `de_de.utf8` everywhere .
all other applications are ok ... i moved the window and continues to not show the toolbar . it actually doesnt have any title bar
thanks @ terdon . what i want is the second option : a container to run directly ( like the `directory.app` structure in osx ) . maybe i need to rewrite the app to accomplish the `script.sh` objective . thank you .
the virtual image would be installed on the external drive . however , i was thinking maybe since it is a virtual image , it would be safer than having ubuntu directly boot from the external .
the usb does not even appear as an option since installing elementary . no dvd unfortunately .
i 'm using 12.04
it 's `hp pavilion dv9000`
`man grub-setup` is working well .
also i want the 1 ( for yes found ) and 0 ( not found ) to be put into the variable `` i '' .
when i go to settings > details , it says i am .
yes @ fret , if have any settings , i would like to know .
yes , that 's what i meant when i wrote `` syslog '' at the end of my first paragraph .
i just added some additional info to my post .
i am using dvd+r , 4.7 gb
per the details in my question , it does n't even show up in the disk management console in windows . -- i 'm trying the other things that have been suggested now , and additional usb adapters as well -- i will try plugging it directly into another board soon .
i mean uefi that sometimes need heroic procedures to get around and install ubuntu , as you can see an example here :
i have used my linux partition as / ( root ) while formating .
because it does n't say anything about how the device is being used . the converged device solution is also a single device used in all three scenarios , so would obviously need some other way via api to tell the app to change layout . apps should n't be implementing ways to do it themselves , which will break .
try it
i 'm using ubuntu 12.04 with xampp
i 'm using the one from the repos .
it does start with fe80 , just my router does n't support it and i would prefer to use ipv4
i installed a16p1_i386.deb ( p1=patch 1 ) and it worked wonderfully .
video graphics amd radeon hd 7670m ( 1 gb ddr3 dedicated ) display 15.6 '' diagonal hd brightview led-backlit display ( 1366 x 768 )
i did not get that from- wait ! what package did you want me to install ? if so , reply me the comments of how to install it .
braiam , yes , the card supports the resolution , if i run it in dp 1.1 i can run the resolution at 30hz as one display . it 's the 1.2 mst business i think that i need to config around . i 've not tested it in any other os 's . i 'm a single os kind of guy . : ) the driver is 331 and i believe it does/should support it . others seem to have set things up like this with multiple monitors . 4k monitors are new enough that i 've not found a ton of examples to go through .
it 's rather annoying to me .
02:00.0 vga compatible controller : advanced micro devices [ amd ] nee ati madison [ mobility radeon hd 5650/5750 / 6550m ]
that 's a comforting idea : that this muffled voice is coming from a bleed-over from some other source , rather than a virus . however , this muffled voice , though barely understandable , is in a loop . it is the same thing repeated over and over . i would image that a bleed-over from some transmission source would have to be live ?
nope dude . no luck at all . i have also realized that i have no idea how to distribute audio outputs between connected devices without pulseaudio so i finally gave up and installed bluez/pulseaudio_bluetooth packages and lived happily ever after
**note** : i know the switch usingctrl+alt+f '' x ''
my bios version is a05 ...
python is welcomed . variety is good .
i 'm using qt c++
i am using openconnect .
i have rebooted but to no avail . also via terminal i am now getting an error message because apparently there 's an expired key somewhere .
convert what ? what happens is that suddenly all the apps in software center are gone and in dash there is no 'uninstall ' button , only the 'launch ' one
`dpkg -l base-files ` list about 50 or so directories , including `/var/lib/dpkg` but doesnt include `/var/lib/dpkg/info`
no , i turned off my number lock . i still get wrong letter when i type
upgraded to 16.04 - same problem . the only difference is that it takes a lot less time to refresh the screen .
hi seth , rfkill list all gives : rfkill list all 0 : phy0 : wireless lan soft blocked : no hard blocked : no
in both . it looks like that it comes and goes with tvheadend .
yes . does that trouble ? i believe i avoided that simple problem . : )
ok , change that to 5.6 . ( i know 5.5 went eol on 7/10 . ) 5.3 is n't safe as far as i know because it is n't receiving updates and there are some vulnerabilities . i 'm trying to get someone to update to 5.6. is there any reason why they ca n't update to 5.6 ?
where is it mentioned that if it is uefi or legacy ?
qtcreator uses file selection dialogs provided by the operating system . i get exactly the same result with pretty much every other application which uses file selection dialogs ( firefox , etc ... ) . afaik file selection dialog is provided by , and depends on , the default file manager ( nautilus in this case ) . hence the tag . also , i could n't find `` file-selection-dialog ' tag and i do n't have enough karma to add one myself .
the suggested thread didnt work for me . ls produces no results although i am connected through a wired connection right now .
. ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
i 'm using deja dup as a backup with the default settings ( basically the home folder ) . i do n't have any `` special '' folders but would like to maintain the email history and settings ( thunderbird ) .
i want the vnc server to autostart on boot .
i can not choose to use the nvidia card . maybe i 've missed something , but my husband installed nvidia settings last night , and it would n't allow us to select the nvidia card .
there is no base image available for 12.04 from the buyer . this situation happened due to a buyout . we are on centos 6 , they are on ubuntu 14.04 .
**edit** just giving you an example . i have oracle java ( jdk 7 ) installed but when i want to install netbeans via software center it is asking to install open jdk . netbeans i had to install directly via downloading the binaries . similarly many other softwares exist .
naa it did n't . but my guess would be it 's because of appmenu indicator applet cuz it keeps crashing every time i log in .
sorry for the late response , my computer broke . this is the output of lsblk : `name maj : min rm size ro type mountpoint` `sda 8:0 0 298,1g 0 disk ` `sda1 8:1 0 244,3g 0 part /` `sda2 8:2 0 50g 0 part ` `sda3 8:3 0 1k 0 part ` `sda5 8:5 0 3,8g 0 part ` `cryptswap1 252:0 0 3,8g 0 crypt [ swap ] ` `sr0 11:0 1 1024m 0 rom ` `mmcblk0 179:0 0 14,4g 0 disk ` `mmcblk0p1 179:1 0 14,4g 0 part /media/agustin/eos_digital`
, yes ; exactly . serg : indeed it is dated . that 's the point .
seems like i might want to use /cdrom instead of /target since /pool/extras lives on the iso itself ... however it seems that /cdrom may not work in vms ! darnit , this keeps getting harder . this also gives a terrible exmaple which i can not figure out to fit to my needs ( top section ) :
how do i add log , im new to linux
i do n't think i did . i guess it 's installed with the distribution .
i tried rufus and linuxlive . it worked with 13.10 iso tho so should n't be an issue with iso burning software . i also downloaded the 12.04 iso twice and failed both times .
i 'm manually setting the proxy because of possible firewalls / disabled broadcasting .
still getting the same error dear , the difference is , in terminal , it gives detailed error while by installing software center it gives pop up menu for the same error . the error is due to skype-bin .
no . but it is on the left side of a macbook pro 3,1 and the icon is a headphone set
goto this link here is steps how to change default python version . i am using ubuntu 12.04
sorry , i am not at home right now . if i got to printers , add printer , then find windows printer . it comes up with workgroup , then list the pc , then the printer . when i click okay on the printer is comes up with the dropdown menu for printers , there are several brother mfc listed , just not mine .
you 're so right ! we have to move mouse a bit to start dragging -- but apart from that pixel ... ?
nat . and i forgot to add that ubuntu is doing fine with pinging and connecting to the internet
yes . the point is that i **need to run `pm-suspend` twice** as stated in the question title above . whether i use ` ; ` or ` & & ` is irrelevant .
the battery life for the internal battery ( 2,800mah ) is now between 2 and 3 hours dependent on usage . with the slice 3,900mah ) i get up-to 4 1/2 to 5 hours use . this is not too bad but considering my 3 x61s run for 8 hours with the 5200mah cells this is not too good . that is a combined 6,700mah and the x1 has an led screen not lcd .
i 'm original poster : problem appears each time my battery dries out . after every subsequent reboots , the keys are acting weird ( as described ) . the way i solve the problem when it happens : go to bios ; do n't do any change ; save and exit ; et voil !
i see what you are saying , i removed the desktop file from .local/share/applications and it worked thanks !
for now i did give up with logging into my lubuntu with fingerprint-reader . but am open to try again to secure my system better
i believe an ethernet cable its worked before with sharing xp to xp .
sample output : **term environment variable not set . ** please make a selection -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 1. create a budget 2. edit a budget 3. display a budget 4. save a budget 5. load a budget 6. exit what is your selection : 1 **term environment variable not set . ** enter the name of your budget : etc the program continues to execute as expected but the message is highly annoying * as someone has commented , i do use system ( `` clear '' ) which is likely the source of the warning ? either way , is this likely just an eclipse issue or something i can fix in ubuntu/linux
no , the headphones do not work at all . the sound preferences box shows only one device .
no , i have not used wubi installation.i installed ubuntu in a separate partition .
i do n't have ubuntu installed at this time , but i do remember from past experience what it looks like . and ; you 're going to laugh at me when i say this ; intel graphics media accelerator 3150. if you want to see the full specs , look here .
sorry i thought i was going to get an email when somebody replied ! no i did n't type a * character just the code that i typed above and i restarted ( sorry not reset ) by going to 'shut down ... ' ( top right icon on screen ) > 'restart ' . thanks for replying !
: ( - `/etc/phpmyadmin` - i 've chmod o+w permissions to phpmyadmin folder and it 's contents . - still the blank page ...
no i have one user account
0.1.2 for conjure-up , i tried the 16.10 version ( 0.2.1 ) but also there no luck . there was not even an landscape option
it is working now , yet it still has some gtk import errors reported - i guess all the development has gone to app grid . i tried to remove update manager but it is tied to mate desktop -
my pc is the router
i only recently got into the hardware aspect of computers , ive been a software guy for a while
my problem is that this config should work but instead of executing the php file nginx will download it
the live cd does start and i get a menu with ubuntu , advanced options , and memory checks .
thanks for pointing it out . the poster in the article asks `why` in the title , but not how to fix . ( but does ask for a workaround later on in full question . ) i still contend that my question is subtly different , and in order to captures queries from different perspectives is therefore relevant .
actually i am new to linux , i will appreciate if you explain what is interactive shell and how do you identify one .
the problem also existed in 0.9.1 .
-- - issue got resolved when i reinstalled the ram . thanks for your help .
i 'll add the content . i am not sure if i did setup encrypted swap . how do i check this . sorry it has been a while since i installed the system .
i 've followed your suggestions ( thanks ! ) but unfortunately it does n't work . btw i also uninstalled amarok following your instructions but still does n't work . : (
it was set up so that the bootloader info was on the flash drive.should it go to the efi boot partition ?
in the file /etc/networkmanager/networkmanager.conf , i 've changed the final line : managed=false and i put managed=true . but it does'nt work .
i used my office ricoh aficio mp-c2500 printer/copier/scanner , which has a very nice document feeder . : - )
i did n't do anything special , i just installed the management software as i did in ubuntu ... but if a driver is missing i guess audacity would n't work either , would it ?
it is simply not present in *mouse preferences* . if it was there , i 'd use it .
the compile command is : g++ -std=c++11 -lpthread -c read_file.cpp linking is done by : g++ -o read_file read_file.o
the ssd is set as primary **if** i set the bios to legacy mode , but it does n't work anymore now that i installed in uefi mode ( corrected the question ) . uefi does not see anything to boot .
i think mine is gdm , if that is the default . i have not changed it except to get away from the unity desktop .
maybe duplicate , unfortunately i can be sure ( ca n't test it ) , because 20_memtest86+ file is gone , after i used grub-customizer to change entry name .
11.04 ( natty ) -- --
yes - i have 14.04 too , 15.10 too , 14.10 too , what-ever you can show i can then interpret it into my 15.04 or 15.10 .
i 'd like `` notices , texts , tutorials , mindmaps , screenshots '' instead of `` music , videos , images , documents ''
i 've lost interest . go ahead and close it .
boot from an ubuntu usb key ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted textto
, you 're probably right . do you wish to post it as an answer so we can close this question ?
no , it 's a desktop computer .
phpmyadmin sits on my local machine . i need to add a remote server to the list of servers .
yes why ?
( i 'm aware that as i edit those files they will get overridden once the package is updated ) .
as far as i can understand , it 's html5 .
that changes how the addresses are sorted and precedence . it does n't say anything about whether multiple addresses or a single address are returned .
ooo , i did n't mind it.once i go and see it in the lab , i will tell you as i am a teacher in a college , anyway thanks for your response .
: no raid
, sure , i 've added an mwe as well as my latexila log . i 've just started writing this article , so i guess i 'm not depending on anything legacy . let me know if i can provide any other info .
yes , i could login with recovery mode . i checked the log file . it has a number of packages in the removal list as i had used apt-get autoremove cmd to uninstall unused packages . i am not able to open gedit . it gives some error . i opened it in vim and shows almost screen full of uninstalled packages . e.g . xserver-xorg-video-s3-lts-raring , xserver-xorg-input-vmmouse etc . how do i install all of them ?
'unity-tweak-tool ' is installed and change theme , but my unity not back . !
can not tell . see my last update : i made it even worse now .
windows 7 , the bios is uefi , however , it dose have the `` legacy mode '' with two uefi settings . this problem also occurs when i do have windows installed and the ubuntu installer dose not recognize windows existence .
how to do
i have a packard bell imedia d4210 fr . processor : intel ( r ) pentium ( r ) dual cpu e2220 @ 2.40ghz ( 2 cpus ) , ~2.4ghz . memory : 3072mb ram . graphic card : nvidia geforce 7050 / nforce 610i .
thanks rinzwind , but since ubuntu is a specific setting of debian..
mordoc , yes i do . i updated ubuntu to 16.04 lts but i am still getting the same error .
no there is n't a button or a switch only one for the wifi
to user68186 - my first boot is cd rom , then hard drive , then network , and the last is from usb
usgin weget into the folder /usr/local/src
`apt-get purge skype` gives `package 'skype ' is not installed , so not removed` .
i like evolution 's two-line style in message list - something thunderbird will probably never have .
======================================================= ***edit-4*** : apparently in `gnome-disk-utility 3.10.0` ( udisks ) , you 're outaluck when you want to format and mount a fat sd32 lba , as well as specify * '' show in user interface '' . that corresponds to the mount option : `x-gvfs-show` . taking it out as well as not specifying a label to mount on , such as `/mnt/my_label` , seems to solve the pbm . but why ?
i mean show the numeric value like 440hz .
i had forgotten to re-log in after joining the user to the appropriate groups , however the result is the same
i could n't `cd` into the mount as a regular user . using squash on the server to force permissions works as a temporary fix to grant permissions . investigating server permissions and `id username` .
update : **better example** ( hopefully ) : 1.super ... type `` ged '' ... enterto start gedit 2. close gedit 3.super ... and now ? `` ged '' is remembered , gedit is still in pole position ready to be started . however , hittingenterdoes not work . how can i start an application again ? - without using the mouse or retyping ? if i have to retype , it makes no sense that dash remembers the application and my typed letters . i assume there is a way to open the application again by just : super+enter ( or something similar ) . thanks !
yes . i already config /etc/default/grub so it will run cpufreq-set perfecty
. when ever i do 'sudo apt-get update ' even , i get 'sudo : apt-get : command not found '
it is vps how could i do a simlynk ? , moved etc/ folder to /var/www/old/
: i executed the command as root ... i guess it is just not fully supported ( yet ? ) by the kernel .
yes of course .
can still boot to ubuntu . i
if someone tries to login or hack through ssh .
: `base` is an empty file and `head` contains the `` [ ... ] do not edit this file [ ... ] '' . but there is a `tail` symbolic link which points to `original` which indeed contains the problematic ip . can you promote your helpful comment to an answer , please ?
i 'm not upgrading from lts to lts , but from 10.10 to 12.04 .
**edit** it should also be noted that whenever i manually mount the casper file ( using another ubuntu system ) , everything appears to be normal , my documents and other files appear to be intact .
processes of 1 users . apr 4 12:18:45 user-desktop bluetoothd [ 469 ] : connection refused ( 111 ) apr 4 12:18:45 user-desktop pulseaudio [ 8097 ] : [ pulseaudio ] module-bluetooth-device.c : failed to acquire transport /org/bluez/469/hci0/dev_00_16_94_0f_23_c6/fd15 apr 4 12:18:47 user-desktop bluetoothd [ 469 ] : audio connection got disconnected pactl load-module module-bluetooth-discover : failure : module initialization failed apr 4 12:15:21 user-desktop pulseaudio [ 8097 ] : [ pulseaudio ] module.c : module `` module-bluetooth-discover '' should be loaded once at most . refusing to load . the firmware changed the behaviour because now even a2dp does not work ( i can get it work again if i remove the firmwares under /lib/firmware ) [ 1
however , until about a few weeks ago the separation was n't as complete as i consider ideal for my requirements .
actually it is more complete especially in terms of css3 -
no , it works just fine in the terminal . same exact command . that 's what i said in the last sentence in the post .
it 's like 4 years old . i used compressed air to get dust out but there was no noticeable differenc.e
i installed it directly via deb package
, udev 2.8g 0 2.8g 0 % /devtmpfs 573m 9.5m 563m 2 % /run/dev/sda7 92g 19g 69g 22 % /tmpfs 2.8g 9.5m 2.8g 1 % /dev/shmtmpfs 5.0m 4.0k 5.0m 1 % /run/locktmpfs 2.8g 0 2.8g 0 % /sys/fs/cgroup/dev/sda8 56g 50g 3.8g 93 % /home/dev/sda1 496m 302m 195m 61 % /boot/efitmpfs 573m 12k 573m 1 % /run/user/116 . yes drives are ok. pls let me know if i need to provide any logs for the same thank you !
system does not boot with neither of the kernels , when i select one of them this msg shows up : loading linux 4.4.0-21 ( or 31 ) -generic ... loading initial ramdisk ...
i did not see your comment until yet . woopsie . i 'll test it later !
ceppi : any will do . but i do n't know perl = )
edit : this is the 10.04 release version of kubuntu netbook
my computer is work but can not update .
i do not want multiple swap partitions , i do not made it , it`s just there , my question was how to make these three to be one . and i do not wish to delete the other two , because 2 gb is not enough .
i ran`sudo chmod -r a+rx myfolder/public_html`then accidentally ran`sudo chmod a+rx ~`instead of `sudo chmod a+rx myfolder`this quote is from a site i was using as a guide ... > `` the first command sets everything in your public_html directory to be > readable and accessible by all users on the system . the second command > sets your home directory to be the same way ( though not all the files > in it , like we did with public_html ) . note that the `` x '' in the first > command is capitalized . ''
but have a linux 64 bit link
i know chmod however need a little assistance please i just want that group only have access to that drive .
i have updated the question with what you asked
i am working on home network .
yea . after placing the maui jar file in rake folder , i ran this exact command .
login bug is that i cant log in normally . i had to delete fglrx with ctrl+alt+f1
i 'm using unity , i 'll report the bug .
as i mention in the description , it worked fine when i installed 12.04 and it appeared later , i suppose after an update
yes ! i have but i do get warning messages of some sort wen i restart . see the updates . i do n't usually see these during reboot , at least not on other machines running ubuntu .
to different system
: the folder in question shows up as ` . ? ` just like before . observe : `drwxr-xr-x 2 user user 4096 2007-09-03 10:08 . ? `
it currently does not work for google chrome .
: done .
when i try sudo dpkg -- configure -a i get sudo dpkg -- configure -a setting up storagemadeeasy ( 4.0-1 ) ... archive : /usr/share/sme_install/unix-mknod-0.04.zip replace /usr/share/sme_install/unix-mknod-0.04/typemap ? [ y ] es , [ n ] o , [ a ] ll , [ n ] one , [ r ] ename :
hello zacharee1 , yes , i have 3 hard drives ( long story ) and the one where the partition was it was named /sda3 . i suspect that there is another grub installation on the other hard drive ( sda ) that is looking for the partition not found , so this morning i already installed the new updated grub there . i havent tried yet to see if it works because i am working on this very machine , and i have files to deliver i will try to reboot as soon as i finish working , and update here for sure . thanks zacharee1 , thanks marty .
yes , i am in australia .
i followed the instructions i found in the calibre site :
and on 64-bit ubuntu , i get an error from update manager and `apt-get update` : failed to fetch unable to find expected entry 'main/binary-i386/packages ' in release file ( wrong sources.list entry or malformed file ) some index files failed to download . they have been ignored , or old ones used instead .
upd . : i am also running into the same error `awk : command not found` with other things ... p.s . the system is ubuntu 12.04.4 lts ( gnu/linux 3.2.0-64-generic-pae i686 )
yes , that was the issue
muru , i ran that command and got the following output : /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kilian-ubuntu-f_lux-vivid.list : deb vivid main /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kilian-ubuntu-f_lux-vivid.list : # deb-src vivid main what should i do from here ? i ran `sudo apt-get install ppa-purge` , `sudo ppa-purge flux` , and `sudo apt-get purge flux` , but i still got errors that nothing existed . xangua , i am using redshift ! but my problem is unrelated to that .
this problem does not appear if i copy the file to hard disk with windows and then move it to /home with ubuntu . so i think something is wrong in ubuntu .
steven @ steven-desktop : ~ $ uname -a linux steven-desktop 3.0.0-12-generic # 20-ubuntu smp fri oct 7 14:50:42 utc 2011 i686 i686 i386 gnu/linux steven @ steven-desktop : ~ $ free -m total used free shared buffers cached mem : 2688 1310 1378 0 113 562 -/+ buffers/cache : 633 2055 swap : 3904 0 3904 steven @ steven-desktop : ~ $
if it 's not recognizing your partitions , of course it will then .
the page it came from is [ here ] ( and the actual file download link is [ here ] (
thanks @ nephente , i 'm sorry that i needed more time as expected to try the answers and get them work .
i 'm not sure . would it matter ? i have enough ram that the files will stay in the disk cache so that making thumbnails from them should n't cause any i/o .
ubuntu 12.04 and using txt file and its the default editor for that .
yes i can
union bank of india site : unionbankonline.co.in . it requires java after one logs in to display another window using java . it displays the error message `` you need to install the latest java plugin . please click ok . ''
it was just the closest to what i had that i could readily find . thought it might be the smoothest . got ta work on that impatience thing . i thought maybe i would n't lose as much too . hey , live and learn .
i can not access other tabs !
hmm , yeah there 's an `auth.log.1` , but it starts earlier and only logs up to august 14th .
i suppose it is varsion 11.04
whopppie ... thank you so much ... i have setup the scanner ... its workings thanks pilot6 and galgalesh
i do n't know if the question is confusing ! it 's really a simple one.. suppose i logged into tty1 console terminal , ran some commands ( with no logging enabled , because i did n't feel the need to ) but suddenly there came certain outputs/messages that i want to dump into a file ( or the other option get a pen and a paper ) .
should i not do it ? i 'm sorry for this question but actually i am a newbie on linux based operative systems . anyway , the output is the same also when running `glxgears` as user .
i have a corsaire 1500. i tried this approach : it worked !
i do have virtualbox installed . i actually have ubuntu 14.04 installed , ( it 's my main installation ) i just use virtualbox to host win 7
thanks for the link ager
yes , i changed the os var to be `` shell lsb_release -si '' and now it works well : ) . thanks you for your answer !
no i want to host git repo via ssh
because over the time.. i dont want to waste time transfer up and forth between hdd and ssd . plus.. ssd got a limit where it always break after the write erase limit . n i already damaged one after a two years of usage due to the fact i used matlab . it tooks a lot of space to keep all my laborataries data .
i want to play android apps and games pacifically clash of clans on ubuntu
edit : as a temporary solution , i 'm now using the command `sudo shutdown -h now` making the system halt instead of power off after shutdown , then i have to press the power button for 3 seconds to force a power off . the hard-drive does n't make the noise that way .
i disabled upnp on the router and it worked in most cases . i have one person which when i call still causes crashes in my wifi connection . what can i check more ?
. i stay hours to block like these domins ads , pop-up . my hosts file is 60108 line till now with no affect of my laptop .
ok.. i made a mistake.. for some reason i did 2 times the same command `` sudo mksquashfs chroot image/casper/filesystem.squashfs '' and this creates all the folders 2 times . now everything it 's ok ! thank you for the help !
i 'm having ethernet connected to system and and wifi router connected to modem ( i connect my phone using wifi router ) check image link below question
it only lights up when i have new messages from someone that i do n't already have a chat window open with . if i have a chat window open , it does n't light up .
how can i install debs from cd ... the server cd ...
it is running on nat now but i also tried host-only , but then i do n't get a ip adress
the output of whereis php is : php : /usr/bin/php /usr/bin/x11/php /usr/share/php /opt/lampp/bin/php /usr/share/man/man1/php.1.gz
i would like to simplify the installation process . typing the command is not the biggest issue , i think that checking for updates for all repos is useless .
i am using ubuntu 12.04 with gnome 3.4. i am using a docking station for my thinkpad t410s , that is how the laptop is connected . the main monitor ( which works well ) is connected via dvi . the laptop monitor works well wenn not attached to the dual screen system . if i turn off the main monitor via software , the laptop monitor still shows white stripes .
yes , apparently the reboot was not done correctly , i had to reboot it .
[ ac profile ] [ 1 ] [ battery profile ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
from the official repository at
it works on my desktop . because i do n't have anything else installed ( but i had win8 ) .
ps : when i try to use pcmanfm and attempt to open the applications folder as root , i get the error message : `` switch user command not set '' . what do i do now ? thanx !
eh , i 'm not sure ( i 'm new-ish to linux ) . i installed it using sudo apt-get install leksah in the terminal and when it failed to open after installation i then uninstalled and then installed it via ubuntu software center
yes , it detects the headset as headphones .
12.10. i looked at vlc , but i did n't see an option that would allow me to just select a folder and be able to choose on the other machine . did i miss that ?
do i just write these in terminal ?
sorry , yes , i add third party repository when i installed corebird side adds-apt-repository ppa : gnome3-team/gnome3 sudo add-apt-repository ppa : gnome3-team/gnome3-staging
yes , the hack appears to be for iwlagn and yes , the driver is wilwifi and indicated with the command 'inxi -f. ' anything else ?
the file was not healthy ! as you guessed
hi , i install gromacs 5.0.2 and there is no error , but when i close installation terminal and open new terminal and use `` mdrun -version '' command it shows that your gromacs version is 4.6.6 !
from canyouseeme.org i got `` error : i could not see your service on 183.83.83.29 on port ( 80 ) reason : connection timed out '' @ meccooll
error : windows failed to start . a recent hardware or software change might be the cause . info : the selected entry could not be loaded because the application is missing or corrupt .
i have tried multiple methods . i have used the method listed on the website , i have used penguintosh , and i have used startup disk creator on ubuntu .
ya . it does . but i did n't switch that off .
in the terminal i am writing `ruby -v` it says that it is not installed , but if i execute `source ~/.bash` then it prints the version , thank you @ chicks
i have tried changing the mode . but i found that if i go to the location of nvcc ( /usr/local/cuda/bin ) , i am able to run the command . but when i created the new user , i do not find the .bashrc file that can help set me this path . shall i have to create a new .bashrc for the new user ?
( might be in different directory , looked [ this link ] [ 1 ] for the same problem where fonts were in different directory ) .
oh , i already reinstalled now . forgot to post that
from , i guess it 's `sudo dpkg -i cuda-repo-ubuntu1404_7.5-18_x86_64.deb` but it also failed . ( i previously installed cuda7.5-18 using .run file ) edit : the problem was i did n't download the actual .deb file as directed in the preinstall step in the document . see comments below . for .run file installation , see the answe by @ terrance .
yes , there a few ( harmless ) log messages printed on the terminal - i 'll post them together with my result of the swapped parameters
i do n't use any graphics drivers , besides whatever was installed by default . my graphics card is an intel hd graphics 4000 according to my windows side . what is ctrl+alt+f2 mode ?
from [ this answer ] ( anyway , i need the solution ... : - )
unfortunately not . i did n't need it anymore
lol.hope i get the answers too .
i can not for some reason - `scp $ home/5gbdata/ masi @ 192.168.1.101 : $ home/` where to scp files ? server : raspberry pi 3b
i was using the web interface to ubuntu , but an answer for ubuntu one would also be ok. edit : i was trying to copy the files automatically between devices . i found a checkbox on ubuntu one that says sync locally that seems to work . but from the web interface is it possible to do a download of multiple files in a folder at one time ?
as i said in first line i have ubuntu 14.04.3 i also need almost always to compile with gcc 5.2.0 , and i do more need any previous release ... ( at least i need to use clang++3.5 that need gcc 5.2.0 preinstalled ... ( ? ! ) but this is another story ) .
i 'm running lubuntu ( ubuntu 12.04 )
yes , but my ubuntu 14.04 on ultrabook i.e . macbook air 2013-mid has such a shortcut which can you also see in the help of super . i do not understand why such a shortcut is there . i have not changed anything default by purpose . i want to know if it is a common setting for ultrabooks so some mistake in my settings . if so , i would like to know how you can change it back . i would like to have some script which would check if i have all keybindings defaults because i have had some incidences with things that may have misconfigured things .
i red in the documentation that the ip may change . i suppose that it can occur when the node fails and they replace it with a new node . it is not a huge problem , as this is used for development , but if it happens someone may spend quite some time debugging and not knowing what the problem is .
my specifications are : * 1g ram * 32 bit * intel atom 2 x 1.66ghz * intel built in graphics
but is it still required nowadays ? can not modern controllers deal even without it ?
i just clicking on shortcut in desktop : d
no luck when i do that
updated , one more time - thanks ! do you know what might be the problem with lost connection . when i use wifi for some time i lost connection for second and after that i ca n't reconnect to the network or any other network . i have to reboot and the problem is fixed until the next time .
the error seems connected to the 2 tb limit : it states `` starting sector number 4294967296 exceeds the msdos partition table imposed maximum of 4294967295 ''
the source and destination are both local , so there is no network activity involved in the clone . this server is hosting minecraft , and
hmmm ... ok , well actually i will rather delete one of the pbs because i never had it again .
apt-get autoclean
i tried both `latex` and `pdflatex` with similar results .
ok. i have used unetbootin to make usb bootable .
yes , it did work during install , i did test other usb ports and i did switch right and left click . i tried multiple mice . disabling touchpad mouse did n't help . i 'll just reinstall and see if that fixes things .
does anybody know how to fix this error ?
this is the output of lpsci command . 30:00.0 ethernet controller : marvell technology group ltd. 88e8042 pci-e fast ethernet controller ( rev 10 )
i would like to assign 2 ipv4 addresses to eth1 because i only have one interface , there is an another solution which is using the alias ( eth1:0 ) but i find in the internet that you should assign multiple ipv4 addresses like i did and here is the link
i used my previous script to generate 100 numbers and was hoping i could use it in this scenario as well . now i need to add the first 20 using array . could i incorporate a function into my script to solve this ? # main script maxcount=100 count=1 while [ `` $ count '' -le $ maxcount ] ; do number [ $ count ] = $ random let `` count += 1 '' done echo `` $ { number [ @ ] }
: i get : `` /usr/bin/rails '' on typing the command `` which rails ''
thank you @ thomasw for your valuable suggestions .
shall i install it ?
available hdd is 200gb ( total 500gb ) and ssd is 128gb
mirror that i was using : ubuntu.pesat.net.id , i did a third party source for update google-chrome and additional third party software ( like faenza for example ) . is there anyway to solve this ? i get this error when i want to install apt-file , that need curl , then i tried apt-get install curl , which give this error
p.s i 'm a complete linux noob , so bear with me please bus 003 device 002 : id 2001:3319 d-link corp. thats the lsusb entry for my dongle
for the first command i don get any output and for the second command `` no such file or directory ''
and : it is n't a duplicate ! in that other question , ubuntu did n't ask for a root password . but here it does !
i do not have the access from fluxbox to a indicator-keyboard systray applet ( it appears there is no equivalent of 'nm-applet ' in this case ) . the alternative is to run an ibus-daemon instance which installs it 's own ( uglier ) systray applet with only a limited choice of keyboard layouts .
this how it is getting now ( example ) - ** problem service alert : /total processes is warning ** . and i want to change it to something customized one , like , `` total process is getting increase , please have a look '' . : )
while , playing with easybcd , i deleted windows loader
i placed the result on the question text ...
quake live or quake 3..
i dont remebmer exactly which moment i checked monitor data ... but anyway even it swap-using noise , a ca n't explain why windows make it is much quieter . disk - wd red 1tb . it is very quet in specifications . but only not with ubuntu : ( : ( : (
i do n't know how to add a picture on here
no in normal locking , the download gets stopped . i just want any normal user to prevent access my desktop .
by normal i meant people who are not experts in using the command line , and do n't know how to manually edit files
it works , and the funny thing was , it fixed itself after reinstalling the stable version of nvidia driver once again . now i 'm on 13.10 and upgrading from 13.04 was smooth . however , i 've still got some issues with attaching external monitors/projectors when using intel card , which forces me to be on nvidia all the time and fans are almost never off because of this .
] [ 2 ] here is the output of `sudo lshw -c video` : *-display ( description : vga compatible controller ) ( product : 82g33/g31 express integrated graphics controller ) ( vendor : intel corporation ) ( physical id : 2 ) ( bus info : pci @ 0000:00:02.0 ) ( version : 10 ) ( width : 32 bits ) ( clock : 33mhz ) ( capabilities : msi pm vga_controller bus_master cap_list rom ) ( configuration : driver=i915 latency=0 ) ( resources : above comment )
can you elaborate it a little ?
i 've read this before , but there is no reference to _source code_ or _independent_ .
that works , that 's my workaround for the problem at the moment .
apt-get for npm , then npm install -g n , then n to install the stable and latest versions of node.js
hi andreas ! yes , i am using vmware 5.5. maas can see the power devices and able to turn on/off the machines and i can deploy any image i want properly . even the ssh key has been added properly to the deployment . when the landscape starts to deploy the openstack i can log into the nodes properly . i can see in the juju/all-machines.log a kind of infinite loop . it tries to read the packages and the config files again and again ... have you ever seen like this ?
yes i do . it just shows the parameter settings
unity . aside from installed applications , i 'm basically running vanilla ubuntu .
i am not sure what that is . sorry , very new to this
no autologin.strange , bug has n't appeared for 1 week , perhaps due to last updates ?
- yes . the accepted answer was edited by me and reflects the steps to solve this . the question is way too long , for it contains different stages of the effort to solve this , as the initial answer did n't work in fact . but it was the necessary base for the rest : using the live cd to restore it all
it 's just a solution i 've find !
version : 13.10 codename : saucy
: yes , actually i have a dock system with multiple monitors . i have difficulty whenever the kernel is updated , since the custom nvidia driver needs to be recompiled and re-loaded . i do n't have anything against updating , i just do n't want to do it too frequently , since it 's a pain to get everything working again .
nope . no error . just does n't do anything . ca n't move window borders , selection includes line numbers , etc .
i do have backups , problem is that they are about 2 months old . i think the drives are actually ok , maybe something messed up with the partition table . who knows , but i 'll try using scalpel .
did not try it but i noticed that it overheats only when the emulator runs some heavy graphics game or something .
i am using ubuntu 16.04 and it does not have the latest version of poppler .
: i have seen your posts there ( thanks they are very good ! ) , but the only solution is still ( on 20 august 2014 ) to downgrade the os ? there is no option for making pce-n53/rt5592 work on ubuntu 14.04/kernel 3.13 ?
here 's a snapshot of my partitions @ user3217310 :
yes , it is created ,
nothing installed , removed or upgraded ... : (
i used the update manager
it 's only a example :
indeed , your method works fine too . transfer rate ~80-90mbytes/s . thanks for this tip .
i recently installed ubuntu 15.10. my fan speed stays high even when i am not using .
oh , that 's because thas usb do n't work under my pc , and i think , that the problem can be the same . but there i do n't have any other internat card
this # ! /bin/sh -e # # rc.local # # this script is executed at the end of each multiuser runlevel . # make sure that the script will `` exit 0 '' on success or any other # value on error . # # in order to enable or disable this script just change the execution # bits . # # by default this script does nothing . xinput -set-prop 13 139 0 exit 0 i added that xinput line to fix some wrong behavior with the trackpoint .
that is the dialog i got before - the choices are gdm and lightdm - based on other questions , i assume lightdm is in fact the correct choice ?
i installed it from the ubuntu software center . it is located in the opt folder .
i am using ubuntu 10.04 lts - the lucid lynx
good point . the main secondary program that i use quite often is pdf-xchange via wine . it 's a long command to write , but maybe i just need to write an alias . the other point is , afaik if i open a file using xdg-open , i can then close the terminal . however , if i use ( e.g . ) `vlc /path/to/movie.mp3 & ` , then i 'll need to keep the terminal window open .
nope . module mod_rewrite does not exist . how do i solve that then ?
thanks for the tip . i just tried and it seemed snappy enough , but without javascript , the page/content were all pretty simple .
've already researched this but have n't found a solution yet and i
well , for instance i wanted to create directories , folder ( s ) then , putting files in it or review or get a certain file where a pop-up input box will appear to input the file name , i did it in windows , but i am new in ubuntu and want to do the same stuff .
i use xubuntu and then installed openbox .
when i run firefox from termnal i see these
i was using ubuntu 10.10.
i have 11.04 natty
**edit 1 : ** i did `sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sdb` to zero out the drive . i cancelled when it performed the action for 5 minutes .
thanks , it works now ! feel a little silly for wasting your time over something so simple ...
just application lens , the rest of lenses are pretty fast . when i click on application lens i can see that loading animation , then i wait around 10 seconds and then my apps appear , and i do n't have much apps , most of them are preinstalled .
yup it 's usb dongle .
a lot of files and folders of nagios still on my system . the procedure to uninstall the software do not work properly .
**edit : ** content of `/etc/network/interfaces` auto lo iface lo inet loopback when
thanks . i will try . if i download 10.04 onto a usb stick , how do i load it - sorry to be a nuisance !
but mateo , using sudo apt-get install blender it 's still 2.69 and i want the latest version of blender and if i download from the website it is just a file .
yup , official repositories . gbrowse files came from their website while the perl libraries , installed via cpan as specified in the gbrowse tutorials .
the netbook is a acer aspire one d257 , it has a intel atom n570 , igb ram and 6 cell lion battery . i do not know what graphics card it has .
- updated with that detail .
the laptop is an old toshiba satellite pro .
we have an application that does similar to the above - i 'm trying to debug why we ca n't execute commands via bash like this . ifconfig is just an example . we ca n't seem to execute any binary ( via bash ) . once in the shell , it 's all fine . i 'd just like to understand what could be different here .
yes . in windows , i have to give username and password when prompted after clicking khn wifi . then on opening chrome , seraph authentication website automatically opens in which i have to type my username n password again for starting the net . but how to do this in ubuntu ? above diagnosis not working .
. it use socket on port 9100 with a ppd file ( postscript ) -
that could be a plan b , but it 's not what i 'm looking for .
it shows like in 31 line..syntax error near unexpected token ' ( ' and also in line 'export java_home=/media/f25acc3e5acbfcfb/program files ( x86 ) /java '
oops ... natty : )
it has to be pretty inconvenient . if necessary i can delete all copies of the ubuntu iso on my computer , and give away all my livecds , after i 've tested the system . i do n't know whether there 's a way to get root back without any bootable media . if there is , i think i 'd prefer not to know about it .
yes , i could not obtain a driver .
when trying to run the script again .
because i need file manager with ui
it 's windows 7 .
thank you jonas ! i think i will report this as a bug . restarting kdenlive does n't solve the problem either .
, yes i have the virtual box tools installed
good idea . i tried opening with `` /usr/bin/thunderbird '' . if thunderbird is already running , nothing happens . if thunderbird is not running , still nothing happens , it does not even open .
this problem occurs after i try to install phpldapadmin.i am using php7.0
libmtp is not installed . and using these commands is not helping . ./configure make sudo make install for libmtp 1.1.3 downloaded from sourceforge
the output of ls -la install is -r-xr-xr-x 1 root root 24293 jan 16 2013 install i do n't know if this is relevant , but i am trying to install from a mounted image .
it is an internal ssd . but yes , it should have installed itself on it too ...
vsftp , which is i came to know the best ftp from internet
hi dv3500ea , i am looking for somehting like the tor network . which masks your ip with proxy servers ip .
: still there is only suspend mode
computer @ computer-satellite-l755 : ~ $ sudo apt-get update reading package lists ... done computer @ computer-satellite-l755 : ~ $ sudo apt-get install building dependency tree reading state information ... done you might want to run 'apt-get -f install ' to correct these.e : can not get debconf version . is debconf installed ? debconf : apt-extracttemplates failed : no such file or directory dpkg : error : syntax error in triggers deferred file `/var/lib/dpkg/triggers/unincorp ' at character `t ' midline e : sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code ( 2 )
rpi awesomeness - i got this from stackoverflow : the instruction to run rake are from
the vps provider is conoha , and it is static ip , your right !
# interfaces ( 5 ) file used by ifup ( 8 ) and ifdown ( 8 ) auto lo iface lo inet loopback - in /etc/network/interfaces
strange . thanks for the information . i will do some more checking .
: to debian .
idk where do i find it ?
yes , they both work .
**update** ps -aux | grep `ps -p $ $ -o ppid=` will output something like this : user 4239 0.0 0.7 292708 15744 pts/8 sl 11:39 0:02 xfce4-terminal user 4800 0.0 0.0 6176 820 pts/0 s+ 12:23 0:00 grep -- color=auto 4239 this will also work with xterm , but how do i get only the name ( `xfce4-terminal` in this case ) ?
doing it with admin password would n't be the optimal solution , but it would be a better solution than what i 'm doing right now .
hi tweej . the output to yours was : desktop $
yes , i have bluetooth hardware , as i said in my post `` i am able to open bluetooth in case i need it '' ; - ) do n't understand how that can interact with battery icon , but answer is `` yes '' .
if i just randomly check my wireless connection ( on the top right hand menu ) , it seems to be connected ( to the rogue wireless network ) sometimes not sure how | why that happens . i have seen the wireless connection ( say c1 ) switch from what i had connected earlier , to this rogue wireless network ( say marvelapx ) .
i 'm using graphic card onboard and i didnt install anything to my ubuntu .
i did n't install ssh , how to install it and configure it ?
the ubuntu15.10 already install gcc4.7 , but i need gcc4.4 and g++4.4 to build android .
if i an interpret correctly i have an ip address but i 'm not sure and i could n't copy/paste an output . anyway , thanks @ migrc
fresh install of 16.04 lts and using the default libreoffice version that came with it . i deleted `~/.config/libreoffice` and ran libreoffice to recreate it but the crashing problem persists . i forgot to mention that i also sometimes get an ubuntu internal error notification when libreoffice crashes .
yeah turns out all i needed to do was delete and re add the printer . works fine now .
see the edit plz !
yes i type the commands to add the mode when the display is connected but the pc booted with the display not connected .
no . i did not change anything in bios after i upgrade to ubuntu 14.04. it was working . my windows7 installation ( on laptop ) works along side with my ubuntu 13.10 ( on usb drive ) . after the upgrade , i ca n't boot to either environment .
ubuntu 14.04 lts
[ 1 ] lshw -c video output : *-display description : vga compatible controller product : 82945g/gz integrated graphics controller vendor : intel corporation physical id : 2 bus info : pci @ 0000:00:02.0 version : 02 width : 32 bits clock : 33mhz capabilities : msi pm vga_controller bus_master cap_list rom configuration : driver=i915 latency=0 resources : irq:16 memory : dfe00000-dfe7ffff ioport:8800 ( size=8 ) memory : e0000000-efffffff memory : dfe80000-dfebffff in the text selected in green you can see the 'online ' , 'file ' and 'hassle ' words cut . [ 1 ] :
no , not showing anything , command is running but not showing anything ?
add & remove files ( mainly music ) like a mass storage device .
just added spme logs in the question . also , these logs were found in syslog.2
updated the wording of the question : )
the output is : `sudo updatedb ; locate apt-clone /var/log/dist-upgrade/apt-clone_system_state.tar.gz` the output of `grep` is pasted at [ pastebin ] (
thanks for your reply . `` links to other partitions '' , hmm ... i really did not understand that . i can access my other partitions and i do n't have any problem with those partitions . 1 tb hdd . three partitions . 1st . 300 gb - ubuntu ( ext3/ext4 ) . 2nd . 200 gb - windows ( ntfs ) . 3rd . third partition is also an ntfs partition . with all due respect here is my question - why do n't you think this is a bug ? why a linux partition would count ntfs partitions when all i wanted was to see the properties of a ext3/ext4 partition ?
best guess , they been sure fire ways to do it . i have not had any lockups not doing them . i 'm currently looking up ways i can isolate it .
besides r-ctrl i want the windows key on the left
no , i am a bangladeshi .
this occurs both over ssh and when i have a keyboard and screen attached .
but is n't it unused when i 'm running ubuntu ? i do n't have any files from my windows partition running . or am i missing something ?
[ ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
`` all '' types of files . and both gstreamer1.0-* are already installed
oh right sorry , 15.04 and php5.6.4
done . i also made sure that the network device was actually eth0 ; i 've had devices change between eth0 and eth1 before . it is , indeed , eth0 .
na , post installation w/o putting the usb in no screen comes up . i believe its a thing with my age old acer 4520 and ubuntu 12.04. i 'm going for 11.10 to see if it works or not .
[ edit ] welp , i re-made the live usb and now it works fine . thanks for the replies ! another computing lesson learned the hard way . [ /edit ]
there is now only 1 partition . here is a paste showing details when i ran `fdisk -l` -- >
hello , mitch . it came with the xubuntu desktop which i run in ubuntu 12.04 .
, yes , they are .
[ 1 ] : ? contentid=1723792 & isfromtoclink ; =false
just installing chromium os
if sorry for not explaining well , i mean the dock to the left of screen
with ecryptfs method
ubuntu 13.10 saucy
this is my console output [ link ] ( sorry is in spanish
it can be put in /usr/local also.. waiting for more suggestions , though
i understand . thank you , serg .
total 696 drwx -- -- -- 3 bill bill 4096 sep 13 23:28 . drwxr-xr-x 59 bill bill 4096 sep 13 23:25 .. -rw -- -- -- - 1 bill bill 9398 jul 7 00:14 gpg.conf drwx -- -- -- 2 bill bill 4096 sep 13 22:31 private-keys-v1.d -rw -- -- -- - 1 root root 334311 sep 13 22:17 pubring.gpg -rw -- -- -- - 1 root root 334311 sep 13 22:17 pubring.gpg~ -rw -- -- -- - 1 bill bill 600 sep 13 22:42 random_seed -rw -- -- -- - 1 root root 7645 sep 13 22:17 secring.gpg -rw -- -- -- - 1 bill bill 1520 sep 13 22:17 trustdb.gpg
yeah . this problem occurs on 3.19.56 ; 3.19.58 , 4.2 and 4.4. the problem is that i am stuck only with the old versions ... .
when i do n't hold shift the laptop would just go into a black screen
windows 10 @ davidcole
ok help me to install like php 5.3.28 and latest version of apache and mysql
factory reset option to restore ubuntu in the original state
no , i do n't . this is a dell laptop that came pre-loaded with windows 7. i am dual-booting to ubuntu
bah ! you 're 100 % right . works perfectly now . thank you .
i have no idea .
yes , refresh icons , and the desktop . windows 7 still has that .
ubuntu 14.04 , yes , i have enabled the universe repository . i 'm logged in as sudo . i do n't know what to do haha .
- thanks , answered above . not mounted right now , i 'm just booting from usb while i figure out the problem , usb does n't automount /home . also , /home is on its own partition ( as are /boot , swap , and / ) .
what ? i modify my power settings to use hibernate instead of suspend . however , when i lid close is suspend .
** [ edit ] ** i 'm using ubuntu 12.04 -- - its not in the trash because i used root acces via terminal
its a desktop - powerspec b900 - not using any program to control the fan . per trying self help from various articles i added sensors above and tried to add fancontrol but it failed to install - also failed to run something called pwmconfig - it said was n't available to run when i attempted to run it . was trying this article & then realized it was from 2008 ... . tuxtweaks.com/2008/08/how-to-control-fan-speeds-in-ubuntu/
only ff and chrome works correctly , the other programs like phpstorm , nautilus , skype , kingsoft office etc does n't deal with russia layout
just added it . let me know if you need anything else .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- - update : this is the result of blkid : /dev/sda1 : label= '' system reserved '' uuid= '' c62603f02603e073 '' type= '' ntfs '' /dev/sda2 : label= '' windows '' uuid= '' 00a6d498a6d49010 '' type= '' ntfs '' /dev/sda5 : uuid= '' 033cac3b-6f77-4f09-a629-495dc866866a '' type= '' ext4 '' /dev/sdb1 : label= '' data '' uuid= '' bcd83ae3d83a9b98 '' type= '' ntfs '' these are the contents of my ftsab file : uuid=033cac3b-6f77-4f09-a629-495dc866866a / ext4 errors=remount-ro , user_xattr 0 1 /dev/sda1 /media/boot_old ntfs defaults 0 0 /dev/sda2 /media/windows ntfs defaults 0 0 /dev/sdb1 /media/data ntfs nls=iso8859-1 , ro , users , umask=000 0 0
well , actually this happens at my girlfriends account . as far as i can see she visits webpages ( plain text , no javascript or flash ) . but until now we did n't we figure out when it happens . there is only an approximation .
i use the xv as my video driver .
it is a crt monitor . all i can tell is that the manufacturer is medion , a german based hardware company . i have no manual or something for it .
i have an acer aspire 5732z , check the edits for my graphics card information .
sorry , this was ages ago . iirc i just ended up reinstalling the os , and i ca n't remember what happened
sometimes binary , sometimes source . it differs .
this is exactly what i wanted to know - which driver i have in use . thank you mark : ) everything seems to work fine now . i just hope i did n't cause any problems to my computer by deleting my linux partition and re-installing it 3 times ... . thanks again !
fdisk -l gives me all the drive info , but mdadm -- detail -- scan doesnt give me anything ,
i 've looked for it quite a lot but can not find a solution for my particular model
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- run : debug in mygl ( compiler : gnu gcc compiler ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - checking for existence : /home/giorgi/desktop/some files/codeblocksprogect/mygl/bin/debug/mygl executing : xterm -t mygl -e /usr/bin/cb_console_runner ld_library_path= $ ld_library_path : . /home/giorgi/desktop/some\ files/codeblocksprogect/mygl/bin/debug/mygl ( in /home/giorgi/desktop/some files/codeblocksprogect/mygl/ . ) process terminated with status 255 ( 0 minute ( s ) , 0 second ( s ) )
update : uninstalling the drivers seemed to have fixed this , but now i do n't know how it will affect the performance of my system . update 2 : the problem is back , and now flash video stops after a few seconds ( do n't know if related but since it started at the same time ... )
*edit* i may not answer my own questions so i 'll edit this one but i tried to run the installation with acpi=off and now the installation starts . if its still needed my graphic card is gtx550 ti and my processor is q8400 @ 2.66 ghz
firebug is disabled only right now .
hi @ a.b . added the output of above command to description .
i am used to have some folder where i create files that are needed only temporarily and what directory i can just empty if i need more free space . reasons are various and but i do lot of programming and every kind of testing . i might build big network with virtualbox and store those virtual hard drives to temp folder etc etc .
belacqua : ctrl-alt-f1 does nothing when fhe power is on . nearly any single key press , including the three above , will start the computer when the power is off .
because i hate typing . on 12.04 , i used to be able to just type `sudo emacs [ file ] `
`importerror : no module named site`
thank you for the comment . i need it to build completely same environment as a customer has , inside closed network . i will use it to reproduce the procedure and problems the customer faced . the application is outside of ubuntu but there are some packages dependencies . i found building 12.04.3 is quicker way rather than downgrading , surveying dependency , and so on .
i am copying the data from a docked drive to a hybrid ssd/hdd drive inside the laptop .
- the error log is empty . the only feedback i 've managed to find is the above error message .
it 's not a big deal if a guset has acces to this folder , but it 's better that it does n't . i mean real guest account , which you get when you install ubuntu .
here is a snippet from the script that tries to do this : indir= $ devicepath/'internal\\ storage' ls $ indir
i want **drag** windows mainly with **three fingers** . all others are not so important . natural scroll is already an option in mouse & touchpad settings , but im not a big fan of it . i always swipe workspaces with the keyboard on osx , and it can be done on the same way on ubuntu . `ctrl + alt + arrows`
answer from ubuntu developer is welcome , because he has experience , naturally .
it 's a command that sends a pager message . i send the command and i get the message on my phone . it 's a little extra effort , basically , to use our existing paging system so i do n't have to duplicate any of what 's already setup ( phone numbers , scheduler , lists , etc ) .
32. should i install ubuntu 64 to fix this problem ?
no ... `sudo zpool clear datas` return ` can not clear errors for datas : invalid argument for this pool operation`
: yes , i could n't say it better . but my problem is that windows machines wo n't see hidden files that can be seen in ubuntu without a hassle . thank you .
are you saying that lvm encryption is performing encryption on small blocks at a time ?
i installed it from a .deb package .
changing to main server did n't help . it allowed dist-upgrade to run without any errors , but i still have the same situation when trying to install vim
i 'm using xubuntu
no i was taking about the last /t in that swe \t n 1 5 9 8 \t n 1 5 9 9 \t n 1 6 0 0 \t \n here - i need the newline character..both answers did not solve that ...
by 'somedir ' i ment a directory other than /home/user/folder . type app1 and type app2 returns the following : app1 is a hash ( /home/user/folder/app1 ) and app2 is /home/user/folder/app2 . thanks !
thanks for link to the bug .
i 'm currently using 13.04 beta . also please do not give me bs about 13.04 not being supported at this time and closing this question . 13.04 is being released next week and the problem i 'm having is not a bug , it is a `` feature '' of nautilus 3.8 .
i did exactly that .
no i ca n't . it works in unity , though . also , in classic desktop , i get a resizing cursor but it wo n't resize . i am really stuck with windows that appear at the top left , on top of one another , without top border and without moving or resizing capabilities .
i mean the screen freezes , nothing moves , no key commands work , try launching the terminal , go into the dash , etc . nothing happens .
today i have asked another question on stack overflow and it says i ca n't ask again for some time .
i was using amd radeon driver and i have installed fglrx but it is causing me problems so i want to get rid of the amd driver . i have tried everything found on the internet but still not able to solve it
this is a laptop . i ca n't disable intel graphics . i can only disable amd .
i have only one , its intel default graphics
local . i am **dual-boot** . using wubi .
this was via terminal on a running vm . though the when you launch the game via desktop local , it works fine . the reason why i wanted to try running this game on a vm via internet is to host a lan party .
thanks ! `ls` result posted in the question .
- no , i can send event notifications . i need a specific person to be able to access my calendar at any time on outlook so they can see my schedule for the day/week .
the number is 64 .
it is a laptop .
yes . i was encrypting the disk completely . issue was resolved by a re-install from scratch , also with full encryption .
there is no error message , the internet just stops working on other applications.my wife who uses windows 8 on a different notebook but connected to same router , her internet stops working . if i pause or quit dropbox then everything is fine again .
you are required to research any operating system ( ubuntu in my case ) . your research must include the following with reference to the os you are describing : process description and control what process states are available ( how are processes described ) how are processes controlled is the os treated as a process or not security issues
directly , through apt-get install skype command
i never did any update , it started automatically .
sorry , i should have been more clear about that part . it definately gets past the password . it goes to a black screen and then back to the login prompt .
when you attach a window to another as a tab by right clicking on the title bar as select `` attach as tab ''
the model is logitech mk270 and it 's brand new . furthermore , after substituting the faulty mouse with an other on my linux machine , the substitute mouse scrolls perfectly . however , after connecting my faulty wireless mouse to a windows 10 machine , it scrolls fine - i can only conclude the mouse itself works fine and it 's most probably a driver issue .
, with the following error :
fdisk does not see the usb
yes that works for me thanks mhk
: ok , i posted it .
i do not know how this is the duplicate of the mentioned question ! i want to disable `pulseaudio` permanently . none of the solutions , mentioned in the duplicate link , work for me .
yes , if it will make the laptop usable again
not really , when i press skip and do `sudo mount -a` i get a message that the uuid does not exist , and checking `sudo blkid` confirms this . i just tried with ext4 filesystem and got the same result . does it matter that i am running my os on encrypted ssd ?
: that works perfectly fine . it does n't seem to matter if i run `matlab` or `matlab -desktop` , either .
yes and i set my env-var visual to vim and `` exported '' in .bashrc and in .bash_profile and then sourced the shell but to no avail . even logged out and relogged-in in session to make sure .
actually , i want to distribute my work as a package
i added the command results to the question .
i use 12.04 lts
it 's a legacy bios . not uefi . so i 'm assuming that is not possible on legacy bios right ? but good to know that info for future .
yes i can detect him with my phone and it s working
thanks for the comment , i dont know how to fix it basically . ive thgouth of downgrading to 15.04 maybe more stable less bugs ? i already updated to latest kernal 4.2.0-23. the links talk about key worker and ive already ran the perf and back traces to figure out what is taking the load which is irq stuff from usb but aside from plugging in a usb to make the cpu load come down , i dont have a permanent solution .
i am currently using ubuntu 14.10 . when the software center was not connecting to the internet i sought out a solution via ask ubuntu . i found and tried a few different potential solutions but ended up losing the software center completely .
to fix this
i can not get online to upgrade as i have no internet browser installed , the system is not letting me download any programs
i meant the download speed . yeah , it might be a bit slow but 4 mbps is my plan and i get 400kbps download rate usually but on ubuntu i get 30kbps .
no menu pops up .
, i 've edited the end of the main question to reference the specific tool and use i need . my understanding is that this is only supported in 12.04. if i 'm incorrect , i may both laugh and cry , since it will mean my fifth install of ubuntu on that usb drive this week .
well that does n't cause the system to tell me that i run on low-graphics but `echo dis > /sys/kernel/debug/vgaswitcheroo/switch` still turns the screen black .
i tried ping ip_address and it is working correctly
i used brasero disk burner to burn the .iso image on a dvd .
s , mi computadora es una dell optiplex 980 con una tarjeta de video ati radeon hd 3400 . -- -- - yes , my computer is a dell optiplex 980 with a video card ati radeon hd 3400 .
**update** since update to kernel 3.0.0-14 ( today ) this has happened 3 times .
thank you for your reply . i 've done the command you said agent86 but i have the same result . i 've downloaded also the .deb file but there is a problem too . i do n't know what problem has this game .
the network i want to connect to is not in the list but at the same time it is available in my mobile and other laptops near by .
using windows 10 .
this is my `/etc/network/interfaces` config file : # interfaces ( 5 ) file used by ifup ( 8 ) and ifdown ( 8 ) iface lo inet static address 127.0.0.1 netmask 255.0.0.0
boris @ boris-aspire-v3-771 : ~ $ lspci -k | grep -ea2 'vga|3d ' :02.0 vga compatible controller : intel corporation 3rd gen core processor graphics controller ( rev 09 ) subsystem : acer incorporated [ ali ] device 0686 kernel driver in use : i915 -- 01:00.0 vga compatible controller : nvidia corporation gk107m [ geforce gt 650m ] ( rev a1 ) subsystem : acer incorporated [ ali ] device 0686 07:00.0 unassigned class [ ff00 ] : realtek semiconductor co. , ltd. rts5209 pci express card reader ( rev 01 )
ouput from `df -h` filesystem size used avail use % mounted on /dev/sda1 5.5g 4.4g 786m 86 % / udev 996m 4.0k 996m 1 % /dev tmpfs 402m 880k 401m 1 % /run none 5.0m 0 5.0m 0 % /run/lock none 1004m 156k 1004m 1 % /run/shm /dev/sdb1 30g 1.4g 27g 5 % /home /dev/sdc1 299g 31g 268g 11 % /media/hd-pctu2
login screen . is there any option here to add the pics so i can show you exactly .
same problem in software center please view @
i 'm using windows 7. it is possible to use an ssh shell in chrome , but i 'd like to avoid it , and i do n't think i can access local files that way . dropbox looks like a good solution , but i 'm wondering if there 's anything simpler .
i 've done a lot of research on this topic already ( i 'm the person that built the 2 ubuntu 12.04 servers from scratch to replace our 8 year old dns/dhcp server that was on its last legs ) . that said , i 'm not a linux system admin , i 'm merely wearing the hat at the moment . i 'm well aware that bind9 does n't care about being stopped since the slave contains all of the same zone files ( provided automatic zone transfer is functional , which it is ) . i 'm uncertain on how to address the failover aspect however , as i was under the impression rndc commands have to be issued for a partner-down state .
unfortunately my laptop does n't have a numlock light , so i ca n't tell ... anyway , i 've followed your suggestion and am now waiting for my computer to freeze again . funnily enough it stopped happening ...
- hardy is still supported until 2013 for server installations .
thanks ... ... ... i do have a friend with dsl ... ... ... ... ... would a mcdonalds free wifi work ?
fix flash issues ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texti
there is no drive in the file browser ? are you asking me to verify the disk is sda2 ?
oh , sorry , i never really used alt gr for anything before , it was very usual to press ctrl + alt . alt gr works just fine . thanks .
and i want to install xampp which requires being installed into c drive . i have been told ubuntu includes the latest version of php , but i do n't know if it includes any other parts of xampp . can somebody help please ?
it 's possible on windows , and now i 'm used to them .
hi mr. lee . thanks for your reply . i 'm trying to get the same prompt and aliases i am used to on gentoo systems i have . this is the contents of my script : -- apparently comments are limited in length . i 'll get the script posted as soon as i figure out how .
`head access-2.log.gz` command gave me this output and some other similar lines below `1335451033 188 127.0.0.1 tcp_miss/404 327 get - none/- text/html`
through apt-get just as i did with quantal and mint 14
nope . in fact , the snippet i posted above is actually the complete output of running lshw -c video .
yes i did . is there another port other than the one i changed in `/sshd_config` that needs to be updated from `22` ?
yes , nothing worked
ubuntu 15.04 ; 3.19.0-18-generic
yes . you can put it as answer
is there a way to screenshot ?
# # # # # # # # # # # # # # edit # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # great answer , ty . oli . but i tried it the old fashioned way , and after one hour of compiling i got this message : install -p -o root -g root -m 644 ./debian/templates.master /usr/src/linux-2.6.37.3/debian/linux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins/debian/templates dpkg-gencontrol -darchitecture=i386 -isp \ -plinux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins -p/usr/src/linux-2.6.37.3/debian/linux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins/ dpkg-gencontrol : error : package linux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins not in control info make [ 2 ] : *** [ debian/stamp/binary/linux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins ] error 255 make [ 2 ] : leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-2.6.37.3' make [ 1 ] : *** [ debian/stamp/binary/pre-linux-image-2.6.37.3meinsmeins ] error 2 make [ 1 ] : leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-2.6.37.3' make : *** [ kernel-image ] error 2
- i tried following various sources on the web to resolve this but no result . i tested the same photon device in different system and different os which worked fine . i came to the conclusion that either my mobile network software is corrupted or there is some hardware issue . i suggest you to first test your device in different system to make sure it works . just a note that i have been using photon for more than 3.5 years and there was not a single instance where it failed to connect ! . so this time i am quite surprised with this behavior .
no , i 'm using ubuntu as a unique system . it came pre-installed this way , with a limited space allocated to the root folder / ( the loop device is mounted on / folder ) and the whole disk mounted on /host folder , a rather strange instalation .
no , the one with the problem is a samsung evo ; cost me an arm and a leg and it was supposed to be better . the other was a cheap kingston . 80 and works like a charm .
it was 14.03 version , and i updated by using system update option and upgraded it .
i had a livecd with persistence on my usb stick and everything ran amazing fast . because i made it with fat32 i could only get it 4gigs big and i soon ran out of space . so i put a full install on it and now i get windows freezing often and i notice a serious difference in functionality .
** edit ** curiously if i boot up without starting x , i can log in via the command line ok , its just virtual terminals that cause problems .
its built into the mobo . the command doesnt return any ethernet devices but has my wifi card
hi i used the uui ( universal usb installer ) to mount my disk image of ubuntu to a 2 gb kingston drive
yeah that would be nice . but this a professional forum , so certainly you understand that i ca n't just change my distribution willy-nilly . maybe if i was asking on superuser that would be a reasonable suggestion .
**edit**i get an error message saying `emacs can be found in the following packages : emacs23 , emacs23-nox , e3 , emacs23-lucid , jove` and that i have to enable them .
located on an unmounted disk . should it be mounted permenantly all the time
the default player for ubuntu does not show this problem . yes i use pulseaudio .
thanks . i figured it out , my windows was not partitioned , so after partitioning , everything was fine . thanks .
i install numix from market : `numix-gtk-theme` package . is this outdated ?
no , nothing happens
toshiba satellite s55-b5280 . i see just grub . not grub rescue . @ oldfred
i had been upgrading since 7.10 or something , but i was afraid that was teh issue . so this morning i reformatted and did a fresh install of 12.04 from cd . still does n't work . i 'm beginning to wonder if this is a hardware problem . i think i 'm gon na open it up and check the cable .
the generic drivers led to poor performance . the screen looked jerky whenever there was motion . so i downloaded and installed drivers suggested for my card from nvidia 's site . i had to boot into the command line without a desktop and i had to run some commands to turn off the xwindows environment . i actually do n't remember all of the steps but i remember it was a bit painful . i am sad to hear that i might have to go through that again with every kernel upgrade .
version 12.04 lts
what is bios ?
thinkpad e550
i discovered that i can enter both os in bios . i do n't need a boot loader .
yep , thanks again
i thought about it but it seemed too easy , and i wanted full control over the process of creating the system . but i think i 'm going to think about sticking with the guest user . regarding pam as far as i can see the scripts that pam_scripts for example would execute would be executed regardless of the user that logs in . that would n't do in a multi-user setup .
*********************************************************************** upon the suggestions in comments . `python-3.5` `python-3.5 : command not found` `python3 -v` `python 3.4.2` ****************************************************************************** how to use idle for python 3.4.2 ?
on ubuntu 16.04 lts
right now i 'm iterating to each folder in which the patch file is present and applying it using '' patch -p1
by default installation do you mean fglrx ? if so yes it didnt work . if not my graphics card is not supported so it does n't show up in software-and-update . i 'm not sure what you mean by default installation this is my first time using ubuntu .
sorry , that was a mistake on my side . i am removing dash .
via command line , i did n't really remember the exact command , but it was like 1-2 lines only .
crossover-11.3.1
sorry the system refuses to upload my screenshot as i am new on askubuntu ... i want to increase the size of ubuntu ( ext4 ) partition , but can not unmount it to resize .
sorry , i may not able to share you the code . do you have any idea which system files ( e.g : etc/ ... ) are responsible for these mapping or settings ,
yes i am using the proprietary drivers . i 've tried using open source drivers but 3d games do n't seem to like that very much . i 'll give it another try ...
great , i 've installed libreoffice-gtk via synaptic and now it is looking as it used to be .
when i add `` video=dp-1 : d '' , then i can change the resolution from 800x600 to 1024x768 without any screen-cut offs . the only output device i see when i do xrandr is then dvi-0 which is what i would expect , because that 's the only device that is plugged in . i do n't even have a displayport !
i am . the problem was the absolute path in the gvim.desktop file : )
editing is done , it is on an /dev/sdb1 ( ntfs ) ( / is on dev/sda1 ) . also i recently added /dev/sdb1 on fstab , problem occured scince then . there are also some issues with nautilus at startup scince , i 'll have to figure this out . thank you for help
vmware virtual server
it was working perfectly 3 days ago and it suddenly happened . can you please tell me how can i install amd drivers for linux . thanking you in advance .
yes it appears be the same . thank you
: it 's two physical disks , but the idea is to use software raid 1 , as can be seen from the question . apologies for the confusion , though .
i installed it through ubuntu software center . remove it from the software center also did not work .
12.10 was the version ... hmm , maybe `` partial upgrade '' is the wrong words to use ? maybe update is more appropriate ? i had 12.10 installed , and had new versions of packages that was downloaded and applied ... so the version of ubuntu was always 12.10 but the version of packages is various new versions ...
added to original question !
-- ok some updates -- there is a patch that works . allowing the loading of the video bios from a file for the 3.4 kernel . these features have been merged into 3.6-rc 3 apparently . but i 'm on that kernel and still cant switch over to the ati card . apparently [ others ] [ 1 ] have the same issue [ 1 ] : ? id=26891
hammer i 'm using apach2
: bro i have run your command but problem exist .
its like configure error and directory not found error
just tried hitting r ctrl + r shift which used to do the trick in 13.04 .
it is the install file in the tar.gz
thanks for the pointer ! i found the answer in cssm . i had the expo plugin setting on tilt somehow . i set it back to none and now all is back to normal .
you are right.. it is not working.. again.. thats what i mean , everything is fine one moment , and the next it does n't work anymore..
i 'm referring to the search toolbar found under settings > toolbars shown > search toolbar . ( not the find bar or filter bar )
no , background does not fade to the new desktop from the stock background . did set up both systems the same way , with the same operating system , and just to make sure i even used the same format of picture file !
no , i get a error message `` the program '' is currently not installed '' .
it does but it wo n't boot to that hdd , even with linux installed on it . i have to choose the hdd with windows installed and then it will take me to grub . i do n't want to use grub , because that prompts at every single startup , and i barely use linux . when i do use it , i want to simply choose to boot from the hdd it is installed on .
absolutely nothing happens ...
. its a rebuild - so no windows . the battery is brand new , and charges fine and runs for hours as long as i 've booted with it plugged in .
mainly in pdf ...
i want to run steam in compatibility for ubuntu 15.10 since i am experiencing issues with it ever since i upgraded to 16.04 .
it 's a 2 ghz intel core i7
when i am not working on it during download
yes , quite . i 've tried again : wifi works but the computer ( asus x555la ) does not shut down anymore .
in general yes but this means my private pc has to run all the time , also when i 'm in holidays . it would work but i would prefer an online solution .
smuck in the best meaning of the word.. btw ! i haven got enough points to comment . so my new answer/comment was deleted . the problem is not really a duplicate but an extension of the question .
i 'm looking at the decrypted folder . the emblems show correctly on the encrypted folder . sorry , i should have been more clear about this . so i guess my question is : is there a way for the emblems to be displayed on the decrypted folder and it 's contents ? having them on the encrypted folder is useless because i even have encrypted filenames so the whole lot is meaningless to me .
`sudo gedit` as well ... attempts to
path= '' /usr/local/sbin : /usr/local/bin : /usr/sbin : /usr/bin : /sbin : /bin : /usr/games : /usr/local/games ''
the output of nm-tool is as given below networkmanager tool state : connected ( global ) device : wlan0 [ www ] -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - type : 802.11 wifi driver : rt2800usb state : connected default : yes hw address : 1c : bd : b9:81:3a:8f capabilities : speed : 36 mb/s wireless properties wep encryption : yes wpa encryption : yes wpa2 encryption : yes wireless access points ( * = current ap ) *www : infra , 00 : fd:07:9c:78:5b , freq 2412 mhz , rate 54 mb/s , strength 63 wep ipv4 settings : address : 192.168.1.85 prefix : 24 ( 255.255.255.0 ) gateway : 192.168.1.1 dns : 59.185.0.23 device : eth0 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - type : wired driver : e1000e state : unavailable default : no hw address : 70:71:1d:3c:3d : bc capabilities : carrier detect : yes wired properties carrier : off
_ '' what run.sh file ? `` _ there is a thread here where they suggest making a run.sh file in the same directory as the minecraft.jar and putting **java -xms512m -xmx1024m -jar minecraft.jar** in it .
yes , of course it is .
i have rebooted a couple of times now and still no change
i did check the logs in var/log/apache2 ... ... ... .access.log , error.log , modsec__audit.log and nothing stands out .
here 's `/etc/network/interfaces` # this file describes the network interfaces available on your system # and how to activate them . for more information , see interfaces ( 5 ) . # the loopback network interface auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto wlan0 iface wlan0 inet static address 192.168.1.13 netmask 255.255.255.0 gateway 192.168.1.1 dns-nameservers 192.168.1.1 pre-up /etc/init.d/wpa.sh start post-down /etc/init.d/wpa.sh stop
ubuntu 14.04 for mitch and want to know how to set a timer to make it lock for serg
originally installed 14.04 and after that , upgraded in-place to 14.10. i 've read some bugs may exist in 14.10 's image burner , so i 'll try burning from a windows machine .
nope , there are +100 users with their own already existing profile . they wo n't like to lose their bookmarks , history , passwords , etc .
< ubuntu 12.04 64-bit gimp version is 2.8
yes . i change order : cd drive first , hd second
i 've not read it anywhere . the two are unified in the second screenshot , and i was hoping to accomplish as much .
: if you are using linux in the jdk dir .
: pop ... . retrieving from gmail and also from personal mail server ( postfix+courier )
because there are other things i like about firefox , and if there 's a nice fix , i 'd prefer that to completely changing browsers and trying to find replacements for all my extensions .
no hardware changes when i switch from one to another .
sorry , i 'm back now . thanks for trying , no i 'm not sure how to update , can i do from the command line
i posted a photo os the ls -rlt result .
sorry meant to say that the desktop is itself a server . i 'm using the meanstack framework to start up the website .
i add a pic , see it !
results of ifconfig tell me that the ipv4 address is 192.168.1.3.
. i want the mails available offline .
if i uninstall gcc from synaptic , when i call gcc into console version 4.7 will show up ? just as easy as that ?
they are shipping python as an extension , so the issue only arises if you want to script for opticks in python .
thank you @ terrance `awk -f ' [ : , ] ' -v u= '' $ logname '' ' $ 1==u { print $ 5 } ' /etc/passwd` and `grep $ user /etc/passwd | awk -f ' [ , : ] ' ' { print $ 5 } '` worked : )
yes , running unity and skype is installed from the deb file downloaded from skype site .
yess , do n't like . want to run all pc with same ubuntu ( 30+ ) in the initial starting phase . it 's a workgrp in an elementary school and w have to rely on donated hardware . also it does not answer the question why the life operation from dvd works perfectly an the final installation does not recognise the display and the graphic card . even with the external crt it is not possible to change resolution . also it is not possible to change ip-adress of wlan ..no sufficient rights . tried debian , knoppix and mint before ..even worse . if it all were arm cpus id take meego ..smoothly even on weaker arms .
virtualbox 4.2.16
i added the output to the question
i got vboxsf : x:1001:1002 : username , , , :/home/vboxsf : /bin/bash
$ tar zxvf nakasi-jro03d-factory-e102ba72.tgz tar ( child ) : nakasi-jro03d-factory-e102ba72.tgz : can not open : no such file or directory tar ( child ) : error is not recoverable : exiting now tar : child returned status 2 tar : error is not recoverable : exiting now thats what i put in .
hi neil , not sure if i 've understood your question right , but im trying to reinstall win8 from a usb stick and trying to create the stick using the program ( windows8-setup.exe ) provided by ms from their webpage also shown above
- the output is `` created new window in existing browser session . '' right-clicking on the chrome icon in the launcher shows that the new window was indeed created .
yes , openstack grizzly .
it was the quotes error as you answered . thanks for the quick response . i just addded two more action what i did .
i downloaded the script ( bannied404 ) on the site , which you send me as duplicate .
thanks for commenting and yes.imean my location stayed the same .
maybe i should - why do you think that ? ( just had a quick try and it does n't seem trivial to do that way either . if it 's the right way to do it , i may persist ... )
: see edit to question
oh , i did n't see this question till now . i got it from the site . there it provides a link to download windows for ubuntu .
i used rufus on the .iso file from a windows 8.1 computer
i was able to get it to get it to download csgo , using some commands i found but now it 'll start to download it , then stop and say `` disk write error ''
i created an installer using the instruction for alternate installation methods . 1 usb stick per iso build .
gedit text editor
i am sure i am using evince and i need to do a lot of text searching so opening with image program is not an option .
`sudo apt-get install firefox` [ sudo ] password for blue : reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done firefox is already the newest version . 0 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 557 not upgraded .
hallelujah ! you 're a lifesaver , thanks .
nothing ... when i put the icon in the launcher and open from there it blinks like other applications do before they open and it then it just stops ... then i go check the processes and skype is n't running
radiotray
i 'm on 12.04 lts , but apparently , it seems to work the way i wanted it to . i 'm sorry that it 's not the way you want the wm to work , but if you add an answer `` fixed in the meantime in 12.04 ( and possibly newer ) '' , i 'll accept it as you basically drew my attention to the fact that it was , in fact , fixed in the meantime .
i dont know how it can be done , obviosly
no i did n't . should i do that ? how ?
yup nothing happens on running the first make command @ karel
i believe so ; update-grub was definitely run as the boot menu includes the new kernel . i am a little confused about initramfs and initrd but i believe that supplying the ` -- initrd` argument to `make-kpkg` takes care of this ?
i just found out that it 's working on the guest account without any problems . that 's an argument against hoping that reinstalling will fix it , right ?
no idea really . everything works well with the vnc using unity2d . it worked ok ( see the answer below regarding the moving windows to refresh ) on my laptop which was running gnome . running kde plasma did nothing to change the problem . now i run unity2d on both the pc and laptop i 've mentioned and the only issue appears to be having a vnc screen up to both of them but i have n't thoroughly tested that ( other priorities right now ) .
0.0.0.0 192.168.1.1 0.0.0.0 ug 0 0 0 wlan0 ////// 169.254.0.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.0.0 u 1000 0 0 0 wlan0 //// 192.168.1.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 u 9 0 0 wlan0 //// i ca n't seem to get linebreaks to work so lines separated by //// there you go !
hi mchid , the output of the above command displays : hybrid suspend is supported .
bluez , bluez-tools and blueman . when i reinstalled them there were some configuration errors that prevent the packages from running .
no , it has no the switch
**edit** : i also had to add the following to /etc/resolvconf/resolv.conf.d/base and run `sudo resolvconf -u` : nameserver 192.168.1.1 without this i can only ping ip addresses , no dns requests get passed through . this is actually what convinced me that the interfaces file is completely ignored . **edit 2** : doing either `sudo restart networking` or `sudo /etc/init.d/networking restart` does n't do anything .
but i 'm still experiencing this . but i can have the change in kde & not in unity .
when i try to connect , it says `` critical transfer error '' whenever i try to transfer files to/from the server .
yes , that is exactly what i want .
yes , i can opt for switchable graphics , or uma graphics , but i can not choose which gpu to use . should i just go for the latter and use it like that ? will that affect future ubuntu and kernel updates ?
turn off screen after 5 minutes and lock screen after screen turn off .
edit : if so , why ? does linux environment does n't allow it or the developers did n't make it ?
if i install any package then this error will comes . but packages installing successfully
sudo apt-get install libglapi-mesa & & sudo apt-get install libosmesa6
so will you suggest me about installing 14.04
downloads folder
i wish i could remember . that was two weeks ago . sorry i suck at this . lol
i used the following : sudo apt-get install openssh-server
added info
yes , notepad is working but not others which i tried
i chose the first option to install it along with windows .
i have tests that open some windows . on my ci server , tests run in xvfb . i would like to have the same approach locally . clicking somewhere ( changing focus ) can change test results .
yup . did n't see that one , so i 'll mark mine as a dupe . thanks though !
: i 'll need to install and install it properly . basically i 'll need to understand the process . please make ur comment as an answer , so i can vote for it
might be a corrupted download . i 'd downloaded it 2 different times days apart a get the same error . going to create an iso by downloading on a windows pc and see if that iso works ...
`df -h` gives this : `/dev/sda2 31g 31g 0 100 % /media/nate/backup` so it is definitely full , but why does n't it just delete old backups ? old ones completed fine ?
thanks for the information . can you suggest me an antivirus software that can be trusted ?
yes it 's a dualboot . in the meantime i 've `` solved '' the issue by giving the acer to the gf ( she uses windows ) and buying myself an asus . ( had no problems with that one ) . so the only solutions seems to be : do n't buy acer ( the monitor was n't the only issue , could n't get the wifi working at all ) .
: i downloaded it from skype.com , skype for linux . please tell me : wich distribution do i use for my 14.04 lts ? what is the command to install it ? thank you so much
no screensaver . however i have noticed that it dims pretty soon after it locks . but if i move the mouse before that time , it takes longer ( possibly does n't even dim , have n't tried it for extended period ) . so it seems there must be a setting with the lock itself to automatically dim after locking ?
i had an old screenshot floating around with the old setting ( which is why there are jpeg artifacts in the old part ) . the final image got assembled in gimp .
that is cool , thanks .
no it does n't happen when i connect to internet using my other dongle which is unlocked version . the one i am having problem with was bought from the service provider itself which is mts
> i just tried , after reboot and come out the words `` completing > installation '' i press esc . exit the screen such as grub . i choose > `` safe mode screen '' and complete the installation process . after the > automatic restart of ubuntu and come out grub . after i selected , there > was an error with the words , '' **the system is running in low-graphic > mode . your screen , graphics card , amd input device setting could not > be detected correctly . you will need to configure these yourself . ** ''
i am using unity ( currently version `7.2.0+14.04.20140423-0ubuntu1.2` ) .
it 's the integrated intel hd4400 card . is it really the desktop environment ? because it seems more like a cpu scheduler issue . my macbook air is so much slower but i have way better application responsiveness on it .
? [ edit ] i have encrypted /home .i have 3 gb ram and i dont have to run any heavy application in ubuntu so i dont need swap.during installation of ubuntu i allocated 13 gb to ubuntu of which only 1.5 gb is rest . ( i will extend the partition through gparted for /home later if needed ) .in gnome disk utility it is showing 3.1 gb is linux swap but in gparted it is not recognized as linux swap ( it just says unknown ) . so i want to just format it .
option suggestion provided by you guys . i also updated my intel graphics driver . do you think it could have something to do with the samsung ssd ? remember although
i 've give that a try . here are the instructions :
i went to the link but i am having trouble with the very last sudo modprobe ndiswrapper . i get modprobe : fatal : module ndiswrapper not found . should i respond there ?
no not really not that i remember
no i want to use the wacom intuos with gimp on ubuntu 15.10
i am using os x. i do n't think that should be an issue , but i 'm no expert . it says gksudo is an unrecognized command . other threads i have come across said it was removed but may be reinstated .
a directory . there are files inside .
2-3 months ago , may be . not sure
how can i install python ?
added the real problem
i received a message about t-shirts and filled suggested form with mail address . it was in august ( deadline for filling the form was 4th of september ) .
oh oops , i thought i had already said it . i am using a gt 610 .
it 's both , but i ca n't really try it right now .
the new_name is actually an old hostname:0 , not the current hostname . in the past , the device name was always literally `` /dev/md0 '' , now it is `` /dev/md/old_host_name:0 '' . the old uuid from /etc/mdadm.conf was `` array /dev/md0 uuid=5aeb1f36-14de-497e-b28c-4b2d7792ed5f level=0 num-devices=2 ''
32 bit . i do not know if it does .
it says unable to enumerate usb device on port 2 over and over again .
i actually just switched to arch linux because i could n't fix this problem and i did n't have control over the variables that would allow me to fix it .
using pantheon as of today .
currently i 'm using nvidia drivers
the question is not in the exact version . i might have confused the number . just in general in ubuntu is it possible to do what i have described ? i am using 12.04
i ca n't think of an easy way to transfer the output since the usb ports are not working and so i ca n't even connect my wireless card , but it looks like the usb ports are recognized . i can even see the microsoft mouse connected to one of them .
download from redmine website . installed in /usr/share/redmine3 . used bundle to install . then made symlink to public folder and configured passenger in apache for this folder .
i do n't have either of those things . i just got this new desktop , and it came with a keyboard and mouse , both usb .
what would the result of `` sudo ntpdate ntp.ubuntu.com '' be ? i 'm not sure if ntp is even installed . i do n't want the clock to change immediately - would there be a way to drift the clock back to the correct time using ntp ?
now i did and the command worked , what was that and why i do that ?
so the autologin logs in a user who 's shell is a whiptail script which `` most '' users wo n't be able to exit easily . its far from 100 % but i 'm just trying to stop a certain group of users i know from taking the easiest course of action for them which would be to boot off a live cd , rather than trying to break out of the whiptail script ( which is their shell ) . i 'm far from a *nix expert which may be obvious but i 'm not sure of another way to handle this situation
edit : does someone know how to check , whether my bios has secure boot enabled ? edit2 : how could i possibly try to manually add the drive to the boot device list using efibootmgr ?
but nothing specific to ubuntu that i 've found
my permissions to etc is `drw-rw -- -- ` and i get permission denied when i try to run the two commands you mentioned
i was not able to find the option in the gnome-tweak-tool any more . i have added additional information to my question . hope it helps
other cards work fine . i do n't find anything relevant in `/var/log/sys` nor in `dmesg` after plugging in the card . oh , no , wait . there *is* something there . i 'm updating the post .
the tab is closed then and the second becomes the only one . your comment lead me to exclude solutions which require any interaction .
yup..lots of them : - )
i edited my question to include the script i use to rebuild the environment each time .
yes sir , the dot is there . should n't it be there ?
ok , added the output .
hi , i could n't add images as my start reputation is only 1 and i need 10 to do that . but it 's a quite simple window , with `` install '' title , in the panel `` ask questions ? blabla~ '' , and at the bottom a progress bar at its end with `` reticulating splines ''
i used netbootin to make it . i took the .iso directly from www.ubuntu.com .
i printed from adobe pro using some pdf printer , and the output pdf file can be viewed in evince , but has `` void '' added as watermark , which is undesirable .
no , i mean gnome 3. i want to change the icons in the banshee toolbar ( which have a system-set size ) .
hi seth - sorry , i have only just seen your message re errors . i have updated the question to include the details of the errors i 'm seeing . i 'm afraid i can only take them at face value - my assumption was that the files were n't there , but as i mentioned earlier , i was told that they are intended for a different version of ubuntu .
i did solve it but i ca n't recall now how i did it . otherwise i would have given myself an answer . i used some boot repair distribution that fixed my problem . as soon as i can remeber i will post the answer
-- -- -- -- -- thank all of you for your help . the error i kept getting was this : an error ( 1 ) occurred while executing syslinux . your usb drive wo n't be bootable ... after googling around to find out what error ( 1 ) was , i moved from my crufty old xp machine to a newer , cleaner windows 7 machine , and guess what ? pendrivelinux created a bootable usb drive on the first try . i am happy now . : - )
: i just get `awk : 1 : unexpected character ' . '` then .
no , my ubuntu is not installed with windows , i dual boot it . i did n't use wubi .
yes it is 1400x900 ( recommended ) , it is not laptop , old desktop intel pentium ( r ) dual cpu e2160 @ 1.80ghz 2
do you mean uefi ? is that the same thing ? anyway . first time no . i then deactivated uefi which makes it just use the old legacy bios right ? then i tried booting and reinstalling but just got very strange behaviour . screen went crazy and then got a lot of dos text with error messages
i will try that out , but i suspect since i used the same java binary to install on both ubuntu versions , that it 's something os/kernel-based .
i need it to encrypt personal data .
none of them work . if it matters ,
and , does the size of the flashdrive make any difference : 8gb , 16gb or 32gb ?
i used 1366x768 on windows , but i ca n't seem to put that on ubuntu , i have 1280x720 both in the display setting on ubuntu and on the x server settings from the nvidia thing .
e : some index files failed to download . they have been ignored , or old ones used instead .
on the right . ( i did n't realize it made a difference )
thanks @ jaysonrowe that is most helpful ... . i will try and get the gem foreman to test this out .
? here is error : root @ ubuntu : /etc/network $ juju statuserror state/api : websocket.dial wss : //n01.maas:17070/ : dial tcp : lookup n01.maas : no such hosterror state/api : websocket.dial wss : //n01.maas:17070/ : dial tcp : lookup n01.maas : no such host
thanks for the help so far , please see edit 2 above .
. edited with output .
no , i already deleted it and am downloading a new one via bittorrent as suggested by the_seppi . for future reference though , how would i do that ?
i sent a complaint to apple , but i think it would be better if canonical took it down on their own without having to go through any legal hassle .
build-essential is already the newest version .
yes , i rebooted . how can i debug/log what is happening during the `apt-get` ?
ubuntu terminal when press alt+cont+t and open that one terminal
swapping the keyboard has fixed it , but they are not identical models . the original was a logitech wireless , the replacement is a hp wired keyboard . my current guess is that it was a fault in the electronics of the logitech keyboard .
simple white noise . actually this kind noise i can hear when i unplug my speakers ... there is no any noise from laptop speakers . but it looks like when some application are closed some drivers or daemons `` switch off '' the laptop sound input and noise appear like when speakers are plugged off at all .
i have n't purchased the machine yet , so i 'm wondering if i should buy it with the option or if it 's just not going to work with ubuntu .
it replied with usr/sbin/lightdm
the version from the official repository is old ( 0.2.7 ) . developer writes : `` install gitg from package repositories of your gnu/linux distribution . for debian based systems using apt-get package management : apt-get install gitg for rpm based systems using yum package management : yum install gitg note : the gitg installed thus will be an older version written in c and differs heavily in code and features from the gitg available from git master . ''
yes i do , because either wise you are not be able to use it , however i tried life cd and it actually worked after i clicked on bluetooth icon and click connect keyboard ( i have wired mouse ) however before that i could n't do anything because the keyboard was n't connected so that 's why i asking if it 's possible to make keyboard work when it will ( for example ) ask me in the end of installation to press enter ? or i could just use reset button ?
its perfectly ok - the written language can be quite confusing sometimes , and my english is probably not the best - when trying to explain problems i do not know how to solve myself : )
only some of the videos . not to all !
this is the output : blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo nmmhkkegccagdldgiimedpiccmgmieda coobgpohoikkiipiblmjeljniedjpjpf pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia
yes @ user3169 the computer can wake up and turn on with only the battery .
ok i 'll give it a try.thx
swapped out other keyboards and still have the same results . the caps lock is working on all three on windows .
no i want to remove it , ok is there another way to put back my windows bootloader ?
for our purposes
i want the new one for the official site
the activities overview where you see the dash . if you start searching for applications , all the application names and descriptions appear in english even though the os is setup and was installed in german
i took fglrx-updates 2:15.201-0ubuntu1 ( amd64 binary ) in ubuntu xenial and i look all dependencies : depends on : fglrx-updates-core libc6 ( > = 2.9 ) libfontconfig1 ( > = 2.9.0 ) libfreetype6 ( > = 2.2.1 ) libgcc1 ( > = 1:4.1.1 ) libice6 ( > = 1:1.0.0 ) libqtcore4 ( > = 4:4.8.4 ) libsm6 libstdc++6 ( > = 4.1.1 ) libx11-6 libxext6 libxfixes3 libxrandr2 libxrender1 xorg-video-abi-11 xserver-xorg-core and all my dependencies are good except the libc6 2.3 ( mine ) = < 2.9 ( i need ) thank you for answer
yes i restarted and went throught ubuntu recoverty and using root shell i did it . now that is the only way i ca n't enter the commands
i 've got to test it . i have no more bd50 for burning.. they are very expensive : (
the output of /usr/lib/nux/unity_support_test -p is visible in the code section of my post .
because of suspend/resume problem with my hardware , it is solved in linux kernel 4.6 .
added it ... ... .
i want to test ftp to local directory for testing purpose instead of permanently use it . should i install a web server application such as apache and setup the ftp ?
software centre , @ blade .
i have n't got . i created that folder and move that file to that directory . after that i rebooted ubuntu . still not working : (
ok. i have edited my question to include the output
that 's the output i get when typing `` winetricks dotnet40 '' .
i got the following error when trying to install `phpmyadmin` : !
done and done . many thanks .
it is running as a subprocess from python script .
thanks for your help , i got the right resolution for the secondary monitor . also the over lapping display was sorted out , when i pressed the 'toggle output display ' key on my laptop .
output : - java - auto mode link currently points to /usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.8.0_45/bin/java /usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.8.0_45/bin/java - priority 3 /usr/lib/jvm/jre1.8.0_45/bin/java - priority 2 current 'best ' version is '/usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.8.0_45/bin/java ' .
no when i insert a cd or dvd nothing shows up . im wondering if i have a hardware problem and not a software issue
for the same reason in the post i followed . sound has very poor quality on ubuntu compared to that on windows . and i 'm assuming using these drivers will improve it
i have no videocard : ) i have an embedded board with imx6 arm and my lcd display is connected via rgb interface ( the driver for this interface is included in kernel ) . after i run `` xrandr -q '' commnad i can see : `xrandr : failed to get size of gamma for output default screen 0 : minimum 800x400 , current 800x480 , maximum 800x480 default connected 800x480+0+0 0mm x 0mm`
jazz , yes i have but it dosent work
day : although 1st line is longer [ and will show you long pwd neatly ] ... the next line prompt gives you plenty of space ... that is the whole idea
yes , no problem with any other network . but my school is the only network i use that uses wpa2 enterprise .
`` from man nscd '' ...
i 'm not sure , i was n't able to test it yet . will this ctrl similar to how capslock toggles shift ?
yes , i can type m at other places
as per some of the suggestions in the comments , i tried the following steps . step 1 : cvt 1280 800 output : # 1280x800 59.81 hz ( cvt 1.02ma ) hsync : 49.70 khz ; pclk : 83.50 mhzmodeline `` 1280x800_60.00 '' 83.50 1280 1352 1480 1680 800 803 809 831 -hsync +vsync step 2 : xrandr -- newmode `` 1280x800_60.00 '' 83.50 1280 1352 1480 1680 800 803 809 831 -hsync +vsync step 3 : xrandr -- verbose -- addmode lvds1 1280x800_60.0 output : x error of failed request : badmatch ( invalid parameter attributes ) major opcode of failed request : 149 ( randr ) minor opcode of failed request : 18 ( rraddoutputmode ) serial number of failed request : 27 current serial number in output stream : 28
i would like to open firefox launch properties , but i 'm unable to , i 'm using firefox 28
the daemon is currently , only for my application , but later i might decide to make it public . ps : fluteflute thanks for putting the bounty .
tried . not much difference
title fixed and cleaned up . done . thanks for the heads up . i agree that it was a awkward read .
any other way is ok no problem . i just want to transfer my songs to my phone
how do i fix this ?
i 'm using cinnamon desktop
ah , i thought the check icon would come in my question . added answer - now i have to wait one day : )
. i did use ufw to allow tcp connections on port 443 on the machine in which the web server is running . however , the production web server , the staging web server , the database server , and the server currently running my socket server and sms server ( all of which are running ubuntu ) are behind another server , which is acting as a firewall for all the servers . and that server might be blocking 443. unfortunately , i do not have password on me right now to check and it is also running fedora so i might have to use direct iptables rather than ufw .
at a basic level , i 'm happy just to select a few tags and see relevant items appear . at a more advanced level , ubuntu touch could be a nice place for such a program with gps and so on available easily .
so i need to save the file with ` # ! /bin/sh chmod +x file.command ~/desktop/tor/tor-browser_en-us/ & & ./start-tor-browser` and create an new .sh that says `chmod +x` ?
i tried that at the command line and it locked up my machine and i had to reboot .
no . when i was using ubuntu 12.04 with kernel 3.2 , there was a difference between plugged in laptop and laptop working on battery . when the laptop was running on battery , there were quiet clicking sounds every 2 seconds . after the ubuntu upgrade clicks are gone , but now there is noise , regardless of whether the laptop is connected or not .
i did tried it but when i restarted my pc it was giving me problems so i shifted to 173 legacy drivers but today i thought i should try it again..as you told me ... thank you once again..as i am new here i do n't know how to rate your answer ... sorry : ( but i did edited my post & wrote your name : )
there is a key icon near two of the partitions , sd4 ( extended ) and sd6 ( linux-swap ) . the information for each states that one is busy and the other is active .
. i do n't know why people are giving my question negative votes . if you know how to fix this , then please help me , as i have read and tried all the solutions that i 've found . just for the record reformatting is not fixing it , and i ca n't get a boot cd to load either . if you know how to use the *blank screen fix tutorial* , please explain cos i 'm lost . most people do n't understand this stuff and an easy `` **how-to** '' fix would be nice .
it opens a new window of chrome .
the right shift key does not trigger the escape key . it is only the left shift ( which i use : / ) . will have to test the showkey -- ascii . will report back
i 'm afraid not , it 's exactly the same with both systemctl and dbus suspend commands from the terminal . i realize now that it does in fact suspend , however it does n't resume properly . it seems to crash or shut down , then boots from scratch . i 'll update my question to reflect this .
during execution , i saw system monitors , which shows only one core is being used .
nope , `./configure` , `make install` , it compiles but does n't add a `man` page , nor there are usage indications on the answer you linked or on the site , i have no idea of how to use it
switching off the firewall made no change .
i have installed all dependencies and libraries.later when i come to install ffmpeg , i have no problems with configuration and make process , but i am facing problems with checkinstall process .
just want it to be 30 gb in case if ever i have low on / .
hello eric : i downloaded xampp/lampp from sourceforge > developement > xampp . after it downloads , i try to unzip from the archive manager .
trying to manually `` startx '' results in these errors : vesa : ignoring device with a bound kernel driver ( ee ) open /dev/fb0 : no such file or directory ( ee ) screen ( s ) found , but none have a usable configuration . output of `lspci | grep -i vga` : 00:02.0 vga compatible controller : intel corporation system controller hub ( sch poulsbo ) graphics controller ( rev 07 ) i heard this error has something to do with linux kernel 3.0 and something about a kernel-based video driver ?
you guys are incredible ! sorry for not being involved , i 've been having kernel errors with my old buggy 2000. i never thought i 'd see so many comments in so little time ! thank you all ! i am indescribably grateful . while i have n't been able to try any of these yet , i plan on printing them all out and doing so asap . ( who needs food when you can have ubuntu ? ) my internet connection is really , really slow ( i got my .iso off of bittorrent in ~2h ) so net booting is not an option ) my bios has from cd ( no burner ) , floppy , and hdd . i use some proprietary netcard , so it wouldnt be recognized anyways .
the partition is media/username/data2 i have added in fstab a line uuid=0c0b1e /media/username/data2/ ntfs-3g auto , user , rw 0 0 i did n't change permissions for the directory in any way though . i understand i could have also created a directory to mount in media , for instance /media/data2/ and then changed permissions with chmod -r 777 , as suggested here : i solve by changing permissions to /data/username/data2/ then ?
i changed the theme and icons to defaults to see it fixes the problem , but did n't help .
what should i add instead ? without it system is now unusable because of screen artifacts and freezing .
hi alex thanks for response ! i did the test without running optirun , same thing happens . i 'll try to run a different version of blender , it seems that is what is causing the problem . i want to be sure the problem is not in ubuntu and video card . thanks !
i see that was unclear . i do n't know why several screenshots would be taken , in a script-like fashion , also notably around when the computer might have been rebooting .
at the moment , i 'm away from the machine , however i do know that the hosts line says , `` dns files ''
? additionnal info mount line in /etc/fstab uuid=e5fefc59-19a3-47a1-a3f4-844880ccdfcf /home/lord-ralf-adolf/oldhome ext4 defaults 0 2
`testuser is not in the sudoers file . this incident will be reported.`
mine is uefi , i put it together myself . i am not sure if i installed w7 in uefi mode . how do i find out ?
i am using 'bumblebee ' . i did n't install any of the 'primus ' packages you mentioned unless they were n't installed along with something else . synaptic pm does n't have them in his database .
tim - i was seeing this in system monitor . i installed wireshark in my vm where i can replicate the problem , but wireshark doens n't want to play ball . it says that there is no interface it can capture from which presumably is because its a virtual machine .
download done . removing outdated cached downloads ... sha256sum mismatch jdk-8u91-linux-x64.tar.gz oracle jdk 8 is not installed . dpkg : error processing package oracle-java8-installer ( -- configure ) : subprocess installed post-installation script returned error exit status 1 errors were encountered while processing : oracle-java8-installer
i did n't miss it ...
i used the legacy mbr .
i edited it in , thank you !
14.04 , nope
i mean.. there should be some standard procedure in maas for generation of custom images to be deployed on maas nodes
failed to execute operation : there 's already a shutdown or sleep operation in progress
i deleted it because i wanted to have only 1 partition ( for more space ) . i do n't know how to reinstall it now that i am stuck on grub-rescue .
i ca n't edit the post directly because it wo n't let me save it without removing the image -_- . for hardware information , i 'm running this in vmware 7.1 .
$ path says this : /usr/bin : /home/jack/local/bin : /home/jack/desktop/extract : /usr/bin curl version 7.47.1 ( newest updated version )
its preinstalled on u ubuntu 16.04 i guess
it is very similar to ( but more general than ) serg 's answer . anyway , thank you !
it 's portuguese ( portugal ) ...
where do i do that setup ? by resetting the model back to default , do you mean pressing the button to get it to factory settings ?
hi . seems to be solved with the latest kernel version . not a clue about why it happened before but it seems fixed so far .
indeed . the icon is located in the launcher
yup its in fat32
i do n't have internet connectivity
nopes.. does not work anywhere .
do you understand why a double seems so hard ? it would seem to me that the logical thing would be to build a generic system for creating encrypted storage and folders and automounting them , and then build upon that a system to do the home directory , but this software seems to have been written with a lot of things hardwired . storage has to be .private , directory must be private , etc .
i updated my question
nothing appears when i run the command . there is no output on the terminal
hi jacob , i fell asleep sorry . i did have a quick look at that output last night but i did n't see anything suggesting a space . it 's created a space between the dash and the next icon down . i can post the output after work today if it helps .
i 've added the output to the question . do you think the output is even a bit helpful ?
also tried it . but not working
i am using ubuntu12.04 . thank you for your post !
yes , when i start from the live cd , the internal is /dev/sda and external is /dev/sdb . but when i boot from the external , my bios sets the usb drive as the first disk . that 's why i installed with my internal hard drive unplugged . but even if i install ubuntu with that drive plugged in , same issue ...
not really problematic , more like undocumented 'carret-color ' , '-arrow-base ' , '-margin-horizontal ' , 'background-gradient-start ' , background-gradient-end ' , etc
thanks for the quick response ! i put in username and password and this showed up . ( see the picture ) what could i do next ? thanks for your help
it logs out completely . i have to login again.. there is black screen a few seconds with some messages i can not read because it disappears quickly and then i have to login again
edit : the usb hard drive is powered by an adapter , while the hub is self powered ; it 's a dual-boot machine , with windows xp on another partition and with win there 's no such a problem .
, yes ; it exists .
the most recent one . i used pendrivelinux.com . i know it works because just used it on my desktop .
oh you are a genius , that i can do
i am using wi fi
there is none , i deleted the echo line in the bashrc file
uuid anyway i asked on ubuntuforums also , and i got a suggestion to run grub-install instead of updating , and strangely that did the trick , the problem is solved
i hope i have the latest version of wine ... the problem is that for my friend this works without problem .
i updated question with router settings . i got them from 192.168.0.1 web interface . not sure how i can get info that you guys need . what i need to do to get info you need ?
i just got to work , i 'll give that a try when i get home , i 'll also run your script again to make sure it 's finished .
# java -version java version `` 1.7.0_25 '' java ( tm ) se runtime environment ( build 1.7.0_25-b15 ) java hotspot ( tm ) client vm ( build 23.25-b01 , mixed mode )
update : purging nvidia drivers and using nouveau works fine , but runs slow . update : it is related to nvidia optimus . turning that off in the bios fixes the issue , though i 'd like to be able to switch to my integrated graphics in the future .
how do i proceed from here ? .
actually i am trying to connect to my friends laptop..both laptops are in same network even my friend can ftp to my laptop but i cant !
32bit version in 32bit machine
i 've typed it , but i do n't see a result .
edit : also if i try to connect to the server which is on the same lan by using the domain name in `filezilla` : status : resolving address of `` domain name '' status : connecting to `` wan ip '' :21 ... status : connection attempt failed with `` econnrefused - connection refused by server '' . error : could not connect to server
it 's remmina , as written above .
no it does n't ...
that would be fine , but how would i redirect `lpr` 's output to a pdf ?
i am not exactly sure where the conflicting files came from , but i suspect they are related to my installation of [ docker-compose ] ( which i installed using `sudo pip install -u docker-compose==1.5.0rc3` [ on this page ] ( perhaps `sudo pip install` conflicts with pacman ?
added `lsusb` output . thanks
the keyboard system settings is empty in the `` custom shortcuts '' tab . i do n't see any keys in `` navigation '' that map to just function keys . `` sound and media '' has a bunch of mappings , but they do n't mention keys , just functions and i ca n't seem to remove/deactivate them . `` windows '' also do n't have plan function keys , just modified ones like alt+f7 .
yes . there is nothing before . it 's really weird to me . i edited my question and added my script so you can see what 's going on . the command works with `sudo` instead of `gksu` , and it works without `-s` ( but it wo n't do `gksu` and `-s` together .
i think it is an dns-problem the hostnames cant be resolved ...
because then you 're reducing the number of words every time you run . the more words the less this matters , but it *does* make a difference .
, yes , you follow me right . alack , as i can see , bsd version of `netstat` can not display pids .
i agree with you that working with the correct security model should be the best way but the development environment that we work in does n't have that many developers that can and know manage the files/permissions correctly .
and the last two
, my processor is 64 bit and the file is also 64 bit . so i do n't think its that issue .
yes ! is it possible using uboot ?
yes but that 's after following this [ link ] followed step 2. is this comprehensive ? or do i need more ?
how do i figure out the version of my tar ? i tried `tar -- version` but it only display the usage
doing whole disk encryption ; i 'm assuming pam_mount would work in the other order ( i login , and that triggers unlocking my home directory ? )
actually it happens there were a syntax error higher in my init.el so the linum specific commands were skipped . thanks for your help anyway ! should i delete my question ?
preferably , yes
hi @ michaelhomer , no new files except the lock file is created in that directory .
okay..i got what you are asking . we do n't have the source for second log , it is from a different module from third party .
yes , for example .
the output of that command is `default via 192.168.0.1 dev wlan0 proto static ` .
when the connection goes down there 's no `running` setting ; i ca n't connect to anything but the interface is still up .
$ echo $ shell returns `` /bin/bash ''
to change user name
the part about system console , what is that ? and why would the messages appear over the command ?
edit : when i use findmnt its shows both , but it doesnt tell me which one is the original mount point . how can i learn this ?
`man bash|grep \\.` could be a example .
it 's allowing connections to any destination host/ip , not just the one i have set an accept rule to .
`test1.sh` and `test2.sh` exist only on the main server , however , `test2.sh` contains code that connects to a database and runs some queries . the `varname` variable ( s ) will contain database connection details amongst others .
echo $ path = > /usr/local/bin : /usr/bin : /bin : /usr/sbin : /sbin : /users/sahilbabbar/.rvm/bin : /users/sahilbabbar/.rvm/scripts/bin
i add it = )
actually i did n't install openssl at all . i only removed the older version first , then when i tried to install a more recent version , it said 'nothing to do ' . apparently , the previous admin had installed 1.0.2 from src . so once i removed older version , 1.0.2 turned to be the version in use .
yeah , that nails it : `netstat -anp | grep 8080`
echo $ euid = 1000
is there a way for me to find out where it is mounted so that i can tell you ? it is a micro sdhc card in an sd card adapter in the sd card port in my laptop
if the result is `0` then , then command is true or correct any number other than `0` is invalid format .
trying to get the _launch status_ before it exits , to see if it launched successfully . for example a pdf viewer that would remain open to display while the rest of the script continues , i 'm trying to ensure that it launches successfully before moving on to the rest of the script .
it skips packages and ffmpeg does n't get installed .
thanks @ gilles . yes - the arrow keys work perfectly well , and i have no problem using c-n and c-p on the terminal to navigate through commands , moving between lines in emacs ( `-nw` ) , etc .
, i want to implement a runtime power management policy .
ofcourse , but the error persists .
i have tried that it works fine for writing the output to the file . i also want the response to be written to the same file after the output . i need help with this .
if i wanted to install a 64 bit centos i would n't have asked the question .
the average size of a file in a directory
$ { array [ $ 1 ] } not working for me . clarify ? when i 'm using $ i in $ { array [ $ i ] } echo prints blank line . when i 'm using number ( 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 ... ) $ { array [ 3 ] } it 's working .
home network . the root , swap and data hard drives are
i think you are correct , because it 's impossible to get a direct link from those sites .
i know , i looked it up and apparently i 'm trying to do what most people are trying to avoid - but over here keeping perms seems to be the default behaviour . the command is , verbatim `scp -r 20160317_* neurohost : incoming `
yes , it is . i tested it with a hdd and with a ssd . both had this problem .
i 've connected both of them to a router , please see the attached picture .
the packages i 'm trying to build are n't really cross-compile-friendly ; they assume they can build and run things using the same compiler for host and target . additionally it 's convenient to use apt tools with the same repositories to ensure that i 'm building against the same versions of libraries as will be installed on the target . but as mentioned above one of the tricks that i 'm trying to use to improve performance *is* to install the cross compiler as the `` native '' compiler inside the chroot , so it 's faster .
i need the files to get deleted every day yet it just seems to not work .
i am using mac osx mavericks
when i googled i read about inittab . i will try to use systemd . can you give me some idea how to proceed
it is a physical server . i need to do this on multiple machines ( physical servers ) and can not change the configuration to run my os on a virtualization software .
no clue about the display library , how would i find that out ? and several games like penumbra and ut .
i have comma separated file.please support further .
i 'm using ext4 , it 's the default ubuntu image off aws and i have n't done anything fancy with it .
`features enabled : d_type o_nofollow ( enabled ) leaf_optimisation fts ( ) cbo ( level=0 ) `
thanks for your quick respond . well , it seems i asked a silly question cause the program was running on the background behind all my windows and when i went back to my desktop i saw its set-up window and it shows up in the app list in the task bar . btw , is there anyway that i can launch docear using my lovely _synapse_ instead of going to its directory and double click the sh file ?
it was some tool that run in the console and let me 'maximize ' the partition . then it asked to reboot and then it did n't boot at all . yep . one of them was something like 'unknown ' and the system could not find its uuid .
this syntax fixed my problem . thanks !
-- - update : -- - running `deadbeef` in terminal i see : `loading plugin /opt/deadbeef/lib/deadbeef/cdda.so` and `** ( deadbeef:7057 ) : warning ** : error retrieving accessibility bus address : org.freedesktop.dbus.error.serviceunknown : the name org.a11y.bus was not provided by any .service files` whole output on pastebin [ here ] ( ) .
i have not tried installing this kernel yet . however , my past experience is that the name of the .deb package corresponds to the name of the kernel when using `make deb-pkg` . `make deb-pkg` comes from the debian handbook . i believe this is the modern way of building and packaging the kernel on debian systems .
it 's showing ubuntu and windows 7 and they both work properly . just do n't know how to access my freebsd : ( i updated my question with a lot more clarity too since you posted last .
the problem is with the way the server is configured . tramp does n't work , i can not use emacs locally .
are there any attributes for wired networks , like , a mac of the dhcp server , or the availability of the authentication server ? i can also use another utility instead of nm if it 's easier .
hi costas , it is quite unlikely but if there are two fck=35 , i will need both fck=35 for that line . each fck=35 should be for a specific line .
that 's what i 'm trying to find out . i asked a question here on what might cause it but nobody was able to help
this command also did not work . sort -k2,2 addresses.txt
basically the same thing , but does n't indicate anything about the ext4 partition . disk.img : x86 boot sector ; grand unified bootloader , stage1 version 0x3 , 1st sector stage2 0x3a883d7 , code offset 0x48\012-
the `` big bertha '' ibm t221 is sold on ibm ebay and yahoo ! japan at least . i got mine from the latter via a proxy site , there are ton of sites that let you bit on japanese auctions . way , way , way cheaper than on ebay .
suse linux enterprise server 11 ( x86_64 ) version = 11 patchlevel = 3
yes , the `` admin '' share works fine . the data share is not working . the owner / group for the /mnt/sdb1/share is vncuser as well .
p/s : i know it 's not a good thing , let 's just say someone from the top management who is computer illiterate want some sort of *control* over the server .
, so how can i do it ? my problem is i am using openflow to control switching traffic between the ports and current standard does not support tunnels . i was thinking if i can come up with a tap device and somehow reroute all outgoing and incoming traffic from ppp0 to this and then using this tap device as outgoing port , wo n't it work ? any other idea in this direction , all i need is an ether interface to send traffic which in turn should be fwded to ppp0 to outside and return vice versa , wo n't source nat help here ? ?
ksh is the shell am i referring to .
i updated the question with the answers to your query .
thanks all for your replies ! ! it 's centos 6.3 . `/etc/sysconfig/selinux` indicates that `selinux=disabled` . i 'm curious about `initgroups ( ) ` not starting ; i 'll look into that . and , yes , tomcat has been restarted , since adding it to the group 'work ' .
yes , i am also able to scp a file from a to c. i want to get the firewall to work however .
acctually i am running a simulation on cluster where on each time step ( t ) i calculate the concentrations ( c1 , c2 , c3 , c4 ) .so inside the main folder namedi have many subfolders presenting the time from 0.005s to 10s and inside each subfolder ( time folder ) there 4 files ( c1 , c2 , c3 , c4 ) , what i need is how to delete the files c1 , c2 , c3 and keep c4 inside each time folder
i used xhost +127.0.0.1 and it worked for a little . but after rebooting the problem came up again . and could you elaborate a little on the command to close port 6000 ?
i 'm using ssh config file in the /home/hadi/.ssh to ssh to localhost from localhost i get the following result first : channel 1 : open faild then i did allotcpforwarding and upper settings and get chanel 1016 error
updated sir .
nothing in `/var/log/messages` . where can i look otherwise ?
joel , im not up on all this for comments , the df output is too many characters to add here ? suggestion how to post df ,
thank you jasen and dk bose that just might work for me . lie ryan i often use it to hide my active windows when i leave my pc , sort of like your boss scenario , just this is for my home pc .
no : ( i continue with the workaround mentioned in the post .
-delete is available , but we have other systems where it is not available . keeping portability in mind
i thought everyone knew it ! when i try to complete the ubuntu installation after restart , the screen goes to the initramfs prompt and says `` unable to find a medium containing a live file system '' no matter what i do , it is not proceeding further .
schaller it includes /usr/local/bin : /usr/bin
actual fasta file
centos version 5.7
**edit : ** # cat /etc/redhat-release centos release 5.5 ( final ) # mail -- version mail : invalid option -- - usage : mail [ -iinv ] [ -s subject ] [ -c cc-addr ] [ -b bcc-addr ] to-addr ... [ -- sendmail-options ... ] mail [ -iinnv ] -f [ name ] mail [ -iinnv ] [ -u user ] # $ rpm -qf $ ( which mail ) mailx-8.1.1-44.2.2 granted , i 've never been able to get this to work regardless of which distro . but i 'll be happy to know how to do it on just one .
: i need list of items which cover under each category . for ex : `processor : current speed , max speed , family , manufacturer , version , no of cpu's`
i 'm quite confused at this point . script runs , all the dependencies seem to be installed correctly ( libmrss , libnxml , libcurl ) , but it 's not displaying .
based on wikipedia : runlevel 1 is a single-user mode ( in debian systems ) , ... if i am the only user that runs the services , than the server rejects any other user connection , is this so ?
i seem to have nautilus 3.10.1
my root passwords are very long auto generated hash strings . i do n't make my user account passwords as complex . also , at least two of my servers have multiple users in our team whom are able to log in and i do n't want to give everyone the root account . even though these are dev\testing servers they could potentially cause me hours and hours of work fixing something if they mess it up . i use the white list feature of sudo so that these users do n't have completely unfettered access . if that is the only alternative then they 'll just need to keep entering a second password .
i am fairly certain that in both putty and screen i am using single stop bit . any idea on how i could investigate this as a potential cause of issue ?
i wanted to make the command to stop all together instead of letting it to `` sail through '' just so that i will be constantly reminded of not to use `ftp`
it is ubuntu 9.04 server , 2.6.28.18. has grub v 0.97
maximum simultaneous connections . however it is only available in some implementations of netcat program ( it 's called `ncat` i believe ) . default ubuntu one does not have this , i had to install `nmap` for this purpose .
i am using kali linux ( kali-linux-2016.1-amd64.iso ) but how is that relevant since metasploitable2 is it 's own virtual machine ?
added an example
( so i do n't have a `` network manager '' to simply select the given ssid , then enter passphare : d ) update : wifi card : atheros ar5424 , i can see it as `` ath0 ''
thanks for correction its 3r .
-- -- errors when trying `make menuconfig` root @ 001 : /linux-4.1.26 # hostcc scripts/kconfig/mconf.o in file included from scripts/kconfig/mconf.c:23:0 : scripts/kconfig/lxdialog/dialog.h:38:20 : fatal error : curses.h : no such file or directory # include curses_loc ^ compilation terminated . scripts/makefile.host:108 : recipe for target 'scripts/kconfig/mconf.o ' failed make [ 1 ] : *** [ scripts/kconfig/mconf.o ] error 1 makefile:541 : recipe for target 'menuconfig ' failed make : *** [ menuconfig ] error 2
i rectified that . thank you
i believe `sudo` , because the program just needs to download a file into a system directory .
28 th february as it is the last day of the month and the 31st of may is the last day of the month this was a good question
exactly . just want to access the remoteapp even when not connected to any ethernet or wifi .
when i do that with awk , i got the 141 exit code , sigpipe . i just want to bypasee this error ...
according to `df -t` : ext4
install.5/16 i am trying to update the intel chipset driver on windows 10 , but it never seems to
how are you defining `` simultaneously '' ? if you mean swapping the functionality of the left and right home keys , then yes . i 've also tried `nnoremap` , but that does n't work . the best solution so far for me has been to use `d` and `f` for up and down , and `h` and `l` for left and right .
sorry , i should 've mentioned it earlier ... i 'm using ubuntu 11.04
, would you please see the added part of my questions ? for faheem , i did try to install the tortoisehg . however , i encountered problem as [ here ] ( if you have any surggestion , please let me know . thanks .
yes , multiple times to no avail .
the printer is a lexmark ms711dn & currently this is the only machine i am unable to print too .
in `/etc/udev/rules.d` both the script and the rule where made by root . id returns root
ok so is looking for the file libc.so.6 in the ld_library_path . thanks !
should have the records for items ( see the first column item value ) ending with 2
find in my case here is a binary executable . is that what you mean ?
thanks for the tip on clearing the caches but unfortunately it made no difference to the problem . strangely the problem did n't seem to manifest on a small ( 300mb ) ramdisk created using tmpfs ( the same as /dev/shm ) .
i 've updated the question , yet it is listening on *
no , i meant root directory . see man
**edit** ntfsinfo -m /dev/sdg1 volume is scheduled for check . please boot into windows twice , or use the 'force ' option . note : if you had not scheduled check and last time accessed this volume using ntfsmount and shutdown system properly , then init scripts in your distribution are broken . please report to your distribution developers ( not to us ! ) that init scripts kill ntfsmount or mount.ntfs-fuse during shutdown instead of proper umount . failed to open '/dev/sdg1 ' .
i need to to have list of files which have not been access for x days and calculate on a sub directory basis the size these files take .
yes , it is . i even tried giving the script public execution permissions , just in case , but nope , still the same old nothingness .
a latex document is preprocessed to pdf . you can not modify it after that .
still.. nothing..
yes , i can . but the other computer runs windows and i have no idea about where can i get the deb
nothing . for example files are like this : `a` , `a.txt` , `b` , `b.txt` ...
: i found a `` solution '' [ here ] ( however apt does n't know the arts package . any idea how to install it ?
freebsd provides nfsstat but does not provide the -m switch
the system is en-us and the application is in chinese .
i did use the -s option while using useradd , to use bash instead of sh , and it was failing . i was not aware of adduser being a replacement for useradd .
- i can access `tftpd` from os x but want to allow access from another machine on the network . i have looked at setting up an additional network interface in virtualbox in bridged mode but it will expose all ports instead of just the single port that i 'd like to expose , which then will require some sort of a firewall or at least changing the default password on `boot2docker` as this is n't ( arguably ) the way it was designed to be used . also i 'd like like to know how to be able to mirror / port forward udp on os x , because i think that socat command will work with most linux distros .
it 's a gentoo based sabayon
, good point , but i even can not get echoing .
md5 of `/proc/partitions` does n't ever change . adding `-t ext4` causes the error text to change to `wrong fs type , bad option , bad superblock on /dev/loop0` .
it seems as if nothing at all happens when i press ctrl-s. other keyboard shortcuts work , just not this one .
no . at least i do n't think so . i just want to maintain a handful of aliases and scripts . preferably in a simple way .
i am not doing that , i understand ./ means current path . `bacc` is not getting executed at the very first place ! this is something super weird .
i put the full command . i 'm grepping through a backbonejs code base and looking for the phrase `` *.extends '' to find parent classes
chazelas : thanks , `brctl showmacs br0` did the trick . is it reliable ? will it show learned mac adresses even if devicey has n't yet received any data , except some communication with the router to retrieve dhcp lease ? if it is reliable , you can add your suggestion as an answer , so i can accept it . it would also be great to have some way to find out also ip for each of the macs i find with `showmacs` , but that would be another question .
it 's not optimal to have to sudo . i assume you mean sudo-ing everytime shift is pressed ? could you elaborate what you have in mind ?
using `chown root : users cpptest` ?
i had n't thought to ( the last time i read an `info` page was at least three years ago ) , but on running it i got `` vdir is equivalent to ls -l -b ; that is , by default files are listed in long format and special characters are represented by backslash escape sequences . '' still does n't explain the reasoning behind having it . in fact , that explanation appears to argue against having it , since it is functionally equivalent to an existing app , yet it 's an additional `118280` bytes .
ps : i just tried in the $ git_dir , to which the user has write privileges too , and also permission denied , but this time not on the directory creation , but on the file creation the next line .
thanks @ gilles . besides references to `.zshenv` , do you know what else is potentially missing ?
os is centos .
i want to know is this software working in rhel .
simple `mv /branch2/media/* /branch1/media/`
the things is i am downloaded the source code and compile and run that application when i run that application on qt framework it will give me this error . what happen to install bitcoin-qt its just an application , i am learning flow and programming of that .
besides mouse there is ethernet cable and battery charger connnected
still `find -name ' '' *.log '' '` .
one of the developers wants the logs outputed like that . i would n't mind if the output is in the /var/log/sa if i can name them to something else ( eg.sar*dd ) , but for some reason he wants them in the other directory
`super user` wo n't be logged into the system . its just a pc and not a computer where multiple users can login .
h thank you , i forgot about export after assigment .
it 's a one-time occurrence . but thank you for the suggestion . it 's a very good way to investigate the problem .
yep @ blissini i did
in the hdio summary document , it is said that the object of `` struct hd_geometry '' is passed as an argument to a `` ioctl '' call and it will contain the `` number of sectors '' . however , `hdio_get_identity` returns an unsigned char array . but from [ this so question ] [ 2 ] , i hope that `struct hd_driveid` contains the bytes per sector and other info . and i read somewhere that `hd_driveid` can be passed as an argument to `ioctl` if `hdio_get_idntity` is used in the call . i need a clarification for all these doubts.. also
no from each other
that was indeed the fix ! thanks : )
missing where ?
yes it is loaded
english : and yes , i read the error , but i 'm new to this , so it would be kind if you 'd explain what 's the matter and tell me how to fix it ...
an xfs filesystem on a
i 'm not sure , but all my commands work that ay whereas with @ :2 it tries to execute the message at the beginning as well . called as `exe `` run apt-get update '' apt-get update` .
next to the text
no its not , if it was would n't it run the whole thing again ?
it is ext4 .
no update recently
lsblk -a sees sr0 ( cdrom ) , sda ( sda1 , sda2 , sda5 ) = my old disk , and loop0 to loop7 of loop type . blkid gives /dev/sda1 ext3 and /dev/sda5 swap and nothing else . all commands based on the device name ( /dev/sdax ) could not work if the bios has n't detected them .
, yes i have passed initramfs to the kernel during configuration before building .
i started job by doing `perl some_script.pl` .
i only get the following running sensors : root @ debian : / # sensors acpitz-virtual-0 adapter : virtual device temp1 : +27.8c ( crit = +99.0c ) temp2 : +29.8c ( crit = +99.0c )
same behavior : it works with console logon , but not with su command
i could n't try it . strange for me , i tried i got an error that makes wlan0 device unavailable . i restarted the network system and still the same . i rebooted the system and at the network step same wlan0 not available message . after reboot i have unplugged the wi-fi stick and plug it again . restarted the network system ... and it works : s
oops that really was a typo ! i had done only sudo passwd root ...
i do n't know , i moved to mac late last year .
the first 16 sorry
kali-linux-1.1.0a-i 386-mini
good point . i added my os . i have only really noticed this on fedora ( i used to use ubuntu ) , but i thought that was because they did n't add a lot of convenience setup .
sorry , it seems i 'm not allowed to edit my own posts ... i have n't traceroute , only traceroute6 but i 'm not able to use it
i edited my post to answer your question .
your proposal is the best . i 'll mark this solved .
i am using an `if then` .
yeah , i do n't need high fidelity or anything . think of getting a quick preview or to index it for searching .
faheem . yes , the ~/.gscan2pdf file definitely contains the paper size = a4 . it 's actually v 1.2.3 of gscan2pdf i 'm using ( that was the one that ubuntu installed from the package manager when i did an apt-get ... )
unfortunately eth0 is not an option , it must be the belkin adapter . unless there is absolutely no other solution .
nor my mac
thanks for the chsh explanation . running just chsh asks for my password and displays the default shell , which is /bin/bash . typing `` foo '' gives me a list of suggestions { fio , fop , xoo , goo , ... }
i need to add central server 's public key hence local server . sorry for the confusion .
to grep a text recursively on busybox 1.0 ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texthow
at the command prompt
instead of the
[ 1 ] : edit : in ubuntu 13.04 , when i configure 802.1x security setting and plug the ethernet cable from 802.1x switch then i get the network through networkmanager . now , if i remove this cable and connect another normal cable then i do not get any network . how networkmanager manages this ?
no , i did n't press anything .
tftp in busybox in binary mode by default .
sure , i remember all of them behave such as same ... ...
do i need to configure 1 ) /etc/default/grub ; or 2 ) /boot/grub/grub.cfg to make the above changes ?
the files are on the `http` servers mostly ; but could be on the `ftp` servers . if it is possible to download them via other protocols ; there is no reason not too .
this is only my assumptions , but images are never older than 1-3 months .
see edit above .
i 'm okay using any free solution . how will zfs sync between two physical machines ? = )
for the beginning http traffic will do.the proxy i have is a socks5 proxy and i preffer to remain this way .
/a/ , '' b '' , $ 5 ) ; print ; } ' atom 1 n gly
the script is called `_aura` , but `echo $ _comps [ aura ] ` returns an empty string .
what would cause this behavior ? note : my vps setup : after the server was initialized new on the vps , i set up key based encryption , battened down sudo a little , moved sshd to a different port . i set up my .bashrc to start tmux . nothing special . the server has been running for a few weeks doing not much of anything . before i moved sshd , i got quite a few connections ( none supposedly successful ) , but after nothing but my own logins . and then the event in the question happened .
mine ... i 've edited it to remove it
the target machine in hp nc6400 laptop with standard hardware . and i want minimum possible configuration to boot . i have already shrunk the kernel image to 2mb i just have to bring it down below 950kb .
, but there is no windows anymore , so seems like i installed ubunto on what was `c` drive in windows . @ celeo , @ mateo i ca n't really remember what i chose . it was something default : )
yes sorry..elsif was a typo
well , i 'm mostly surprised by the change . i do n't really care what f-key i have to use ( that is needed only after i break graphics driver etc ) . i assumed the tty7 is sort of a convention or a default x setting or something , so i 'm wondering why arch is different .
i can only figure how to detect if the windows is focused , and it will not be focused most of the time .
some up to a few hundred , but the root of the drive has 4 files and 2 directories or something like that , should n't take this long
edit i should add that i do not have administrator access of any sort to the remote system . i 've confirmed via an administrator that the permissions are also correct viewing as root , but they are also completely at a loss for what the problem might be .
i am not sure about the mail server but i use unix .
i am using hdmi .
: i do n't think so , here is /etc/iptables.rules file loaded via rc.local : [
my goal is to find base characters without accents , yes . i want to get rid of accents .
added few lines in the system-auth file but nothinghappens .
more info added .
on centos 6.3
i presed ctr+alt+f1 and logged in there . it does n't work there either . oh a whim i opened up keyboard settings and created a hotkey to see what it was reporting . oddly it 's reporting `xf86suspend`
i have no files with `/etc/default/rc*`
. ( **note : ** this is n't the exact output , i just shortened it by stripping out unnecessary details . lines that are my input into the shell begin with ` > ` . )
# # # update # 1 here 's the output from `ifconfig` . & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; ! [ ss of ifconfig output ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
yes i have an `/etc/mtab` . after the initial mount the entry says the mount is rw and after the remount it says ro , so it is reporting the state of the mount correctly . it is just the mount command that fails .
i added the full command and their result here
rolled my own , using the latest kernel for kernel.org , yes usb support is present
, i guess that it is bash . i 'm using lubuntu .
depends on the situation ? i work at a webhost ... it really depends on the `mv` and whether we care about preservation in the case of ... and whether we 've already made a backup . this question is fairly open . i 'm just looking for good options , and maybe a comment about whether or not it can bite you and how .
thanks christopher . it solved my problem . i had an `.htaccess` file which was overriding my apache configurations .
unfortunately we 've had other issues that have kept us from working on this . i will update as soon as i can . i was also out of town for the last 4 days .
**update : ** this occurs across applications . in intellij ide , in the terminal . **update : ** it also happens when i type `=2`
thank you , it looks like exactly what i was looking for . i 'll make some search and get it running .
yes , it 's worth it . dealing with a lot of files here , and a flat chmod/chown -r takes significantly longer -- like the better part of a day . i do n't know why . maybe find only has to stat each file once for all 4 conditions when combining them this way . but it 's certainly a lot faster on the filesystem we 're using .
if you go into the nvidia-settings , it gives you an option to do so . i thought it might be easier to send audio outputs from each x session to different hardware . it is difficult in kde to have each session run programmes . for example , firefox refuses to run on multiple x-servers ( at least using the same profile ) . when i attempt to shut down on session 1 , session 0 loads the shutdown menu . it means that when i drag to the corners of the screen , it does the auto-resize thing . i can not drag applications between sessions . but the mouse can go between .
- the ones in `/etc/nginx` and also the ones in `/usr/share/nginx` but i have since moved the files in the latter directory to another location .
i did n't specify specific packages because wo n't i run into dependency issues doing that ? and i figured that 's what i was seeing but is there any way to prevent that ?
yeah that 's what i did awhile ago , thanks for commenting though : d
python `sys.path` list is also identical .
thanks for the answers guys . i think i 'll stick with sshfs when outside home , but nfs when i 'm in the lan .
for fname in $ ( find . -type f ) do van= $ ( echo $ ( basename $ fname ) | grep ' : pear : ' | wc -l ) if [ $ van -eq 1 ] ; then newname= $ ( echo $ fname | perl -p -e 's/ : pear : //g ' ) if [ -e $ newname ] ; then rm -f $ newname echo `` deleted file $ newname '' fi mv $ fname $ newname echo `` renamed file $ fname to $ newname '' fi done
i do n't know what fs signifies in this context , so i 'm going to go with no ... i 'm new to this .
yep - added to the question .
yes , exactly . and also the last modification date should be the same . it still allows you to move the file . however keep in mind that the subdirectories i am cleaning do have sub-subdirectories . i only sweeping out the 2nd level of the `data/` directory tree , see the `-mindepth 2 -maxdepth 2` flags i am passing to `find` .
, i am using an airport extreme to distribute the dhcp addresses . i had the same idea and checked the settings but found no relevant options .
here is the output of `lspci | grep vga` command `00:02.0 vga compatible controller : intel corporation ivy bridge graphics controller ( rev 09 ) `
i set $ ip outside of the config . i have multiple configs that will be referencing $ ip from the global environment . i 've never setup config files in linux before where they reference an outside variable . if i echo $ ip it will show me the content inside $ ip however since i got the environment variable working . i 'm not sure if the bind program or other programs that i have the $ ip variable inside of , can read variables like a bash script does ?
yes that 's the problem statement . the values will be different of the common key 's in both the files . so i want that from the first file .
i 'd say ls style `` directory size ''
at the moment no language ? ! a dic file is a static , non interpreted file so how can i use a language ? did i overlook something ?
yes , i run these commands as a `root` user and files/directories in the `chroot` dir are owned by the `root` user .
negative , @ sedav . my `/etc/wvdial.conf` has no reference to `check def route` . i have edited original post to add it .
it 's just one simple android app , coded in java .
running it on a kernel from testing , not sid .
do i just add it to the guest machine ( and restart ? ) ?
day older than today . is n't that mtime +1 does ? or did i get that wrong ?
i understand the concerns mentioned , but the objective remains . @ mark plotnick : thank you for offering a solution that addresses the obvious security concerns . any additional advise is welcome .
`run -t 0` is how you run a command in tmux.conf . i 'm just looking for away to run that command with `screenfetch` , and send it to the terminal correctly .
it 's the default gtk2 theme when there is no theme .
interesting , that i did n't know , i have used top and htop and they are useful , but for my current objective i have a created a script that uses prstat and various other stat commands to log specified system behavior and augmenting the script would be very difficult at this stage . i have also noticed that there is a package for ubuntu : not quite sure how to install it..
eh . that 's probably a good idea . i actually did format sda3 from a live install enviornment . i then copied ( cp -rp ) the contents of sdb3 over . could n't boot .
no . all ip addresses are unique .
the lines in my file do not contain wildcards .
its mount point and failed to boot . how could be accomplished to fix
, in place to create then under /
afaik for example : openvms used 4 rings . and imho the more rings are used the more secure the os could be , - > kiss principle .
at the moment i 'm using bash ( i 'm at work ) but on my own laptop i use zsh . i was expecting brace expansion to work identically in both , but perhaps that 's not the case .
: the process source is not with me , but i think i read `` shared memory '' somewhere in the documentation .
. how can i do this
this assumes that the fs-cache error is due to the bad nfs mount , and that might be a poor assumption .
i originally did n't know how to merge `sh` and `source` .
i am checking if there are 3rd party solutions , kernel audit system is good but not very flexible , audit system rules called file watches do n't support regular expressions and directory watches always recursively checks the sub-directories .
i am using archlinux but laptop-mode-tools has the same configuration text files in every distribution you install it , you can open them all by opening with an editor : /etc/laptop-mode/conf.d/*
, the server time is in bst .
possibly . i will scour through the `libreoffice` documentation . fyi , i also tried `pyexcelerator` , hoping that it might convert locked worksheets into `.csv` , but it did n't work .
more security . system only allows ssh private key login .
i considered that too , but there 's plenty of space ( terabytes ) available .
uuid can be like mine too , in fact `blkid` shows : `/dev/sda1 : label= '' pileofpi '' uuid= '' 4e1aea7b1aea6007 '' type= '' ntfs '' ` anyway i tried to replace `uuid= ... ` with simply `/dev/sda1` , nothing changes .
never used the smart utility..reading the man page for smartd.conf to figure it out..we do tape and usb hard drive backups so not worried about failures ...
yes it is like i posted here . on my computers i traditionally alias `` ... '' to `sudo -s` here i forgot to do so , this is how i discovered it .
yes , apache web server , i 've added an exception and now it 's logged to the page with https but seems there 's work to do with certificates and apache httpd.conf
edit : running `mount` shows me : `rootfs on / type rootfs ( rw ) /dev/root on / type squashfs ( ro , relatime ) proc on /proc type proc ( rw , relatime ) sysfs on /sys type sysfs ( rw , relatime ) debugfs on /sys/kernel/debug type debugfs ( rw , relatime ) ramfs on /tmp type ramfs ( rw , relatime ) none on /dev type tmpfs ( rw , relatime , size=512k ) devpts on /dev/pts type devpts ( rw , relatime , mode=600 ) `
ideally html/css and php
or is there some limitation and windows always needs to be installed on first harddrive ? ( even in 2016 ) solution : menuentry 'windows 7 cust ' -- class windows -- class os $ menuentry_id_option 'osprober-chain-9c567f24567efe78 ' { insmod part_msdos insmod ntfs set root='hd1 , msdos1' if [ x $ feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no-floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root -- hint-bios=hd1 , msdos1 -- hint-efi=hd1 , msdos1 -- hint-baremetal=ahci1 , msdos1 9c567f24567efe78 else search -- no-floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root 9c567f24567efe78 fi # # # parttool $ { root } hidden- drivemap -s ( hd0 ) $ { root } # # # intern disk swap chainloader +1 }
- not formally no , i did however remove some of the putty specific headers . how would i officially convert ?
ok , i tail'ed the 'syslog ' file . please see the update .
yes and/or why was it decided not to include such functionality .
ignacio , thanks , i tried both , harry
i have the info you wanted . please help !
thank you ! i 've updated the visudo line to `fooemployees all = ( all ) nopasswd : foocommands` . running `/root/bin/fix-permissions` still comments that permission is denied , but running `sudo /root/bin/fix-permissions` actually works .
well the kickstart file actually is written in python since its an interactive menu that then generates a kickstart file . its also on github , is it ok if i like you to that ?
sorry @ ott i forgot to mention that i removed the kernel 3.10 and made 3.9.2 default .
/boot/grub/grub.cfg ? it 's an autogenerated file , it think it 's not what you need , is n't it ? i 've been looking for the clasical menu.lst but i ca n't find it
what i meant is i wanted to generate the file looks as above .
fixed , thanks for catching my retyping error .
unfortunately not , it 's my company 's hardware .
log_date will have values like 20072016,19072016,18072016. now i want to make these dates into particular format
. : no.the same condition for all lines of the file.but the file 's contents are changing constantly and are a lot so i need to search for these contents.but the condition `x` would be the same for all lines
, it is set automatically .
i 'm using `bash` . thank you for your time !
hi let_me_be , there 's only a file */etc/init.d/alsa-utils* .
i 've tried the following commands , none of them return the right number : `` ` grep -c $ '\r\n ' file grep -c $ '' \r\n '' file grep -c '\r\n ' file grep -c `` \r\n '' file `` `
short answer : i 'm a small business owner and i have a lot of code and custom apps on my servers written specifically for 11.1 that i dont have the man hours to change . i see your point in updating however i 'd like to try and find a solution 1st .
a few kilobytes .
the outcome should be the list of the following entries : y1998 : jf-1998 jfe-1998 rfs-1998 jbf-1998 jfi-1998 jmcb-1998 y1999 : jf-1999 jfe-1999 rfs-1999 jbf-1999 jfi-1999 jmcb-1999 ... y2011 : jf-2011 jfe-2011 rfs-2011 jbf-2011 jfi-2011 jmcb-2011 i do n't need to print them , just use them in a loop as well as pass them as arguments . because of the second , `eval` in the loop is not sufficient .
yes , they 're longer than one character . assume that both the match and replacement strings are arbitrary strings .
update : on the remote host , i have an authorized_keys2 file that contains something like this : ssh-rsajumpbox_user @ jumpbox ssh-rsajumpbox_user @ mydesktop
i used software manager . on other machines all works fine .
: nope . should there be ?
no , i already said that . it interprets it as a literal `\n` . same thing with `-e` if that would change anything .
new to ubuntu . looking for good desktop picture-installed something called `` cairo '' or maybe `` cairo desktop '' . after the install i got two new icons - cairo and cairo-dock . did n't like and tried to uninstall . had trouble and eventually ran `` purge '' in terminal- do n't have details . i 've still got `` cairo dock '' , it did n't go away . now get `` desktop manager inactive '' when i try other packages .
: does n't work with newlines in filenames .
[ sudo ] password for [ myusername ] :
thanks . changed from `` default=0 '' to `` default=1 '' and rebooted . now the kernel in use has changed to the latest installed one .
yep , serial to usb adapter .
yes , it seems so . please note my update ... maybe i'v created a great mess : )
edit : the version of openssh is differ on both machine , one is 6.1p1-6 , others was 6.2p1-1
well , the server is within our local network but not in my access . i 'm just trying to figure out a rest-api which lacks on documentation . there is a program which shows data based on post-requests and i want to receive this data without having to use the program but using post-requests instead
unfortunately not , to add to the complications it 's all at a remote site with no additional hardware other than the already running environment and the host to run the branded zones - plus no bandwidth to bring the flar back to another location . otherwise that is exactly what i would have done .
**gftp** - the temporary file it creates has an arbitrary name - so you ca n't tell what tab is what - requires a close of vim to update remote server ( inane )
i ca n't find smbfs package in centos7 but cifs-utils , my client had already install cifs-utils
maybe i 'm going about this the wrong way ... .maybe i can kick top off before i open my program ( quake2 , custom build ) thanks for the ideas though
probably , but on linux i can scroll or run vim in console with 10000 lines of output , it reset the screen , very nice , how to do same thing on hpux ? is 100 % a vim settings .
i do n't know how to realize this oneliner . could you give me an idea , please ?
my mistake , i copied wrong .
no , it 's just an application which i start as user , and then it starts some daemons as root via the setuid bit . it does not add a kernel module .
uk ( set in /etc/conf.d/keymaps ) . in x11 uk + some customization . i use gnome-terminal .
format it using the date formatting parameters . for example , perhaps in the format i gave as the example - `10:01 am july 13 , 2016`
the thing is that the keyboard really is n't setup the way i would want to have it .
: ok , i did it . what am i supposed to look at now ? and i do n't have network-manager installed .
ctrl + alt + t open runs gnome terminal . where i go to open terminal it open the same , wheter from menu or i go to applications file , it only look right when i open terminal and put in `` bicon '' or i go to /usr/bin and open bicon from there saying run in terminal .
it says : **-rw -- -- -- - 1 asaaki asaaki 8380 apr 8 18:16 test** . `` asaaki '' is the user , me . but this is after i 've already run : **sudo chmod -x test** and **sudo chmod 755 test** .
i do n't have that command on my system .
a java program that is running as a daemon started with upstart is running the shell script process
no . i mean block it from other arbitrary processes that decide to connect to it .
fyi - i 'm able to connect to the remote server using x-win32 ssh , from my windows 7 machine ( and i do not run this at the same time as filezilla ) : sunos server.edu 5.10 generic_120011-14 sun4v sparc sunw , sparc-enterprise-t5220 system type is sun4v with 65408 mb of memory . server.edu ( 1 ) :
examples of the commands i have used that result in the errors : scp -r /users/matt/documents matt @ 192.168.1.202 : /media/matt/mattsbackups/ /usr/local/bin/rsync -av -e ssh /users/matt/documents matt @ 192.168.1.202 : /media/matt/mattsbackups/
see my question updated with info . the target is mini210s cortex-a8 ... i figured that cortex-a8 may matter since i had used the flag `-mtune=cortex-8` for cross-compiling other tools before ... and i have n't done this kind of tuning for chromium x-compiling ( ? ) . i am totally a newbie on this one .
as per @ markplotnick 's suggestion , i tried the following , but got a different error : [ root @ localhost kernels ] # /etc/init.d/vboxdrv setup -bash : /etc/init.d/vboxdrv : no such file or directory [ root @ localhost kernels ] # -i /etc/init.d/vboxdrv setup -bash : -i : command not found [ root @ localhost kernels ] # cd /etc/init.d [ root @ localhost init.d ] # ls -al total 40 drwxr-xr-x . 2 root root 4096 oct 2 12:32 . drwxr-xr-x . 10 root root 4096 oct 2 12:32 .. -rw-r -- r -- . 1 root root 13430 jan 15 2015 functions -rwxr-xr-x . 1 root root 2989 jan 15 2015 netconsole -rwxr-xr-x . 1 root root 6470 jan 15 2015 network -rw-r -- r -- . 1 root root 1160 sep 15 06:21 readme [ root @ localhost init.d ] #
oh the test prints the content over like 15 minutes , by characters . i have no idea how grep is implemented , but i guess it ca n't really do much once the characters are printed .
i 'm using *gnu bash 4.1.5* ... more specifically : *gnu bash , version 4.1.5 ( 1 ) -release ( i486-pc-linux-gnu ) on ubuntu 10.04.4 lts lucid ... linux 2.6.32-38-generic-pae gnu/linux*
the /bin directory with -r option ... both
what is the equivalent `cal -3` in os x ?
i mean running processes .
to check if it actually ran , i added something like `touch /tmp/check` in it , in different places , and it runs . i guess that udev takes care of the output .
i did this filter /page visitors `cat access.log | grep /page1 > /tmp/res.txt` and ` # take the ip portion of record cat res.txt | grep '^ [ [ : alnum : ] ] *\. [ [ : alnum : ] ] *\. [ [ : alnum : ] ] *\ . [ [ : alnum : ] ] * ' -o > result.txt`
cron is disabled for the system
edit : tested with xfce instead of cinnamon and it does n't show the same issue . my laptop has a nvidia gm108m and an intel broadwell-u integrated graphics card , if it helps .
how do i enable that port then ? i set tls and ssl in vsftpd to on . oh , and i took a screenshot since i have no way to copy the text . i was using ssh , and that 's on a vm .
oracle requires xwindows and we have unix machine with a graphics adapter available as resource for this in a remote site . to avoid going to remote site just to run xhost + after each restart of the system , for this reason we are looking for a way to have xhost running after each reboot .
thats the name of the rscript .
-rw-r -- r -- ( this was the issue ) -thank you
pdftk , gs , python , ... ?
i expanded on that in the question as requested . now removing previous comments for tidiness .
let 's move to chat as soon as we overflow the comments , ok ? i mean that debian manuals are very thorough on peculiarities of working systems , but functioning of the installer is omitted . e.g . i do n't understand , why some packages , installed by it are marked `automatic` and some are not .
default manager does n't find any ssid . i think there is a problem with my network card . however i am just curios about installing wicd on slackware .
yes , i have access to root for the purpose of setting things up .
sorry for delayed answer . my sensors works well . i am using `sensors` command and get the temperatures correct . and all of them is working . about the driver , i search and find that driver . but is there a problem with using discrete gpu . my laptop has a intel gpu onboard and nvidia with optimus technology . ( when laptop is idle it gets hot too , so i think this is not about gpu ) .
while that 's true , btrfs has been around for some years , and it 's expected to be somewhat stable at this stage . it may still be useful to understand if this is a bug or a 'feature ' , at this point .
yes , every time i make a change to `.xresources` .
that does n't do what want .
can not get a player embedded in my webpage to play it because rtmp link does n't work
i have installed python2.7 & python2.7-dev for the meantime .
i thought about that , the request headers seem nominal . the only thing i was thinking is that something is missing to trigger the cookie from the login page load of tokenid . i 'm trying to get from loading that first login page . `` accept text/html , application/xhtml+xml , application/xml ; q=0.9 , */* ; q=0.8 accept-encoding gzip , deflate , br accept-language en-us , en ; q=0.5 connection keep-alive cookie username=emaill % 40gmail.com host user.meshare.com user-agent mozilla/5.0 ( windows nt 10.0 ; wow64 ; rv:45.0 ) gecko/20100101 firefox/45.0 ''
basically i m calling within my awk script .
i agree with you and think that the question should be open until everything is resolved . however i just got several times the advice to work on my accepting rate ... since then i try to accept faster and also answers which do not solve the problem in every detail
ideally by name . ip subnet might also work .
my alsa-base.conf was already set to this ( i believe from an earlier attempt on the problem ) . added the suggested iinformatoin to the question .
i 'll remember that . : )
so i do n't have a -a ( i 'm using os lion if that matters ) , but presume -evt ought to do the same thing :
thats the source file name
updated to obviously explain the output of `hostname` : `192.168.2.13`
does n't matter but the more output a command has the earlier it breaks . for example with `` ps aux `` it does break earlier . for the syslog i will post later .
i mean i have to produce the number of files in filesytem ( excluding directories ) , /bin , /usr like that which is having the file size > 100kb
i use passphrase for symmetric encription
nothing - still the same effect
sorry , i 'm not sure i understand . i have not added in any routes using iptables .
feature request at
yes , it needed to be a recursive count .
- yes , the services are starting fine ( at least `lvmetad` is - i have n't noticed any others ) .
/etc/selinux/targeted/contexts/files/file_contexts file does n't have entry for path . i am pretty new to selinux . not sure what to edit there .
schools in hungary receive windows xp/7 licenses for all computers - basically we have to apply for computers through a governmental program , and win comes pre-installed . not so with the servers - we still need one win7 install ( which will be in vm on the new server ) to handle some hardware license keys , but that 's it . windows domain is required for all the devices hardwired in the network , as all workstations are licensed windows computers .
how do you mean run that ? if i just run that as is , i get an error back : `dynamic linker : /usr/local/bin/bash : could not open /usr/lib/libthread.so.1 killed`
modprobe : error : ../libkmod/libkmod-module.c:180 kmod_module_parse_depline ( ) ctx=0x55a9457b8010 path=/lib/modules/4.2.0-25-generic/updates/drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/ath10k_core.ko error=no such file or directory modprobe : error : ../libkmod/libkmod-module.c:180 kmod_module_parse_depline ( ) ctx=0x55a9457b8010 path=/lib/modules/4.2.0-25-generic/updates/drivers/net/wireless/ath/ath10k/ath10k_core.ko error=no such file or directory modprobe : error : could not insert 'ath10k_pci ' : unknown symbol in module , or unknown parameter ( see dmesg )
i am talking about storage . the required amount of storage for openbsd is 250 mb , but i want to select only the packages i want , e.g . only networking and http stuff .
please see my screenshot links . [ hpacucli ctl all show config ] ( [ hpacucli ctl all show detail ] ( [ hpacucli ctl all show status ] (
hw is hp proliant , i used their util to check raid status normal smart tools do not work , and i used memtest to check memory . i am having this problem for several months , and its never the same server .
**note : ** quotas are not enabled on our filesystem .
because this is a school exercise and i 'm still trying to figure out how to do things . otherwise echoing them right away does make sense .
i got the following message when creating a virtual machine in virt-manager : error launching manager : 'nonetype ' object has no attribute 'get_default_storage_format' traceback ( most recent call last ) : file `` /usr/share/virt-manager/virtmanager/engine.py '' , line 889 , in _do_show_create self._get_create_dialog ( ) .show ( src.topwin , uri ) file `` /usr/share/virt-manager/virtmanager/create.py '' , line 170 , in show self.reset_state ( uri ) file `` /usr/share/virt-manager/virtmanager/create.py '' , line 393 , in reset_state self.addstorage.reset_state ( ) file `` /usr/share/virt-manager/virtmanager/addstorage.py '' , line 196 , in reset_state fmt = self.conn.get_default_storage_format ( ) attributeerror : 'nonetype ' object has no attribute 'get_default_storage_format '
bellow your question .
- the script will run for hours and will generate many gigabytes of output . i want to ( every so often ) check the size of the redirect file and restart the script with redirection to a different file if ( when ) it gets larger than some size ( the script is written so that it can be stopped and restarted , and it will resume where it was before it was stopped ) .
( this only happens with directories right under ` $ backup_mntpoint/ $ user_home` ) .
i 'm on ubuntu , and there 's no pid randomization that i 'm aware of . anyhow , this would not explain why it works as expected from within a script ?
we want to avoid using a giant size which may or may not be larger than the largest image ever produced .
you are completely right ! the input file had a name `plaa -- -- plaa.pdf` and some had ` -- -plaa -- -plaa.pdf` . please , make your comment an answer so i accept it . how can one include such file names easily ?
i added sample format on my post . it 's just a single ulr in each row
yes i have tried both commands : the first showed like above , the second one failed to install samba too
i wanted to keep the original question simple . i have a bash/zsh script that generates strings of random characters using /dev/random and after playing a bit i am left without entropy in the pool : /dev/random blocks . i had been told on irc that it 's `` bad '' to have no entropy left there , but i do n't know the reason ( s ) .
well i used to got raspbian within . i think one fat and one ext4 ?
it 's dell studio 1555. i do n't need any workarounds , i want to fix this problem : ) . if someone 's interested how display looks after freeze : [ 1 ] rectangles are blurring and moving .
-- -- # # [ edit ] requested information # # output of `echo $ term ; echo $ display` : xterm :0.0 -- -- > are you running this from a terminal emulator , if so which , if not where ? im not sure what a `` terminal emulator '' is , but the *terminal thing* im using identifies itself ( in the `` info '' menu ) as : ** [ xfce terminal-emulator ] ( ) ** ( terminal 0.4.8 ) . its the default one that came with installing debian 7 + xfce . -- -- > what do you have in `~/.emacs` and `~/.emacs.d` ? * `~/.emacs` does not exist . * `~/.emacs.d` contains only a sub folder `auto-save-list` ( which contains an empty file whose name starts with `.saves` ) .
i do n't know exactly , how to create `xorg.conf` under debian jessie . but i thing , i tried both and none of these two things worked . can you somehow tell me more , how to use the `xrandr` , please ? ( i mean , where to put its call . i tried it under my account and it worked - however - without having affected the login screen . )
( in compare with other oss )
that gave no output , which made me suspicious . so i checked for typos . and found typos . *actually* having a `multi` to 2 `dmix`es pointing to `hw`s **works** ! many thanks for your help and patience ! ( post an answeri 'll edit to add the details that worked . )
, no , i 'm sorry , i tried ssh root @ 192.168.1.218 , i forgot to mention in my question , updated
that 's a good question . i think for my purposes , i 'm okay with running something twice a month on fixed days .
: yes , ubuntu does have a linux kernel but it uses ubuntu patches and drivers . ( feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong ) .
i tried it but it does n't change the value ... . $ sudo ./toybox blockdev -- setbsz 2048 /dev/sda5 blockdev : 2048 : no such file or directory $ sudo blockdev -- setbsz 2048 /dev/sda5 blkbszset : device or resource busy $ sudo ./toybox blockdev -- getbsz /dev/sda5 4096
can ettercap be configured to filter packets coming across a bridged connection ? **edit : ** i see ettercap has the `-b`/` -- bridge` argument . i 'll do some more research on this a little later .
downloaded it from www.google.com/chrome/ , and installed it ...
if you hit it ( the cancel button on the keyboard after doing the above stuff ) it does not produce the same effect as when you do c-g. on the contrary , nothing happens .
done .
. i would like to use the crontab to echo a statement in my terminal , logout from the os ( as if i was to point my mouse to the command logout ) , and i am trying to test it by running an echo statement every two minutes
updated , running arch
both doing the work inside awk or outside of awk would be acceptable .
: yeah but what if i wanted to see what the end user would see when he ran the same command from his terminal and when i scaled that to say 100 , what would they see on their screen ? is n't that a valid thing to determine ?
too sad to hear that ( though i knew this )
i have multiple csv files . the second field of the last row in each of these files will contain the number of rows in that file . i have to get the row count from the file and compare it against the actual number of rows in the file . if they are same , then only i have to process . row_count=`grep -c ^ /tmp/file1.csv` -- this is the number last_line=`tail -n 1 /tmp/file1.csv` actual_row_count=`echo $ { last_line } | cut -d `` , '' -f 2` -- this is the string -- now i am comparing these two numbers to see if they are same . if [ [ $ { row_count } == `` $ { actual_row_count } '' ] ] ; then -- here it is breaking
like i mentioned in the description , the script is coded in a way that does n't allow access directly using root .
hey , the output is , `-rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 57800 dec 3 14:38 /bin/amld`
i did , and posted an answer below .
: yes , all the other machines work fine .
this solution can be disabled at running time , its not permanent .
- `version 3.6.6`
no , that gives you only the newest available .
` # rpm -q pcre pcre-7.8-7.el6.x86_64` could you please share a link to this bug 's page ?
. the hdd is using ext4
when i am doing fdisk -l /dev/sdx its giving unkown device mounted ...
maybe my explanation was not completely correct and descriptive . what actually happened was : 1 ) i connected to the machine through an ssh session , 2 ) i tried to recover the detached screen session through 'screen -r ' or the like ( see the question ) 3 ) the ssh session became not responsive to command line instructions and keyboard shortcuts such as 'ctrl-c ' or 'ctrl-x ' , 4 ) i closed the ssh session and started a new one to take control of the machine again . i edited the question to remove `` reboot ''
no , it does not appear in mine as well . can we add module from sources there manually ?
yes the default window manager of mate is apparently macro and as far as i know macro is somehow related to metacity . there is no macro in /usr/bin though .
. what do i do next ?
i 've tried just having the local dns server , but dnsmasq ca n't seem to forward anything no matter what config i change ( the documentation is n't helpful either , since it seems that it should `` just forward '' by default ) .
i mean iptables -vl
switching to ` # ! /bin/bash` at the top fixed the problem .
what do you mean ? atm i do n't see anything . all my code does is go through the columns in the file i think . i want it to go through the columns and rows so it can get the grades and then i 'll use the formula to compute the final grade for every student .
after the first search with `/` , i use `n` to get the next results . i tried repeating the search with a combination of `/` and _enter_ , but the behaviour does n't change , once it gets to the end , it comes back to the beginning .
: have an ssh connection established between the two machines . i tried to do the reverese ssh trick but it did n't work ( probably beacouse i did n't understand it , or i do n't have sufficient permissions on the server ) . currently i 'm doing this locally but i still get an error . i 'll update my question .
yeah it has . inside there is this lines with getty : 1:1 : respawn : /sbin/getty 38400 tty1
both *grep -q* and redirection give `` 0 0 '' , but why is that ? ?
it says `./app_process : symbolic link to 'app_process32 ' `
there is no output on either box before i run the ssh command
only for test study , i like old system like dos , unix sysv , even unix v7 ( 1979 ) , for work and at home i use linux , hpux , aix and sometimes ios
edit : i use ubuntu 12.04 and it does not have the network manager . it has wicd that handles the wifi interface .
ubuntu ... i was meaning to say that i want to learn a more advanced distribution .
rhel , centos and ubuntu . i believe it 's the upstart version of shutdown .
sadly no . i can only ssh and rdp into ( c ) . everything else is blocked .
that directory does not exist . i 've updated the question with what i think you wanted to know . the syslog has nothing to say about `at`
simple position-for-position differences . no insertion/deletion . in your example , 3 differences .
i 'm working through that now .
tools like sed and rename make things easy true , but i 'm wondering what really happens under the hood . the _resulting_ directory structure remains the same .
the second word , there are 2 or 3 words . the first is a number followed by . , the second is a name , and the third is also a number but sometimes it may miss .
on a table with a sheet of paper and a pencil , this is the answer given by the book : *exercices corrigs de programmation unix* by j.m . rifflet
ok , done . the address changed to 137.82 ... good . i thought it would fix it but now i get `connection refused` : ( maybe we should consider this post as being solved ( you can make an answer from your comment ) and i open another post for `connection refused` . what do you think ?
i 'm currently doing this , thank you for the advice - markplotnick checked and everything seems good , thanks : ) - baardkopperud yeah i 've heard of it but my ubuntu did n't come with any other root accounts - now i 've got a new question , how could i check what the user `` rootk '' did ? are n't there any logs file or something ?
: `hosts : files dns myhostname`
for a qa many of the solutions presented here are useful : for a general purpose os without a specific platform the vm or kernel boot parameters could be useful , but for a embedded system where you know the memory specification of the targeted system i would go for the filling of the free memory .
. i am not trying to move .zip files . just an example . i have tried by having `chmod 777` on both files and folders . same thing happens . i am running ubuntu 14.04 lts
it 's system dependent . in some systems each port number is incremented starting in , lets say 1 , when you add a new serial multiplexer , the new ports continue to increment from the last number ( aix fashion ) , but in others , you have a compound number like 1a , 1b , 2a , 2b , where 1 and 2 the multiplexer number , and a , b the port ( sco fashion with digiboard hardware ) . btw you always have an association between hardware and the /dev ports ids .
ok , i tried a foolish eval cd \ $ x only ( and some other weird stuff ) . anyway , thank you very much !
yes , i use it before .
so in my application i am supposed to make eth0 the default gateway if it has connectivity . but to check connectivity i make a temporary route to my known good server . but to do this i need to know eth0 's gateway address . so how can i determine this ?
ehm , i 'm using the gmail account to send email with ssmtp
i do n't see any output from tailing /var/log/dmesg . plug in/remove = nothing .
: great ! thanks .
hours and days are always like it 's represented above .
hello experts , thanks for your comments so far . large send and large receive on sles is turned off , i checked with ethtool . how to check if large send / large receive is on in the aix lpar ? i tried lsattr -el ent1 but i ca n't find the large_send attribute
- updated with this output . thanks
after cleaning the cache , that file still persisted , so i renamed it to some other and tried it again . but this time i am getting some other errors.. like `` sqlite3.databaseerror : database disk image is malformed ''
from what i understand , the 'read-only ' switch is only a suggestion to the reader . even if the 'read-only ' switch is stuck in the read-only mode , i think it can still be written to with the right driver .
updated question . @ barmar no such setting . besides , one of the log files not rotated is in the hundreds of mb .
could you give more details ? do you mean chroot into a vfs ? thanks : )
hi all ... i thought module was a popular command . anyway the comment and answer by @ slm are highly appreciated .
yes , sure . [ code ] ping -i eth0 -c 5 google.com ping google.com ( 173.194.39.230 ) from 10.0.0.136 eth0 : 56 ( 84 ) bytes of data . from 10.0.0.136 icmp_seq=1 destination host unreachable from 10.0.0.136 icmp_seq=2 destination host unreachable from 10.0.0.136 icmp_seq=3 destination host unreachable from 10.0.0.136 icmp_seq=4 destination host unreachable from 10.0.0.136 icmp_seq=5 destination host unreachable
either would work with what i want done . they both capture exactly what i need .
explain me why . the question depends strongly on the fact that both linux and mac stem from the same unix foundation . so a more general question like _why ca n't linux run mac applications_ seems to be on topic for me . and this is just a special case of this more general question .
**edited : ** using a vpn i can now open the site . so it means that something is blocking my access ?
output from fdisk :
if it allows me to route the audio from my phone to my desktop speakers , then yes !
hauke , this might be it , if the interpretation of the `` default '' value from the route command is that that is .
i am running : `sha256sum /dev/sdb` ( on the block device , not the partition ( s ) )
ext4 to ntfs . internal hard drive to external backup drive ( wd my passport ultra ) .
yes , thanks to lc_all=c , everything else is the same
exactly what the title states : connect to freenode simultaneously in more than one terminal window .
my local server will generate files daily and it will be moved to a remote server by means of scp script . if someone has stopped my scp script . i should take care of it . hence i am planning to do sftp to a remote server by using a script . before sftp i need to check whether the files exists in the remote server ( just for validation ) for the day , if files are there , exit the script . or else do sftp .
it 's not , but none of the solutions i saw seemed to accomplish that point
thats fairly clear . i need to read a file into an array in a language thats 30 years old and i am a little out of practice with .
richard , the problem seems only to affect the letter `` t ''
no they are n't -- would you recommend writing common ones as unit-files ? is there a better alternative ?
i tried putting a live version of both kali and boot repair on a flash drive , but trying to boot from them gives `` error : failure reading sector 0x0 from 'hd2 ' `` .
, i am trying to use `vim` as a syntax highlighter for `less` filter .
and give error : convert : no decode delegate for this image format `file.webp ' @ error/constitute.c/readimage/532 . convert : missing an image filename `file.jpg ' @ error/convert.c/convertimagecommand/3011 .
how can i check ? i did `sudo ps aux | grep crond` and got `elijah 3795 0.0 0.0 9388 952 pts/10 s+ 16:46 0:00 grep -- color=auto crond` which i think is just the grep command i ran ... .
edit : i have mounted integration services and here is what i get when trying to access cd files : [ ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
-- -- -- -- -- $ sudo -v sudo version 1.6.7p5 $ uname -a ... x86_64 gnu/linux $
yes , because if i do `tac_plus -f /usr/local/etc/tac_plus.cfg 2 > /dev/null` , then there is no output . on the other hand , in case i do `tac_plus -f /usr/local/etc/tac_plus.cfg 2 > logfile` , then `logfile` has no content.. @ meuh i tried with both `stdbuf -ol -el tac_plus -f /usr/local/etc/tac_plus.cfg 2 > & 1 | cat` , but it did not change anything .
thanks for the comparison of two versions of bash . it is sounding like a bug - time for a bash update , and time to start using ` $ '\x02'` instead of my old favourite temp char ` $ '\x01'`
just added it now .
**edit : ** my machine was running mac os x , the remote machine was running some other unix or linux variant . i think it was red hat or debian . i used mv to rename the file .
i edited the question to include swap information . does that help ?
no . perl is n't an option .
it worked perfectly thanks .
the problem was on coding side . the issue has been resolved and can be seen at
can you describe how can i do that ? i believe it is just an npm module , no distribution package .
i am getting this message if i give mail : `` if 'mail ' is not a typo you can use command-not-found to lookup the package that contains it , like this : cnf mail ``
my new / partition will be raid 0 across all 4 drives . right now its on 2 drives
i did n't know about that , i 'll try it . thanks !
it 's natted . i 'm not sure exactly where the nat is applied ( whether by esx or further upstream ) ; i can find out if you think it might matter .
basically i have a html page i want to see in a browser using a local server
they all seem to have each own pid , according to htop 's output .
additional information : ======================= both source and target filesystems are ext4 both source and target filesystems are local ( not nfs )
hi , we never managed to figure out what it was . how can i remove the raid 1 ?
it is a binary code for quantum mechanical calculations .
the result for command `ip rule list` is the following : `0 : from all lookup local 32764 : from 10.0.0.100 lookup eth0 32765 : from 10.123.122.101 lookup ppp0 32766 : from all lookup main 32767 : from all lookup default`
yes.. : )
mitha : is just another script that my script.sh calls .
update : this does n't work : cd / ; du -sxm * 2 > /dev/null | sort +0nr | head -30 since it lists directories that are mounted in ex . : `` /foo '' ( tried this under : aix6.1 and sles 9.4 ) update : du -xm / | sort +0nr | head -30 this worked on aix , now what ? : d
yes . this is what i expect . since i do n't much about bash , so the answer is open , maybe there some keybord shortcut to let me do this kind of things .
on startup . asfadsfsdf
no not necessarily .
i could use any standard utility like awk , loops etc or aything you suggest.i think i need to take out the last column using awk and keep comparing using a loop inside a loop ( may be a while do loop ) i am trying that ... .hope it works ... .i would appreciate any valuable inputs
`ls -s` reports different sizes as well
`/var/log/syslog` ( ubuntu 14.04 ) does n't show anything related to ssh .
many thanks , @ michaelhomer - see post update ; it turns out my ` $ path` starts with `/media/mydisk/adobereader/adobe/reader9/bin : /opt/openprinting-lm1100/bin : ... ` so that is the solution ; feel free to post an answer , i 'll accept it ! thanks @ psusi - i 'm well aware of that , unfortunately i 'm working on a project using this older version ; otherwise i would have updated a long time ago . cheers !
i have no idea to be honest . i 'm not enough of a *nix person to even know how to check .
yeah sure
kensington orbit - it 's pretty good except for the scrolltouch/touchscroll monstrosity
yes , you 're correct , i fixed the path now . i 'll check to see if it triggers tonight .
, i am able to ssh into the machine so ssh is running . how do i check if libvirtd is running . i am not familiar with the xen cli , so maybe some hints would be great .
the console device has identical permissions and ownership in both builds .
as i understand it , canonical and reference questions are encouraged in the stack exchange system . i have googled it a bit , and havent found a great resource to answer my questions . if you know of an article or book , please do tell .
they were both repeating in the same message
[ edit ] i 'm trying to work this into a piped sequence - i was hoping for a clever command i did n't know about , or else something really sed-ugly .
just `cp` , unfortunately ...
yes , i need to wait . i switched from static ip to dhcp and that 's caused all the problems . no , i do not want to assign static ips .
i 'm using center 6.2. is there any text file where i can see this information .
oh sorry edited for this information !
i 'm using redhat6
here it is : not sure it will help you our , the files i showed here are what the guide shows .
yes , it does . it is when added to the text file above that it does not seem to work .
i found a workaround for running the commands that is very difficult to use , but still can let me eventually get lowercase commands . the env command did return just english . it sounds like a bug in the install , as caldera printing installs their own version of debian on our machine , and it 's probably a problem with their version of debian . we might just have to give them a call i guess : / thanks for the help
can you please help . can i some how add windows option to grub boot loader ?
... that was so obvious i did n't think of it . it works . wow .
faheem mitha- i 'm using fedora 16
, yet to be ascertained , but a good question . i believe `fsck` is scheduled to run in december , and i 'm curious to see what happens then .
i just tried it and no error . it works as expected when on terminal . ( to be specific i connect to the server via ssh . ) every day there is an update of odoo , so we will be able to test it again tomorrow if you help me solve the issue .
yes , should have said .
any thing either path or idl_path its just a name to direct a particular path .
: update the output of `` cat /proc/meminfo '' .
i am not looking for the details , just a general description of how they relate and when one should be used over the other .
encountered the problem when logging in as my normal user , so tried to set `permitrootlogin yes` and logging in as root . it did n't help , and still no delay before asking for password again , which i find really weird .
what do you mean by a specific example ? i specified everything in the question . but again the steps in more details . 1- download the file 2- save the file to `/var/cache/apt/archives` 3- run `sudo apt-get update` 4- run `sudo apt-get install uex_15.1.0.8_amd64`
i do n't understand your question ? the point is that pushd breaks the behavior of `cd -` that i want ( or expect ) . i know perfectly well in which directory i am , but i want to increase the speed with which i change directories : )
lokni i have attached the info about my fonts .
i ca n't find what you are talking about sorry ?
thanks @ don_crissti , i did manage to tweak the index.theme ( simply copying icons did not work ) to use elementary icons for the panel instead of numix . i got it to work partly , but i now get the idea !
mitha : yes . i suppose x was chosen automatically when installing the gnome desktop .
renaming .bashrc did n't help
mainly korn shell
**update** i worked it out partially , by creating a new mailbox : `mkdir -p a/ { cur , tmp , new } ` and place the eml file in a/cur , i could read it with : `mutt -f` but that 's not exactly what i want yet
thanks for your answer . boot menu . i do only have 1.debian in application menu i only have 1.diagnostic screen where i do have `` phoenix securecore tiano ( tm ) copyright 1985-2011 phoenix technologies ltd. all rights reserved . usb device . sandisk u3 cruzer micro then the same but with micro 1 fixed disk : wdc ( random numbers combination ) atapi cd-rom : tsstcorp cddvdw sn-208ab press any key to exit .
hmm , i wan na say c but i only seem to have the c++ directory ... is that problematic ? gcc 4.8.1 is in the bin though .
i have ftp access , not ssh . so i can not use cron .
thank you . just came across that on another forum , works great . i had n't stumbled upon it before that . i hope this answer is useful for future queries by other members .
yes i am ... in non wayland mode , gnome hangs freequently
why should www-data receive any mail at all ?
both ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
i thought i needed it because within the script a file is modified with a 0-255 value for the brightness of the keys , to modify this file it must be called by super user . i just executed the script in xterm without sudo and it worked just fine so i removed it , still no luck . edited my original post
ubuntu 11.10 amd64 .
replies to comments : 1 . `` dmesg | grep -i solaris '' does not show anything . however , both parted and fdisk show only one partition which is sdn1 . 2 . `` zpool status '' and `` zpool list '' both show `` no pools available '' .
yeah when i followed the answers from that question , the result remained the same .
woops , turns out it does not , you 're right
i uncommented it but it does n't affect it at all . if it 's just my laptop without the monitor , closing the lid suspends the computer . but once i add the monitor in , it no longer suspends the computer .
embarrassed to say not this month . lost the two drives i had and do n't have the budget to buy more . is it very hard from the drive ?
thks for the help mattbiancoa and hartmut .
could it be that this is a remote folder that should be mounted , but is n't ?
i 'm guessing then that i have some other issue , perhaps with the raspberry pi i 'm running this on , because i should be hearing audio , but i do n't .
shutdown of the machine
when i use ethernet ( or wlan with wicked ) it works flawless . even when i add `nameserver 192.168.2.1` to `/etc/resolv.conf` it works . maybe opensuse did patch `/sbin/dhclient-script` in a way that only networkmanager or wicked does provide dns .
thanks for quick prompt . i guess ill typo in your reply which i assume as below . i was n't actually complaining about the behavior rather trying to understand the observed behavior . btw , yes i was wondering why y1 is replying ( as per tcpdump on machine a ) to x1 instead of z1 . thx
it said chmod : unable to change file on /applications/safari.app : operation not permitted
dingdingding ! it may be possible to confuse sort -v with a complicated scheme that requires the rpmdevtools to sort it out , but for the kernel and most versioning schemes i think it does the job ! thanks @ sukminder , i did not know that existed .
does it make difference ? i thought using `` wget -c '' will make both options look same .
unfortunately it 's impossible to run anything during those moments - even the mouse cursor does n't move properly .
there is a problem with my nvidia graphics card . if i upgrade to 12.04.5 then i can not start my computer off the battery . i need to plug it in to start it . once it is started i could unplug it and run for a few hours . i have spent weeks trying to solve the problem and the only solution i found was to stay with 12.04.4
i have added the content of headers.txt at /home , in the question itself .
because modifying this file is only one part of a much more lengthy script . and while i write it , will not maintain it . my sysadmins will do that . it 's a requirement for them to know and use unix commands and be able to edit a bash script , most of them do n't know python . also , bash is a requirement on the servers we install and use , but python is not . so while it is present on the very system i will adapt , i 'm not sure it will be if the config file and the script i 'm writing are migrated to another system .
citrix presentation server 4.5
no i am not running my script under cron . i am running as the same user which has the file permissions as well .
yes opensource ...
and how ? please explain me in example ` $ php /path/to/myphpscript.php`
username @ host : ~ $ id username uid=1003 ( username ) gid=1003 ( username ) groups=1003 ( username )
sorry for the late reply ... i uninstalled vmware and then reinstalled it.. this fixed my problem . ( :
. thanks that did n't click my mind
so i know pcregrep can do multiline search . but you need to put the whole expression in . as this is a long paragraph i 'm searching for , i want to place it in variable and just do a grep of that variable . so basically it would be `find . -name `` * . [ ch ] '' | xargs pcregrep $ paragraph` but this does not work could anyone point me in the right direction
& @ roaima when i use this command search= '' find $ ( pwd ) -name '' , then it is coming like this '' find /tmp/ -name `` , but my requirement is am using the variable search dynamically so need to come like this '' find `pwd` -name '' etc . also if we use a command inside a variable , when the variable called eg $ search the command ( pwd ) is executed already . like `` find /tmp -name '' .. but requirement it should not execute before that..
the following with bad results
the hosts file is the default ( localhost ) and i 'm ok with that as i 'm not worried about name resolution at the moment . i ca n't run the other command right now and get the results you need since i ran hostnamectl and set the host name that way and it appears to have stuck . i checked all my config files again and the only change i see is that it removed my name server entry from the resolv.conf file and added a line for 'search newdomain ' . i removed that line and added back in my nameserver and it 's still working . not sure what else that command changed that actually fixed the issue .
it 's not a script , there are only two commands in the quote , cd and sudo dpkg-scanpackages .
i 'm using fluxbox .
i get no error whatsoever .
no , process is not running .
i updated my answer with lspci .
- see my updated question . btw , you 're very handsome .
like fdisk and gparted do n't seem to have an option to display the number of blocks
`` you are correct . '' thank you !
& g-man & jan : thanks for the help , my appologies for lack of details in original posting . it is now updated . thanks .
mint 11 ? long story , it 's an old install . but yes , maybe it 's best to burn a fresh mint 16 cd and reinstall . what do you suggest doing with the old mint partition and os ? delete it before installing or overwriting it with the fresh install ?
it happen with all qt program when i open terminal i do n't see any error message it 's simply restart qt and all program return back
( update : switching to a tty with `ctrl+alt+f1` and then back to the x session with `ctrl+alt+f7` solves the problem , i get back mouse control . so that 's an at least less annoying workaround . )
i tried the : `` echo 15 > /sys/class/backlight/acpi_video0/brightness '' when the screen was blank , but it did n't worked : \
sorry for the very late reply . no , i could n't find a solution .
speight i tried that before getting ftp to work , but i always had problems with ssh connection to the server . i would prefer to do it with ftp , but i accept any suggestions besides ftp and ssh also
added in update .
no only `.profile` file have that declared
to answer some of the questions : there is no menu.lst since it 's grub2 , the grub.cfg should have all the details . as far as i understand the grub code is in the mbr . the system boots with eufi .
( for instance , in a path argument , to the previous path component )
- i 'll upvote that if you answer with it .
i had installed wine tats all
see ikiwiki is a wiki with git backend . you can just do all the things with the wiki you can do with git..
on my ssh client , the $ term has the value of `vt220` . when i change its value by executing `export term=ansi` , emacs fully highlights documents . thank you !
no , are you kidding me ? i mean these are the directories in location . in order to do scp copy . as the command these are needed to be with comma separated such as ; scp -rp sourcepath/ { 'dir1 ' , 'dir2 ' , ... } destinationpath . so i need to separate these with commas .
i think it is not using `udev` . none of the conf files for it seem to exist . i do have an `\sbin\mdev` which is a symlink to `busybox`
i edited the question sir .
no . duplicity wo n't work . it appears to be a gpg issue . question updated .
no , it ca n't . it can access a dbserver from this machine only .
edit : i have used `gparted` to set the partition as active / bootable . buuuut : it is a logical partition and not the first on the hdd . when i now try to boot from the computer gets into a reset loop : right after the bios messages my computer restarts instead of booting .
edit : i am not using sasl , nor do i wish to . i do n't actually have cyrus sasl installed .
chazelas i am using the `aix 5.2`
i assumed it is not ideal , based on ... yeah what ? one thing that comes in mind is that as far as now , i never encountered a situation where a webroot was in /home/user dir . so that 'knowledge ' made me assume /home/user was not appropriate for deploying a webserver .
i 've added the screenshot . see the edit
no i dont { can not create directory `new ' : permission denied } from user .
i think it 's something server-specific because i use the same terminal ( build-in , mac os x ) with other servers and it does n't erase anything .
i edited the question to add a cue sheet example .
user @ dest.com : dest and /tmp/dest give the same result . ( with and without trailing slash . )
so that it gives me words that only start with 'l ' and end with 'x ' .
yes that works , that will solve my problem , but the question is still there . why does it differ on different servers ?
prd- production systems . i am trying to find the xml files which will help us to get the information about the server configurations in customized manner and so tried to use find/locate commands to get the file list for my program .
not sure what you mean . the bash shell where i run the command will first fork a sub process which is a copy of itself , and then the sub process will execve the specified command `time` .
**edit : ** today , i disabled the firewall on the server . now this message shows up in the cups error_log repeatedly when trying to print : e [ 13/jul/2011:10:17:15 -0400 ] request from `` 192.168.x.y '' using invalid host : field `` server.local '' the name of the server is server.local , which can be reached using that name . the address `` 192.168.x.y is that of the ipad .
: at the prompt . thanks for the tipi 'll look it up in the `zshbuiltins` man page !
several other things run immediately after yum-cron does : clamav update , logrotate , makewhatis , and mlocate - in that order . they all start within 20 seconds of each other .
yes i tried but no use ... my controllers had been programmed to send and receive data at speed of 9600.. so should i again set speed of those ports using terminal commands ? ? .. if yes how can i set speed n other configurations of the ports ( ttyusb0 n ttyacm0 ) ...
i think so @ sailorcire ! i have already setup openvpn on my `` proxy server '' successfully , so now i 'm able to establish connection from main host to the internet via `` proxy server '' ip . now , i want to setup , as you mentioned , `` per user routing table '' on my `` proxy ( openvpn ) server '' to use different actual proxy address per user ( per openvpn user )
`` as decent as possible '' is of course defined by those who created the `` unix tool or programming language library available on unix '' that i am asking for . if the best i am gon na get is replacing everything non-ascii with an underscore , then there is not much else i can do . except writing my own tool , which i wo n't . i guess unix @ so might not be the best place for this question
a solution based on python will be most helpful also supposing that this file is a csv file will python make the work easier ?
renan , i 've updated my post . @ derobert , sorry i made the mistake of rebooting the system . i 'll wait to see if they show up again though .
here is my error log file :
wireless is more important , but i would n't mind learning how to deal with wired connection problem . that 's why i did n't state anything more specific in the thread title .
that solved it -- it is a new feature ( see my answer ) .
: i need two ways to sign in to the same folder , one will auto-run a program , another one a shell access .
i use the web-interface ...
because , i do not want to start as a virtual machine , i want to build the host with all that software configurations . can this be done with what you are suggesting ?
: no , this i already know . seriously : ) would be grateful for any resource that can be scraped/processed to provide a bug- > version table .
no , i have n't figured out how to do it . only maybe using `tc` and it 's classes . seems to be very hard or very rare problem .
, it does n't work with all games that i 've tried . e.g . touhou project ( from 6 to 14.3 ) , bunny must die , planetarian . as a downloadable example here is cave story ( win-version ) :
but then when it gets to `` copying files '' , the computer powers off .
it is . what are you thinking ?
let the user to stop the `tail` , press some special key for example
i have edited the question with the results that i have got from lsusb .
it shows both as options . if i select kubuntu , it boots successfully . if i select windows , it makes it to [ this ] ( screen before crashing and immediately restarting .
edit : for posterity . let it be known that deepin 2014 introduced a desktop ui built using html , css , and js . it 's not exactly stable ( plenty of bugs prevent recommendation for use as a daily driver ) but the point is that it 's possible . and ... this forum had the nearsightedness to close my question as unclear . well i think it 's pretty clear now what i was asking and that it ( contrary to the responses below ) is totally possible .
no , i do not have any error messages while i run snmp trapd command..please find the start & end of the dump snmptrapd here : - # snmptrapd -m /usr/share/snmp/mibs -m inunixplatformapp-mib -f -n -ddump no log handling enabled - turning on stderr logging registered debug token dump , 1 net-snmp version 5.5 dumpx_recv:02 01 01 ... ... . 2014-01-25 22:33:55 udp : [ 127.0.0.1 ] :40313- > [ 127.0.0.1 ] [ udp : [ 127.0.0.1 ] :40313- > [ 127.0.0.1 ] ] : snmpv2-smi : :mib-2.1.3.0 = timeticks : ( 0 ) 0:00:00.00 snmpv2-smi : :snmpmodules.1.1.4.1.0 = oid : snmpv2-smi : :mib-2.1.3
yeah it does , shows a bunch of if/for statements after the `compgen`command which finish immediately .
the following users , how would i go about that ?
i 'm using sles11_2
yes . when i log in on the terminal prompt , i get the message `systemd-logind [ 1814 ] : failed to start user service : unknown unit : user @ 1000.service` ( after that message i can still type commands into the prompt )
**edit : ** the customer 's vpn is used via a juniper networks login ( a java client ) , and i get automatically connected into the company 's vpn through the router .
they do , but then i have to write in each python script this functionality . the other solution is cleaner in my opinion since it does not require any extra complexity in the programs i 'm running and it could be applied to any executable which fulfils the input/output conditions .
disclaimer : op here . i read the man page . and very little made sense . i find more useful info here ( no , i am not a sysadmin ) .
- yes , i do , updated the question to reflect that .
guys , thanks for making it clear . @ vonbrand : i thought of this too , did n't find a bios setting and fn+toggle does not work . xbindkeys reports unknown key ...
i have my important stuff backed up , but the rest is 10+ years of stuff that i could replace over the next 4-5 years i guess , but annoying as hell and will happily pay to restore it if i have to . should i stop sdi1 from recovering ? i think i can do that with some /sys/block/md0/md/sync_action magic . i can remove it from the array too if it is just going to continue to want to recover .
i woudl like it to use database instead accessing filesystem directly . just like locate does .
i am asking for the settings for tmux and irssi .
i like the first example in the first link , but to understand it i need the raw data , and how it 's presented in the file timedat.dat . do you know where i can get this from ? also the last example is interesting , but i need a few working `` commands '' examples to see how they work . i 'm looking for `` awk commands '' that manipulate `` text=number '' and plot just the number when it recognizes `` text= ''
thanks , that worked !
$ is_verbose is a variable . i will edit to show how it 's set .
i tried adding my username to the sudoers file by using visudo but that did n't work either
file modification timestamp
i have a `/proc/cpuinfo` . but this raises more curious questions . the `*_lm` flags indicate both my processors support long mode , but the address sizes are `` 36 bits physical , `` ..
the sharing utility in virtualbox is rather slow , compared to samba ( when it works )
yes it does . i have n't moved to wheezy yet . is it relevant ?
dmesg is really big , and there 's a lot of stuff in it i do n't recognize . how would i recognize an error ? i do n't know of an undelete tool would help - i use the command line , so i use `` rm '' instead of drag-to-trash , and my understanding was that you could n't undelete rm ?
, using the `rip vcd` option in `k3b` . but when i watch the actual vcd using one of the multimedia players , the issues are exactly the same .
thank you for the edit . but i do not think it is a real duplicate , since my main question is to discover the reason why this is not in linux . i am just wondering why this might be something that is so hard to program . i find it strange that other unix based operating systems ( osx ) are able to have this . considering the fix , that is about mousewheel acceleration , so the faster you turn the more lines you go . still no mouse wheel tick number of lines scrolled . ah well i might just have to give up hope .
because my professor has extremely strange sense of humor .
thank you very much for your ideas ! i 'll read them in detail . anyway , i think a `` fake screenshot '' could help explain what i was thinking about . ( images are taken from the internet btw ) . this is how i 'd see my `` extended terminal '' : ! [ my terminal ] ( a plain terminal attached to a `` command bar '' at the bottom . the idea is : in the event of a click on the `` run '' button , the current command line in the shell is removed and the text in the `` command bar '' becomes the current command , which is sent to the terminal . very simple , no autocompletion or anything necessary .
hi . i checked tlp . it 's running in i3wm .
young thanks i shall look into it , would certainly be handy .
edit : in order to set colors of my console window via putty , i used this link :
at the time of installation , when i reach at partition option then i select **create custom layout**
see my comment to rqomey .
it is a legacy system ; moving away from ftp is not an option unfortunately
model : crucial_ ct120m500ssd1 ( scsi ) disk /dev/sde : 120gb sector size ( logical/physical ) : 512b/512b partition table : msdos number start end size type file system flags 1 1049kb 112gb 112gb primary ext3 boot 2 112gb 120gb 8371mb primary linux-swap ( v1 )
thanks corrected .
i can be confident that the directory tree has n't changed . in general , though , of course , you ca n't . my fix would be to complete the search , then search for things changed since the start of the search .
only at the end of file . any other crlf should be ignored .
-- my use case was that i had previously used wget to download images from a blog , but sometimes the same image had been downloaded in different resolutions , but the file name ended up the same . i wanted to deduplicate , favouring the largest copy of each . but i 'm also interested in how you would solve this type of problem at the command-line .
**yikes ! ** i ca n't remember whether those trailing numbers are actually missing , or whether i just mispasted . i 'll have to check when i get home . could a broken `fstab` cause this ? and why would `/mnt` still work - is there a hardcoded exception for that somewhere ?
, please see the edit . thank you .
my cpu spend so much time on kernel . but why at kernel ?
ns.tenant.hcp3.hdsblr.com/rest/pic/cat/images.jpg ns.tenant.hcp3.hdsblr.com/rest/pic/cat/6.png ns.tenant.hcp3.hdsblr.com/rest/pic/landscape/9.png ns.tenant.hcp3.hdsblr.com/rest/pic/landscape/5.png
: nothing is mounted when i use gparted . i 've edited the initial question to include more information on what i do with gparted
it is in the original image . clonezilla seems to mess something up when it runs grub2
kernel : $ uname -- kernel-release 3.16.4-1-arch $ uname -- kernel-version # 1 smp preempt mon oct 6 08:22:27 cest 2014
it turned up out of nowhere and it disappeared by itself ,
it is not a problem with another language , but i prefer not to mix codes ... but it is not a problem . the number fields are separated by tabs , well i think . the cities field and the second field with several tabs ... i think ...
i would like to count the characters in the string entered by the user .
my linux is fedora 16
no , the problem is that the https protocol is n't installed on debian , but i have no idea how to do this : (
if a directory was owned by root and there was no global execute
yes . code followed by digits . after the digits , there may or may not be content . perl is ok , i can collect the output into a variable in my bash script i think
hmm . it 's a standard mysql install from apt-get , as far as i can tell ( not my system , it 's undo 's ) .
any other number should cause the line not to match . valid
- thanks , but i 'm not a sysasmin here , just a user of a centrally managed rhel deployment . all of our rhel5 machines are essentially the same image , ditto all rhel6 machines , so for me knowing the major revision is sufficient . given that we are only in the planning stages of moving to rhel6 now , i think it will be a while before we have to worry about rhel7 . *8 ' )
: there is a multiarch package , i 'm using debian squeeze ; but it 's simply too old for what i want to do ( i 'm a student ) .
**edit : ** to clarify , i need to know what pid 2302 was before i killed it . the `ps` line is to give context as to how i killed 2302 when i do n't even know what it was .
hello , i edited my question . i think filesystem is xfs .
no , i mean editing text in an editor like emacs , not editing a command line in a shell like bash .
, the repository is private but i have added id_rsa.pub to ssh keys section at gitlab.com . when i git clone interactively , there is no problem . however , when i do it in a non-interactive way , i get the key verification failed error .
might be a remainder of manipulation i did last week . i extended the first manjaroroot . it didnt cause any trouble though .
kernel version : debian 3.2.63-2+deb7u2
i have already provided ubuntu version in my code i guess.. let me know if there is anything i am missing ?
you 're right , it works ! the `-h` option actually does what i want ! ! however i wanted to get the thing bigger when panes are split *vertically* , that 's why i used `-v` throughout ( and the window only `` shook '' for a moment , but it did n't really work ) ! i think we both have figured out the basic problem in current `screen` : the options are __confusing as heck__ and far from self-explanatory . plus , i wish someone could tell me a plausible reason why these two options for __resize__ are n't explained anywhere in the `man` page .
drawing : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
. git does n't have the permission to overwrite the files needed when i do a pull
sorry for not being clear . i need bash script or perl code . starts from the first occurence of sasn2010aber.calleventrecord.egsnpdprecord { till the last occurence of }
you mean that xdg-open works for you with urls that have % 20 ( that encodes a space ) ?
i am new in linux . how to get dmg ? model is interl ( r ) wifi link 1000bgn . laptop-dell inspiron 14r i3
gnome 3.2 on f16
: thanks for the detail . from top logs , i 'm seeing awk gradually going for upto 99 % memory usage . after that it comes down to ~92 % and stays there . is that what you were asking for ?
what do i delete and where do i insert that line in the code ?
nothing specific there only one line `nameserver 192.168.88.1` , `192.168.88.1` is my router
: yes it is having one word for one line and it is single word only .
no i didn't..can u help me with it
yes , a udev event is triggered according to `udevmonitor` . the problem is that the script which is triggered can not do anything ( it tries to unmount the dev file and removes the mount point ) .
it 's dos free because it costed 200 $ less and i already have a windows key so i would like to download it from internet to install it .
` # free -m` ` total used free shared buffers cached mem : 1655 934 721 0 10 52 -/+ buffers/cache : 871 784 swap : 109 6 103`
tail -- version tail ( gnu coreutils ) 8.4
so with the editable file renamed to `tftp.plist.derp` still , `ls -blah tftp.plist*` shows both files while `ls -blah tfpt.plist` shows no files .
hi , nope , anything that will get the job done . cheers
internal , the same hdd the operating system is installed on .
here the function which build find_args : `function backup ( ) { if [ $ 1= '' -i '' ] & & [ -f $ 2 ] then backignore= $ 2 if [ $ 3= '' -d '' ] & & [ -d $ 4 ] then directory= $ 4 find_arg= '' $ directory '' while ifs= '' read -r line || [ [ -n `` $ line '' ] ] ; do find_arg+= '' ! -name `` find_arg+= '' ' '' find_arg+= $ line find_arg+= '' ' '' done < `` $ backignore '' find_arg+= '' -print '' store $ directory `` $ find_arg '' else echo `` please entrer a right directory '' fi else echo `` please enter a right ignore file '' fi } ` the output : _source ! -name '*.cpp ' ! -name '*.txt ' -print_ source/unix_backup/example_files/backignore source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep1/file3.txt source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep1/file4.cpp source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep3 source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep3/rep4 source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep3/rep4/file7.txt source/unix_backup/example_files/documents/rep3/rep4/file8.cpp_
that 's exactly what i 'm saying : ) something is terribly wrong here but i am not the one doing it . it just got done by something , not someone cause i am the only one using the computer . what really bugs me is that i do n't know what 's wrong as i repeat ( for the third time ? ? ) that i did nothing different than what i usually do after i install windows , which is install drivers , install media ( winamp , vlc ) , install antivirus ( usually avg ) which i download from their website every time anyway , install firefox which again i download from their website , install winace , etc . been doing this for years..
i dont know what is function ( in this context ) . after quick search , i found `` tip # 1 : overcome lack of functions with a clever use of alias and scripts , lack of 'functions ' can be easily overcome . ''
i added the files you requested , can you help me now ?
if this is too subjective , let me know and we can close it out . meta conversation :
( close and open a new one )
hello faheem - indeed , the hard drive is detected properly , and was moved ( by myself ) to the top of the list .
thanks - i do need to support kernel modules . right now i am using the a given init - but i am very new at this . do either of you have a favorite tutorial for building a file system ? leave as an answer and i will close this out
thanks for the hints . i 'll try your tips as well , but at the moment i got it working using josh 's answer .
i have no clue . i did not put it there myself . the only thing i added is the swap partition . any tips on pruning my fstab file would be welcome .
yes , i even restarted the machine to make extra sure
: yeah , i tested , and it is being read . i commented out my `set number` line , and it took effect , and uncommented it out and that took effect . i also added `` blah blah blah '' at the bottom , and got `` press enter or type command to continue '' when i opened anything , but oddly there was no error message before that ( unless it was black letters on black background ) .
yes , working fine with and but it is accessing different site ( i have lots of virtual hosts identified by domain name )
no . could the -z parameter have helped here ? in the manpages , i see that it 's for 'scan ' , but i ca n't see how it would help here .
they already are in git tree . question is how to sync config changes for multiple archs ( for ex. , enabling/disabling some drivers ) with minimal spent time .
edit : output of df -h filesystem size used avail use % mounted on /dev/mapper/volgroup00-logvol00 901g 3.5g 852g 1 % / tmpfs 1.9g 1.2m 1.9g 1 % /dev/shm /dev/sda3 194m 31m 154m 17 % /boot /dev/sda5 4.0g 3.7g 105m 98 % /home
it did n't say to do that , but it _seems_ to have worked ( the glxinfo grep seems to have loaded i965_dri.so fine. ) . will report back once i can actually test it . if it does work , i 'll also contact the owner of the guide i used .
, same for existing and non-existing file .
scp require permission on file /etc/hosts is root : root
50.10 e6d6err 50.10 e6d6lgda 50.10 e6d6main 50.10 e6d6seq 619.25 e6d6argl 75.2 0 i need the first two digits and e* in the second column
no , i have no real need to use so many hops - this was intended as a hypothetical question to better understand how ssh works under the hood . @ jid , if you can post an answer with some links to the rfc where this is described i will happily accept it !
the output of `lspci -knn | grep net` is : 06:00.0 network controller [ 0280 ] : intel corporation wireless 8260 [ 8086:24f3 ] ( rev 3a ) subsystem : intel corporation device [ 8086:1010 ]
that is the part of my log file . i was trying to be elaborative . you can ignore that .
dear , how can i upgrade dovecot version , currently using 1.2.9 and want to update it on 2.1.7
**update** i attempted to use a dvd instead to install , but it would n't boot from the dvd , i plugged the usb in with the dvd and am able to load it now . i 'm guessing it must have been missing certain drivers to boot from the dvd . anyways , the install did n't work from the live dvd either .
on linux . i 'm testing write bandwith
i do n't have admin privileges - the goal is to install it without them .
it will show that there is no file with name /tmp/foo
you have it on the log report for apt in my message .
thanks , it says , `` building file list ... done '' and then it lists the files . however , they still have n't been copied to the remote server ( at least the changes are n't apparent on the remote server )
gilles , thank you for your attention - please see my comments after joel davis 's answer .
i mean run commands
2.1 in osx and 1.9a in ubuntu . i 've `sudo apt-get install`d tmux 2.1 but ca n't figure out how to activate it
they are not coming directly i am reading few of them and keeping in my queue my queue size is of size 10000 , i increased to improve the performance if previously it was at 100 .
edit : my `.xsession-errors` , `xorg.0.log` , and `xorg.0.log.old` are hosted atthis google docs .zip uploadand i 'm on a mac right now so i had to mv away the `.` from the beginning of the filenames and i added `.txt` to the ends .
because -- it is not 16:9 , it is not included in vbe modes , it is n't something that majority monitors use . most , if not all laptops use 1366x768 . any of 1280x720 , 1366x768 , 1920x1080 are not soo odd i think . i 'm not sure if newer intel and amd graphics chips support 1440x900 in vbe mode .
got it 's not using `openchrome` . for `lspci | grep vga` `00:01.0 vga compatible controller : via technologies , inc. vx800/vx820 chrome 9 hc3 integrated graphics ( rev 11 ) ` ( this is a thin client ) and this is output of : `grep -e ' ( \ ( ww|\ ( ee ) ' /var/log/xorg.7.log` > ( ww ) warning , ( ee ) error , ( ni ) not implemented , ( ? ? ) unknown . > [ 34.285 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/cyrillic '' does not exist . > [ 34.286 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/100dpi/ '' does not exist . > [ 34.286 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/75dpi/ '' does not exist . > [ 34.286 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/type1 '' does not exist . > [ 34.286 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/100dpi '' does not exist . > [ 34.286 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /usr/share/fonts/x11/75dpi '' does not exist . > [ 34.287 ] ( ww ) the directory `` /var/lib/defoma/x-ttcidfont-conf.d/dirs/truetype '' does not exist . > [ 34.308 ] ( ww ) open acpi failed ( /var/run/acpid.socket ) (
hello @ anthon . when i try that , i get this : root @ ks-vps : ~ # mount /mnt/netapp mount error ( 5 ) : input/output error refer to the mount.cifs ( 8 ) manual page ( e.g . man mount.cifs )
do n't know if it 's normal but i have 2 dirs there on my laptop on default install .
i usually enable it from the gui system - > preferences - > remote desktop i have like 20 other machines set up the same way and they have no problems
, i tried this but nothing is coming .
, yes , i just used dd command . /dev/sd did n't throw me any error and did what it suppose to , but with my hdd . i have tried with my opensuse machine .
i 'm using bios , and installing everything to sdb1 .
vim is not enough here .
it gives me nothing . if i leave the grep away and look at the full eyed3 output it does n't show any genre tag . could it be something about id3v2.4 vs id3v2.3 ?
can you please suggest another command to perform the required ?
no idea . i followed this guide some time ago and ended up with working software raid and was quite happy with it ,
**edit** the problem seems complicated than i thought , in my bashrc , if it 's running on tty3 , it executes `startx` , so when systemd decide to shutdown/reboot , it whould kill vboxsvc process and other stuff when x session dies . i also tried to hack the source code of `xfsm-shutdown-helper` , make a fake `systemctl` that execute my script first , none of the above works .
[ root @ ns1 wwwroot ] # chown -r www : www /home/wwwroot/
: it is basically empty.it reside inside /etc/apache2/ . i had seen some sample httpd.conf files , they basically are not empty , so is it is what i am lacking .
maybe , i 'll look into that , but i find it rather odd that `id` does n't seem to work - it should n't have much to do with authentication since it should only lookup which groups the specified user is in .
i wrote in my post that i use kde4.6 = ) and thanks , but nope - it 's not about single/double clicks.. i turned single-click off a long time ago .
uniq - is about `` % % '' characters
if you want , this question could be converted to something along the lines of `` is the ppd a printer driver ? '' and i think it would be useful . i have definitely seen confusion as to whether the ppd/driver/both are required to be installed on a cups linux client . we might be careful to also distinguish it from windows printer drivers .
update- after running sudo parted -l i got model : lexar usb flash drive ( scsi ) disk /dev/sda : 7860mb sector size ( logical/physical ) : 512b/512b partition table : msdos number start end size type file system flags 1 1049kb 7860mb 7859mb primary fat32 boot , lba
fyi the script just calls `grep` , and `which grep` tells me it 's using `/bin/grep` . afaik in sudo file you need to specify the full path of the binary , even if you call it without the full path .
updated the question with results .
system is `linux mint` with kernel `4.4.0.-36` from repository .
unfortunately yes , i do ; /
64k modem with some very esoteric load balancing algorithm on the isp side . it seems dns packets have _lower_ prio as the ordinaries . and the few people using the network will ask first me in a problem , and not the remote zone admins : - ) using a load balancing tunnel on a remote proxy would be strictly forbidden . and i can manually investigate and fix the rare ip change cases . thank you very much the answer !
the problem is that it is asking for a password ! when you are cloning someone 's repo from github , for example , you do n't need to provide any passwords .
you mean , create a script named `script_debug` that contains `bash -x $ ( which $ 1 ) ` and run `script_debug script` ? that seems like a nice one actually .
it says `fatal : module rtl8723be not found.`
used openssh-server
os details added . yes i do .
there will be more than one status code i want all of them..i might have used wrong term to explain it
sorry , is for my log `echo `` [ $ i ] iteration - t = $ t '' `
did not find something different there ; i am looged in to the system as root .
# but could be static if it makes it more easy . e.g . simply force sections to end of file .
i would like to scan the whole parent folder .
i 'm using debian/xbuntu . binary package will install pyqt just for default version of python which is 2.7 and i want it to be installed for python 3 .
yeap , thanks . it 's one of those questions where you spend an hour googling and are then embarrassed when faced with the simple , sweet solution . please post this as an answer so i can mark it as correct
both http and https
edit : chaos ' answer was what i was originally looking for , but if you have an answer that does n't require me to list every mirror manually ( but rather can fetch it from a remote list ) i would still love to hear about it .
linux 14 = > linux mint 14
no , only physical printer .
: i do n't know . how do i find it out ? ( i 've just installed the debian package )
perl is fine . i just found `gsar` ( which i will try .
my bad . not familiar with the version naming conventions yet . but is n't sid a name unstable repositories ? similarly wheezy for testing repos ?
it did n't happen when i installed a xenix . i ca n't boot a linux cd , mainly because it does n't have an optical disk drive , but also because the bios can only boot from floppy or hard disk .
i installed debian with the amd64 iso image on a dvd-r. i 'm dual booting it with windows 8.1 .
map capslock to control and then use xcape ( linked above ) to map short presses of control to escape . in the question , i refer to a vi-like mode of keyremap4macbook , not to vim itself . so far the most promising option i found for what i am looking for is to use the python xlib module in a way similar to that used by plover . so far , i have n't had much time to work on this .
i used the mint live usb installer , so it was all automatic . i 'm hoping the cloning process will avoid working with bootloaders and copy my current bootloader conf
from this to work ... when grep does not find a specific text wait for another script to try complete its task to add this text and repeat every 10 seconds till its done and text is present ...
no error message . it says with an cautionary symbol : `` operation system failed to recognize ''
, i hear that noise twice , one done by bios , one after ram disk is loaded
, sd card longevity is not a motivating factor in this system .
ii mysql 5.5.28 mysql built using cmake
hmm that 's weird . i 'm using centos 7 ( build 1503 ) , just installed today and have done yum update . i get newusers when i do 'apropos newusers ' , but not when i do 'apropos -a create user '
up-to-date rhel and up-to-date sl linux , do n't know the rhel version.. sl is : gnu awk 3.1.7
my kernel is 4.0.4. namespaces are available and working . ( in this case i am talking about network namespaces not user namespaces . ) both the `unshare` and the `setns` system call need the cap_sys_admin capability , hence `` normal '' users are not allowed to switch namespaces .
yes , although i decided to drop the `i` in `-iname` and use `.` instead of `source` . i did eventually drop his answer altogether and use jeff 's answer as it is simpler , but his answer worked with the adjustments i mentioned , at least . binaryzebra ( bz ) 's answer i find overly complex ( i 'm a programming noob tbh ) and since i last saw it has become more complex and confusing . i think i 'll accept your answer , now i think of it .
`ctrl-d` takes me to the end . then `ctrl-c` gives the the command prompt . if you want to submit that as an answer , i will mark it as accepted and +1 . thank you .
column1 = chr1:16840617-16840780 ; column2 = rnu1-1
yeah , if it does n't mess up other operations
i 'm especially interested in indexing my ebooks and papers , so that 's a mixture of pdf , epub and a few djvu . ( open ) office docs would be nice , but much lower on my list .
what do you mean by that ? i do n't know a whole lot about postfix , is there a specific setting i might need to look at .
good question . i ca n't test right now since i currently do n't have access to the nodes , but i think it is at least a linux with kernel 2.6.18 or up . i will update the question as soon as i have that information
yes , it 's unusual , but i need apply some firewall rules and traffic control , and the router does n't have this functionalities
nope . pdftk works for me . thanks ...
i tried to check what `i386` libraries are actually available : xxxxx @ debianvirtualbox : ~ $ aptitude search i386 p debian-installer-8-netboot-i386 - debian-installer network boot images for i386 v debian-installer-netboot-i386 - p installation-guide-i386 - debian installation guide for i386 p installation-guide-kfreebsd-i386 - debian installation guide for kfreebsd i386 i libc6-dev-i386 - gnu c library : 32-bit development libraries for amd64 i a libc6-i386 - gnu c library : 32-bit shared libraries for amd64 v qemu-system-i386 -
thanks , will try without cd and for second one it says `` unknown command : ` ? ' '' .
i mean the largest partition has lots of free space
i strongly suspect it is a cpu problem rather than io . that is because i can reproduce the problem with a 4mb input video ( about 60 frames ) . this entire video can be read from the ssd in well under a second . it takes much longer than that for x265 to encode the video ( at less than one frame per second ) . and yet , the problem persists during the entire operation ! if that 's not enough , the videos ( source and destination both ) are stored on a dedicated ssd that is not used for anything else on the system .
thanks for the effort you made to reply , andcoz.. anywhere in the question i did not mention -xms and -xmx are tomcat parameters . yeah there may be no general answer to such question but there may be some useful information to such question like shekar suman wrote . by the way my jre version is : jdk1.6 . help me if you can .
start-date : 2016-02-16 23:10:06 commandline : apt-get dist-upgrade upgrade : libkrb5-3 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libk5crypto3 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libgraphite2-2.0.0 : amd64 ( 1.1.3-1 , 1.3.5-1~deb7u1 ) , libc-bin : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , libc6-i386 : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , libgssrpc4 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , iceweasel-l10n-de : amd64 ( 38.6.0esr-1~deb7u1 , 38.6.1esr-1~deb7u1 ) , locales : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , iceweasel : amd64 ( 38.6.0esr-1~deb7u1 , 38.6.1esr-1~deb7u1 ) , libkrb5support0 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , multiarch-support : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , libgcrypt11 : amd64 ( 1.5.0-5+deb7u3 , 1.5.0-5+deb7u4 ) , libkadm5clnt-mit8 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libkadm5srv-mit8 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libc6-dev : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , krb5-locales : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libkdb5-6 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libgssapi-krb5-2 : amd64 ( 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u6 , 1.10.1+dfsg-5+deb7u7 ) , libc-dev-bin : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , libc6 : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) , libc6-dev-i386 : amd64 ( 2.13-38+deb7u8 , 2.13-38+deb7u10 ) end-date : 2016-02-16 23:10:28 # output example
this is what i get in return `-rw-r -- r -- 1 root staff 165 jun 3 01:37 ./tests/unit/framework/__init__.pyc `
gerhard d. the netstat returns me the following > tcp 0 0 127.0.0.1:8082 0.0.0.0 : * listen when i do a test port with the command telnet localhost 8082 the poxy server answer me on the other side with the classic message of protest that i am not sending authenticated requests , the tunnel works , my problem is put to work my wget with that tunnel
sorry for late reply . but no . i could n't get it working . the only way was to downgrade the kernel .
01:32 dcc ca n't create file /mnt/cloud/*filename* : text file busy . as for the folder , yes the user can edit files , create files and folders , delete . i even wrote a script in php executing a command on the commmand line and it was also able to edit the folder .
if you know of any anonymous file sharing site , please let me know . i 'm not going to sign up to some file-sharing site just for the sake of one spreadsheet .
, yes .
`rvm` is in ` $ path` . i am not sure what you mean by `` root 's `path` '' . are there other 's `path` ?
, yes , i do n't need to change the dm - in general - but on that system kdm-startup fails after a yum upgrade ... and yes , when trying another spin getting the full branding would be nice .
umm.. yes i 'm using maybe . but i 'm not sure .
that works ! how to do multiple commands though ? `echo 0 | cat test.txt | ./a.out` only inserts `test.txt` .
added the data , not sure how to attache file , have corrected the script .
it 's random but it happens more often on the terminal .
edit : the output of following commands . the output of java -version after installation : root/~/ $ java -version java version `` 1.6.0_27 '' openjdk runtime environment ( icedtea6 1.12.6 ) ( 6b27-1.12.6-1ubuntu0.12.04.4 ) openjdk 64-bit server vm ( build 20.0-b12 , mixed mode ) the output of dpkg -s $ ( type java | awk ' { print $ 3 } ' ) after installation : root/bin/ $ hash -r ; dpkg -s $ ( type java | awk ' { print $ 3 } ' ) dpkg-query : no path found matching pattern /usr/bin/java . root/bin/ $ ll /usr/bin/java lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 22 nov 19 13:40 /usr/bin/java - > /etc/alternatives/java* the output for update-alternatives : root/bin/ $ update-alternatives -- display java java - auto mode link currently points to /usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk-amd64/jre/bin/java /usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk-amd64/jre/bin/java - priority 1061 slave java.1.gz : /usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk-amd64/jre/man/man1/java.1.gz current 'best ' version is '/usr/lib/jvm/java-6-openjdk-amd64/jre/bin/java ' .
it echoes a blank line . just like echoing ` $ dosifnsdoifjoisdjfisodf` would .
that did it ! thanks man
i use ubuntu 14.04 .
yes i have them located in a folder
that 's what i ended up doing . it does the job alright ; - ) but somehow i still have the feeling that x is missing a better keyboard protocol extension - one that can deal with multi-key combinations without one ending up with another daemon . that said `xbindkeys` is great , i am planning to extend it to support shared library calls .
no error , i just can not see some directories in nautilus or ls command , but they do exist when i see them through windows explorer
. the identical piece has the same dimensions in all the images
cloudlinux 6 - so effectively centos 6 .
600 9.99 5994 joshua newsom new_york trader_depot ny 90 800 7.99 6392 edna brock raleigh elliott's_department_stores nc 90 9200 1.88 17296 edna brock raleigh elliott's_department_stores nc 100 4400 1.98 8712 michael wiggum los_angeles trader_depot ca 100 600 2.5 1500 joshua newsom new_york trader_depot ny 90 600 2.5 1500 edna brock raleigh elliott's_department_stores nc 100 8800 1.68 14784 heather willis atlanta big_chuck_diners ga 100 200 4.99 998 beth munin seattle little_corner_sweets wa 100 200 2.49 498 shirley brightwell san_francisco pacific_cafe_company ca 100 1200 1.89 2268 tim kelly new_york nuts_and_things ny 90 14000 2.29 32060
i recently read that there are some distros that have a different file system hierarchy like gobolinux and was under the impression that there might be more distros similar to gobolinux .
yes , it 's a notebook .
also . i tried to highlight the code as you suggested and the formatting did n't stick when i sent it. ? ? i 'm on a steep learning curve ! !
zgrep -i cifs /proc/config.gz returns : config_cifs=m config_cifs_stats=y # config_cifs_stats2 is not set config_cifs_weak_pw_hash=y ... all yes except for stats2 and debug basically
using fdisk -l i can see the partitions /dev/sdb but when i use df -h to check the mounted location i assigned . they are not there . please advise
hi mat . i am map san disk to lun and then client connect to this lun , format ext4 . am i doing something wrong ? please tell me more about that
my crontab entry is as follows :
yes , i did ! thanks
well in the text file there are only 10 line and the lines that i want to pull out are all unique , so it should work with the first matching line
yes . it 's version 1.7.0-b13 . the latest when i downloaded it a few days ago . ah sorry , i copied that jdk1.6.0_xx from a guide i followed ( it 's quite old ) . i used jdk1.7.0_51 instead .
i do use an argument with a cc number . i just did n't put that in the output segment . i probably should .
its the latest 5.5
no since it 's binary
: it is our load balancer , so it could mean a few people are getting a slower page load when loading these sites a day , so super critical ! ( okay , it probably is n't a big deal , but `` the more you know ''
already checked that @ gilles , was not the case . i used an absolute path . eyoung100 , do n't think `ldd` exists for macs but i tried using `otool -l subl` at the internet 's suggestion as a drop-in replacement and it just said `no such file or directory.`
oh , sorry , the actual folder name that i 'm trying to target is : `adobe illustrator cc 2015` . when adobe apps upgrade , they change the `cc` and year in the path name ; i just wanted to have my script be more future-compatible by not caring about the version name ( `cc` ) or the year ( `2015` ) . thanks for asking and reading my question !
$ echo $ 0 -sh
pqnet : debian gnu/linux
when i do top , i see pkg-config blocking the cpu . i also did `vmstat 1` and i see that both high disk access and high cpu usage . the code is large , but i do n't think it should take 20 minutes to link an application . it is not that large . and i see it happening randomly .
: as far as i know , python is correctly setup and installed . i followed the commands on the guide , and i think one of them automatically sets up a lot of things . i also had to run several python commands , and i just checked and python 2.7.3 is installed with gcc 4.6.3. the access.log shows a bunch of get requests ( from me refreshing ) . nothing on the error.log
on a hunch that it might be the proprietary nvidia driver , i reverted all the way down to the stable version of the driver , version 304 and i still experience the crash . can anyone walk me through a good debugging procedure for after a crash ? i 'd be more than happy to boot into a thumb drive and post all of my post-crash configuration files , i 'm just not sure what they would be . how can i find out what 's crashing my system ?
both are 5.5.28 . ( server version : 5.5.28-log )
that does n't work . i get the following error instead `ca n't use format xar : no such format 'xar'`
//edit : maybe i should mention : if i open the same combination of files from a file manager ( in my case dolphin ) , okular behaves as expected . i only have issues using the command line . //edit : i just tried the same thing on another computer using okular 0.23.2. it worked fine , so i guess the bug has been taken care of already .
yes , apache is serving that folder .
( edit : i can physically power off the monitor , so that 's why i 'm asking about the gpu . )
they are not on the same network . basically i 'd like to be able to do things like 'wget -- bind-address=x . detailed instructions would be cool , but right now i do n't even know if it is possible or what my options are .
one of them is `alias stopdev= '' cd $ home/website ; make website_stop ; make backend_stop ; '' ` . i think we 've found the problem . if either of you want to provide an answer to the effect of `` it 's because your alias has a semi-colon at the end of its definition , dummy '' i 'll be happy to accept it .
. yes it is .
you are awesome ! that was the fix . if you post it as the answer i will mark it correct : )
was right -- some ( thing/one ) mangled the installed files . reinstalling binutils ( which i *thought* i had already tried ... ) cleared things up .
yes i try all these solutions but no change
it 's `trusty` , but yeah , it 's there .
i tried to use the ubuntu boot repair
the initial test query file with ips was created in windows ( notepad++ ) . the subsequent query files with ips and words have been created in both notepad++ and vim since i thought that might be an issue . still does n't help . i think it must be a syntax issue . could the tab space in the actual files versus the single space in the successful initial search be the problem ?
`echo $ ( nginx -v 2 > & 1 ) | grep -i `` nginx/1.9.10 '' 2 > & 1 | grep -i `` ngx_pagespeed-release-1.9.32.10 '' 2 > & 1 | grep -i `` openssl-1.0.2f '' 2 > & 1 | grep -i `` modsecurity-2.9.0 '' 2 > & 1 & & echo `` has the stuff we need '' || echo `` missing something '' ` work , but i 'm getting the output of `nginx -v` as well , which i only can get `has the stuff we need`
dok - sorry , fixed .
behind the same router
i put svn function into my .bashrc so when i use `svn log -l 10` i see output from my function instead svn standard command , but if i use `svn log -l 10 | grep foo` or `svn log -l 10 | cat` i see output from standartd svn command i would like use `|grep` from my svn function
yep , it 's done : )
i think now it 's clear .
, no , it was n't the network problem , it is a problem with the tcpdump , see my comment to the accepted answer .
i checked tailf /var/log/icinga2/icinga2.log there is no request from my ip also error.log is empty
reinstalling is not necessary , but it must definitely allow downgrades .
this worked a treat i used the -p flag to preserve the creation date of the pictures so i can get them in the correct order for video processing later using cinelerra
edit : the output of the crontab indicates connectivity issue : `could not resolve host : bitbucket.org` how can i wait for network to be setup before i run the script ?
, the rules do match what i 'd expect . i did enable ip forwarding ( output is 1 ) .
no , an intel one ( as in lspci )
ca n't be true , i run ./id and i 'm setgid .
yes , to no avail . says 0 logical volumes are active , but lvs still lists them and so does the `` devices '' panel . unplug , re-plug and i get the error
no i 'm not on jessie . i 'm on wheezy , but with testing branch enabled in sources.list
this also goes for additional hops ie ssh - > screen - > ssh - > ssh ( unable to logout cleanly ) < - want to force kill this ssh session . i tried running `enter `` ~~.` , which kills the second ssh session , and that kind of works . it 's not good enough for say a third , fourth , or more hop , though . it would be nice to have a solution that works however deeply nested i am ssh'ed into other machines .
linux 3.19 kernel cross compiled for arm using linaro , i will check and update the keyboard type - thanks
i 'm not allowed to access internet at my workplace . but realised that you can point apt-get to point to dvd instead . does the apt-get gstreamer1.0-plugins-* install what i need to call say `` gst-launch '' command ? sorry quite noob to linux..
thanks , that 's exactly what i want
the inner `grep -a3` in `grep -v `` $ ( grep -a3 derp filename ) '' filename` has several hundred thousand results , so the outer `grep -v` just says `` argument list too long . ''
an single command in it ... . prevent gem install to run as sudo
in mint , i go to the new driver manager , and it asks which drivers i want for the 680. one has the text `` ( recommended ) '' in green .
yeah , you 're right . but i didnt't know any other way of of watching for the file change . because without the `` -m '' parameter , inotifywait would exit the moment the file is created . but i to chown this specific file the moment it is created ... that 's my problem ...
edit : i see [ here ] [ 1 ] that a 2gb can have 10tb of data written before failure , so extrapolated gives me 20tb for a 4gb version . [ 1 ] : # 27626
- host c - host d host b should do both source nat and destination nat , so that my request from host a reaches host c and response from host c reaches host a. same way , host c should take care of requests from host b to host d and vice-versa . so , basically , at end of the day ,
: actually i am not using same `.config` files . i will update `.config` of my running kernel ( on the device ) and that of kernel i compiled to make the kernel modules . btw , could you please tell me what are the compatible options or any **references** ?
i have version 1.2.0-beta1 .
i am not getting the latest versions now , i need a repo for ubuntu which might provide me with latest releases without much delay as arch linux does
how do i check that if the file is cr or not ? i remember i created this `` text '' file using the `vi text` command
yes , i did . but could n't find any clue there : s i added a link to the file above .
i am new to linux . i want to increase the swap partition
just got it sorted ! thank you !
yes correct , previous year
, exactly , and that 's the point and the reason why i prefer to wait and look for any alternative solution , because all processes with data still are working in background and due to gnome 's freeze i just ca n't get access to them . as i said , the tty would be helpful but the shortcut does n't work , what can i do ? the sysrq will be the last eventuality i will decide to do . how about ethernet ?
i can do that of course but that does not answer my question ( why rootflags=noatime does n't work )
i want to pass the results to zenity -- text-info
: no , updates are done manually . also , this happens several times per hour when stress testing , and only when stress testing .
edited the question .
oops . i actually forgot i asked that . sorry .
i have not set that variable on any of the distros . i have a feeling there could be a regressive behavior ?
we have integrated imagemagic tool to our cms application i.e adobe cq.this conversion is done part of workflow.when we are uploading any eps file which coverts the eps file to png file.coversion is happening but not able to view the thumbnail for the converted eps file . our application is running on linux operating system.and also we have tested the same in windows operating system , it 's working fine.when we run command-identify tmp/advair_diskus_250.eps identify : no decode delegate for this image format `tmp/advair_diskus_250.eps ' @ error/constitute.c/readimage/552 .
how can i solve the problem ?
: sorry . i 'm using mate . i should have mentioned that before . i 've updated my question . i 'll try your suggestion and reboot a little later .
updated the question with the info i could find .
when connected to the vpn , i can query it and it resolves correctly everything it `` knows '' about , i.e . everything that 's internal to its network . when inside the vpn and asking for something `` external '' , it fails and uses my dns that 's set in /etc/resolv.conf
a has write access to all three folders but b has only access to folder b. but when user a creates any file under folder b , user b not getting access to that folder or file
this syntax is just more familiar to me
thanks for your help - see update to post .
mount | grep games gives following outup //192.168.1.101/media/data/games on /opt/share/shared/games type cifs ( ro , relatime , sec=ntlm , unc=\\192.168.1.101\media , username=me , uid=0 , noforceuid , gid=0 , noforcegid , addr=192.168.1.101 , unix , posixpaths , serverino , acl , rsize=1048576 , wsize=65536 , actimeo=1 )
in my embedded os , these files get removed once it 's work done . hence i would like to know the solution
what 's the difference ?
it 's time consuming , since the libraries and dependencies for them are not available either in many cases .
i ran `ifconfig` on a guest machine and checked that its interface eth0 , indeed , has the ip address 192.168.1.101. the interface inside of virtual machine is called `eth0` , is this right ?
edited , linux . good catch , thanks .
we must maintain nginx as load balancer , we need to set request headers before passing the requests to the web server . for the operation of our application elb is not very useful .
**update : ** after some enquiries i got to learn that the api used for executing the commands were not being executed in the shell , or were not executed with the normal environment available from the console . after executing the commands with the `bin/sh -c `` cd ... '' ` option the problem is no more . this is the environment doing `ssh user @ localhost 'command ... '` gave me.i am not so sure of the technical details , but apparently the existence of the environment available when you execute in your normal shell is not always available to commands executed directly by the os .
yes i am using bash . the while loop condition statement gives an error and other unkniwn line gives *expr : syntax error*
more details : - i am not the administrator - i do n't have access to `/etc/sudoers` - the distribution is centos 7
this question is not duplicated , the good response of @ terdon : ip addr show | awk '/inet . *brd/ { print $ nf ; exit } ' demonstrate that my question was different and the result precise !
it happens when i try to mount the drive
i am running apache2 on my ubuntu server .
# # # another version of man when attempted with another version of `man` the same thing works . $ mkdir mantst $ cd mantst/ $ man ls < -- - works $ rmdir ../mantst/ $ man ls < -- - works $ man -- version man 2.6.3
- yes , i also did check the filename .
-- update -- i tried using testdisk to recover the lost partitions but it said the partition could not be recovered . the exact error is : `the harddisk ( 248gb /223 gib ) seems too small ! ( < 315gb / 294 gib ) check the harddisk size : hd jumpers settigns , bios detection ... ` before i do anything else , i 'm running gddrescue : ddrescue -vr /dev/sda1 /media/backup/recovered_data_blocks.img gddrescue.log this will give me a backup of the partition in case i mess up the actual one . i hate bitter sweet irony , i know better then to allow myself to be in this position !
i guess if there was a way to configure it using regex : each color could have a start regex . and there could be a default color regex to turn off all colors . and , if text `` foo '' appears , display it in a certain color ...
& @ gilles : i hope the info provides what you guys required .
**yes** , i 'm running debian in virtual box with bind and apache . now i want to answers to dns queries coming to my machine ( host os ) through my virtual box debian ( guest os ) .
it 's a mix , they 're using telnet mostly ... it 's an old system used to administer legacy devices on a secure network . no ssh for now . do they all use different methods to log ?
-- - edit aug 11 : it looks like one in maybe twenty boots is successful . i 'm in x now , but i do not dare to reboot . -- - edit aug 15 : ok , i managed to run x on intel gpu - by uninstalling *bumblebee* and adding `nouveau.modeset=0` to kernel parameters . but i still do n't know how to use the nvidia gpu .
not quite , i 'll have to make up a wrapper script for it to work since more than half the commands require sudo access and forcecommand in my experience works better with one command and not a full shell script as the exec param . i 'll post my findings on my blog then link back here so you and all the other readers can follow along .
i use the command `ps -eo 'tty , pid , comm ' | grep ? ` . i get back the following : jameiyolo : hjdsk notes.txt : coyg basically just a bunch of random filenames i 've created and the following lines do n't make any sense to me ( start with `set_keybindings.py ... ` ) .
hello mat , think like this : the second file is joined against the file 1 on column 1 and then the uniq entries are taken from column 2 of file 1. i tried but i think syntactically its not correct , thats what i was asking if its ok or not .
i just want a list returned to me with items on the `` error '' lines . vpd83t3:6006016036c02c00f0bfd3dedd08e211
yes that is the one which is not visible in network-scripts and i do not know why
even i am not sure of `` pkg '' being standad installation . but when i dont have the acess to internet installing from the dvd is the only option , no ?
that 's why i mentioned carp , and in fact i have changed my solution to setting up two of those at the same time .
it 's a pretty standard ubuntu 14.04 lts install.. but i will double check ..
how can i fix this properly ? [ 1 ] :
it 's not really `` process '' , it 's some other names but all start in the same letter and only some show when i use `ls -p | grep -v / | grep p*`
yes that is exactly what i mean . also , it is more of finding a way to automate it .
i 'm not totally sure as the process number keeps incrementing by 1 every error ( from 1 upwards ) .
`dpkg-query : no path found matching pattern /usr/bin/emacs`
new shell , restart , everything !
unfortunately not . it just switches between the windows of the same session .
# testing in different shells * `bash -- norc` : this does n't work . * `sh` : this does n't work . * `zsh` : this works , i.e . the second command registers .
edit : sim was able to find the answer , using the kernel is the only way on the program i 'm using . edit again : sim had the best answer , but he posted it as a comment . i was looking for a way to increase the disk size of my virtual machine using virt-manager , as there is no way to do it through the gui of this program . all i could find online were tutorials on how to do it through different programs ' guis , which was not applicable to virt . hopefully this clarifies what i was asking .
, it was taken from another forum . i think i tried the \n , which works on the linux side , but does n't appear to work in aix
q. wumbley - i can run `dtach` and that works fine . when i run it , a device `/dev/pts/0` is created . but `midnight commander` still gives me the same error as before .
i do n't think so . i only installed it a few hours ago and i gave it a 20gb partition . i have n't downloaded or installed anything additional yet , other than set the keyboard region and timezone . the system was left idle at the command-line prompt .
i am using a gentoo box , and gnome desktop environment . i have little knowledge about how ppp and pppoe stuff working . can anyone give me some advice on where to start ?
they have to use their own uid
sorry , i am such a noob , thanks for hanging with me . for the first command i got : bash : /lib/modules/3.17.4-301.fc21.x86_64/build : no such file or directory and for the second : bash : /usr/src/ : is a directory
i also thought about this , but - on second box there is no such line too , but same command works ...
yes , i will be using c. i generally create my scripts using python on the n900 , but that requires maemo . what i 'm looking to do is build my own kernel for education , and learning .
yes i am using 0.6.21
no it 's not a typo . because a shell script run on subprocess so the main process is waiting for it until it done . however , subprocess run it but the results will not update . so i have been used an alias
i had indeed done exactly this on a ( relatively fresh ) freebsd install . it has since been reinstalled , so i suppose it is now somewhat hypothetical , but i 'm curious about what the best route to recovery would have been if i indeed did have full system present .
and they do n't need to first copy the e.g . : avi files to their pc because they could play them directly from the `` folder '' .
i do n't use `wget` because i have to follow redirects .
: i 've tried both autostart and autostart.sh to no avail . i did n't choose openbox either , it was an accident but i would like to keep it . i do n't have an .xinitrc in ~/ either ?
: i will check that when the file system is back online . currently running badblocks . i also posted some information in a comment to vonbrand .
what is return statement of `` [ $ i -lt 10 ] '' if i=5 @ vikyboss
what details should i provide , exactly ?
i ran `apt list -- upgradable` after an `apt update` , for every package i got `packagename/unstable , testing version ... ` . the versions were actually those of packages in sid .
it does n't display anything .
how can i check , i am on ubuntu 10.04 lts
updated my original post with this info .
output of `uname -a` : > linux version 2.6.18-308.24.1.el5 ( mockbuild @ builder17.centos.org ) ( gcc version 4.1.2 20080704 ( red hat 4.1.2-52 ) ) # 1 smp tue dec 4 17:43:34 est 2012
i think that might make it worse . then when he rests his head there , there 's no telling what \
it says file not found . foldername/fla.*image . *file.jpg wild card is suppose to expand and find the file fla2image1file.jpg
my output for $ lang lang=de_de.utf-8 echo `` testwtest '' | od -c 0000000 t e s t 357 254 202 305 222 303 206 313 230 313 206 304 0000020 261 342 200 272 342 200 272 342 227 212 342 200 271 304 261 303 0000040 223 303 214 313 207 313 206 303 201 303 223 313 206 357 254 202 0000060 303 214 313 206 342 204 242 313 207 303 217 313 206 304 261 303 0000100 215 303 223 303 214 304 261 303 223 w 303 214 t e s t 0000120 \n 0000121
he was using gnome . iirc the login manager looked the same as the default one just with a new option to login with this system , but i could be wrong
so true , @ stphanechazelas . it appears that i 'm missing `ld-linux` !
yeah sorry , meant `` was n't '' . and ca n't post the script , do n't want to get fired x ) unhelpful ... i know
i did not , what are the steps to rebuild it in rhel for crypttab ? i can only find instructions for non red hat based systems .
i want to extract the ip without cut , awk and other similar tools im using right now
perl one liner because it 's part of another shell script so tiny call will be better i guess ( suggest please )
on a particular system that i have shelled into . i want to be able to see which ports are active pertaining to each firewall
edit : when computers ssh each other they use eth0 or eth1 . when computer ( which containers are in ) tries to connect to containers it uses loopback . now lets assume we have two different computer , comp1 and comp2 , which are in the same network a cisco modem that do not have internet connection . i can connect from comp1 to comp2 by ; 'ssh username @ comp2-ip' but i can not connect comp2 's linux containers which are in the loopback . i want to connect them as easy as i connect comp2 . is there a way ?
no vinz . i 'm looking for that !
no , i didnt . that seems to be what i want . can you post that as an answer ?
i did n't touch to the debian entry so the installer would have made it wrong ? i edited my post with tree efi
no nis ypcat return error domain not set , and i not set because i do n't use nis
not in my case , no . it 's just that it is a bit complicated to change this in the current setup , and i thought that creating an initramfs using dracut would be a simple task that solved the problem until i manage to repartition the machine .
i do n't think so ... i have netctl which use wpa_supplicant ... i discovered that there 's also another network , which is securised by wpa . i can put login using my credentials that i should put in the login page for the open network , but i still ca n't access the web ... tried with my phone : it works ...
i do n't think so . still , i tried with absolute paths and it did n't work .
1 . `error : chdir ( /var/mail/vhosts/user/julie/ ) failed : permission denied` . 2.`/var/mail/` is owned by user `vhosts` but all the files in the `mail/vhosts` directory are owned by `user` . 3. yes
it turns out i had an issue with my dotfiles , in my `.bash_promp` i removed the following and all is well : `if [ [ $ colorterm = gnome-* & & $ term = xterm ] ] & & infocmp gnome-256color > /dev/null 2 > & 1 ; then export term=gnome-256color elif infocmp xterm-256color > /dev/null 2 > & 1 ; then export term=xterm-256color fi` . still different but it does n't just make everything red .
i am not having the issue anymore . i am not sure how it disappeared . i do think the bug was removed by some update in cinnamon some time ago . if your system is not up-to-date , i urge you to update to see if the bug is removed . ( since i changed my laptop a few weeks ago , i can not perform tests anymore . )
, it does n't have to be a txt file . it can be any type of file . i just want to save the output to any file for debugging purposes ( instead of going through php 's actual error log ) .
lang=en_us.utf-8 language=en_us
here is the log ; osmc @ osmc : ~/downloads $ cat nzbget.log sun may 1 06:38:44 2016 info nzbget 16.4 daemon-mode sun may 1 06:38:44 2016 info nzbget 16.4 daemon-mode sun may 1 06:38:45 2016 info nzbget 16.4 daemon-mode sun may 1 06:38:45 2016 info nzbget 16.4 daemon-mode sun may 1 06:38:46 2016 info nzbget 16.4 daemon-mode
tnx for your attention , it is not only clear , some commands not work . as example which.i echo $ path and you can see what i have .
# # system.status docker.service result > docker.service timed out . terminating . > failed to start docker application container engine > unit docker.service entered failed state
yes that is correct as well . a fixed number is required . i will update the question .
hi.. thanks for confirming this is not possible , blujay . do you want to make your comment an answer ? i 'll be happy to accept . it 's not the answer i want.. .but it is cold hard reality it seems ; ^ ) if anyone knows the url of the bug for the wishlist item , please post.. i will certainly upvote it.. it seems like a really useful feature to have . anyway.. thanx again .
i have added the detailed output to the question as you suggested . the problem persists .
it 's a usb keyboard with embbeded firmware ( strix tactic pro )
as i said it 's my final year project , so trying it this way will take me too long , and if it did n't work i 've to work again and i wo n't be having further time . so i 'm looking forward if someone can put me on the right track from beginning .
not using hibernation at all , just suspend to ram .
`chmod +x /` did the trick thanks , also this one helped :
**edit : ** *ldap.conf contents* # # ldap defaults # # see ldap.conf ( 5 ) for details # this file should be world readable but not world writable . # base dc=example , dc=com # uri ldap : //ldap.example.com ldap : //ldap-master.example.com:666 # sizelimit 12 # timelimit 15 # deref never uri ldap : //192.168.1.10/ base dc=xxx , dc=xxx # tls_cacertdir /etc/openldap/cacerts
edit : here are some sample file names . the ones with a star ( * ) next to them are the only ones that should be copied . 1450366623-20151217-109x300.png 1450366623-20151217-150x150.png 1450366623-20151217-372x1024.png 1450366623-20151217-600x1650.png 1450366623-20151217.png* image-3-1024x768.jpeg image-3-150x150.jpeg image-3-225x300.jpeg image-3-300x225.jpeg image-3-600x450.jpeg image-3-600x800.jpeg image-3-768x1024.jpeg image-3-768x576.jpeg image-3.jpeg* img_0939-1-1024x768.jpg img_0939-1-150x150.jpg img_0939-1-300x225.jpg img_0939-1-600x450.jpg img_0939-1-768x576.jpg img_0939-1-e1451106610990-150x150.jpg img_0939-1-e1451106610990-225x300.jpg img_0939-1-e1451106610990-600x800.jpg img_0939-1-e1451106610990-768x1024.jpg img_0939-1-e1451106610990.jpg img_0939-1.jpg* edit 2 : i said that the images are organized in month/year folders , which i 'm sure means it should just be recursive . however , there are other folders next to 2015 that i would prefer do n't get copied . when these pictures are copied , is it possible to copy the folder structure also ?
that would n't be useful for me personally . but for general usefulness to people , i was looking for `` as many oses as possible '' . i 'll change the question to that .
i think i am not clear in my question @ leiaz i am asking about the hardware which helps us to present like this product
that 's exactly what i 'm doing , but the time does n't automatically change on dst .
of course . the point is to check permissions on all files created/modified in sessions . session 1 : user 1000 creates file x ; session 2 as user 2000 : run `sudo find ... ` to open access to user 2000 to files created by user 1000 in session 1 ; session 3 as user 3000 : run `sudo find ... ` to open access to files created in session 2 ( as you point out , session 1 's files should still be available ) ...
there is no specific output when i run that command fahads-mbp : bin fahad $ chmod +x arm-eabi-gcc fahads-mbp : bin fahad $
how is the log kept for dpkg.log ? thats what i have a hard time understanding
no other colors are affected . i 'll check the terminals in a few , that seems like a promising direction .
i ran directory permissions 'chmod 700 ~/.ssh ' & 'chmod 600 ~/.ssh/* ' . in sshd_conf is basically everything commented out.. what info do you need @ vfbsilva ?
you have never heard of multi core processors ? and you do n't know a robust work-station can have 30 , 40 or more quad-core processors ? and instead of looking it up - you say `` what '' ? good response jodka . thank you - your help is appreciated .
do you mean the roms or the dqn ? i have tried several roms so they should be ok , and the dqn has been run successfully by other people .
edit : i has been suggested to be that i 'm running a 64bit from a 32bit , i went to the other post , and tested my distro : ~ $ uname -m x86_64
i used this simple example ,
mmmm it is definitely not consistently reproducible . i am going to use /bin/ls henceforth . @ warl0ck i do not understand what your question means ? i am running ls on a standard bash shell .
i want to check if given text is the output of ls -l command , so i 'd like to test it with explicit regex match for file permissions .
yes on both
that 's the default string that debian created , i do n't think i should change that . also appending 2 or 3 to the end of that line seems a bit strange . i was just testing and if i login , edit grub , update grub and reboot , while the edits are there grub does n't seem to pay attention to the changes . honestly i 'd just like the laptop to boot up and go to the login screen instead of booting up , editing kernel string , logging in , then doing startx .
not working , will mount itself on top .
i am using ivan as client user ( the one that connects to the server ) and i just change the ssh user @ ip ... i use the same key for both users so i have access to this key . @ maniat1k i am sure i do not have a typo because i tried to move the content from `root/authorized_keys` to `test.com/authorized_keys` , they are identical . @ slm i used -vvv and i showed the important output at my question . @ gilles when try to connect nothing is showing in auth.log . when i am prompted for password i cancel the login attempt and i see this result : `sshd [ 9138 ] : connection closed by *.*.* . * [ preauth ] `
the output of `ls -lah /mnt` above says `/mnt` is 16k .
: no reverse ; arabic and persian numberic is left-to-right like european digit , , only alphabet is write right-to-left
well , funny - chromium said `` using not supported flag -- no-sandbox '' which clearly states that it **is** supported : ) with no-sandbox it started - leaving nice 52mb log to check . regarding second comment - in point b ) i 've tried running `sudo strace -straceflags chromium -chromiumflags` but chromium did n't even start .
i do n't , it 's a side effect of me working on windows : ( hope i will run away soon
**edit** what i really want is to see the past processes . my system crashed & i want to know if a specific process was the main reason . i search into all /var/log logs , but nothing , the only suspect in this were some apache logs , where i found some kind of scans ... so now i want to check out for all processes running at that time .
using linux tools
- i did try softlinks , but started to get permissions problems that made me think twice ... i never thought of the change root 's home dir though ... hmmm ... .
: the config was initially created by nvidia-xconfig as described above . if i drop the modline the mode will not be defined , but i will try it .
thank you @ otheus . i wish to avoid `for` loops as they are quite slow in bash . letting the c code within bash do iterations performs much better . regex and parameter expansion accomplish that here . if i only needed to do this at script startup ( the usual case ) , this would not be worth the effort . but this function is called by any other function that takes options ( of which there are many ) so performance is important .
i vacuumed all the ventilation exhausts just a week ago . and this overheating issue has been a problem ever since i bought this computer ( as new ) but i did n't start worrying until yesterday seeing the melting spots .
i think it 's the intel 8042 keyboard , i 'm working with my laptop keyboard
i do n't want to fork an external program ; i want to change the rules of the syscall itself .
what exactly do you mean ? can i check this in any way ? i 'm running `arch linux` . and `systemd` is [ the default ] ( since `2012-10-13` . i installed my os this summer . does this answer your question ?
yes
`filesystem 1k-blocks used available use % mounted on /dev/sda3 68643776 55656960 12986816 82 % /mnt/data` where is the issue ?
here you are : machine : system : dell product : inspiron 5423 serial : 2l87mw1 , mobo : dell model : 0f45cw v : a13 serial : .2l87mw1.cn7620638n008z . bios : dell v : a13 date : 05/18/2013
erm kind of a mix of bad grammar and back acronyms ? so pretty hard to decipher but if i read you right : no , it was not an issue due to the host misreporting the size of the logical volume to the guest , because vmware suffers from that misreporting issue , hyper-v does not . and this is hyper-v baremetal host . also , it is a fresh virtual machine , how cent 0s 6.6 sets out 2tb by default - which is ridiculously stupid
i tried sudo but it does n't help . here my mount result for the partition : /dev/sdb1 on /media/daten type vfat ( rw , nosuid , nodev , uid=1000 , gid=1000 , shortname=mixed , dmask=0077 , utf8=1 , showexec , flush , uhelper=udisks )
**edit** as requested below , the output of root @ foobar : /etc/ssh $ groups baz baz : nburoot exepcted would be `baz` as group ... so now i need to check why the group is wrong ( even though `/etc/groups` has it right ) . maybe pam , nsswitch , ... anyway , i have an idea now .
yes , the user is the user who runs the command
thanks for the comment @ archemar . when i booted the vm this morning the established connection was gone . i assume there is a time threshold defined somewhere that removes the entry after a certain period of time ?
prohibited from installing anything .
no reason , apart from lack of experience . any alternatives are welcome ...
i 'm on xfce4 terminal , shell bash
, sorry it was a typo , thanks for pointing it out : )
the problem is caused by filename expansion before regular expression . my working directory contains a file prefixd by fil , but not a file prefixed by abc , so fil* is replaced by the filename , but abc* is unchanged .
how would that happen ? i suspect it 's more likely a false positive on luks finding as already has been suggested here . i recall experimenting with cryptsetup on this drive prior to the final implementation and it could be remnants of that . i 'll keep seeking for more luks hits .
chmod +x ./* chmod : can not access ./folder : input/output error . tryed with sudo as well and got the same error ...
maybe , but hard to answer that question . nice to have a script that interrogates the major dhcpc type daemons . networkmanager `` appeared '' to be disabled using its gui interface but its service was running . also had a gui for dhcpd called `` network configurator 0.6.0 '' in the taskbar but it also said dhcpcd was not running . the only thing that changed was that the kernel was updated and it might be working now , but will have to test more .
there is nothing that mentions my user . there is `root all= ( all ) all` .
, the mysql configuration file location is specific to rhel .
: can you give me an example please ?
actually i 'm a beginner in linux . i 've windows 7 and i am accessing linux through vmware player . my oracle is installed on windows 7. is there any way to connect my database directly from linux ?
hmm , interesting . i am converting to `us-ascii` . i will check it out whether `ascii` is a better transliteration target .
i have also tried x11displayoffset 10 , makes no difference , this examples the x11displayoffset is just 12 by coincidence .
yes , a laptop ( lenovo x1 carbon gen 4 ) .
dear kiwy , sorry my out put file shoul be same as input but removing all spaces .
i 've updated my question with more details . the resume partition is pointing to the swap partition .
why is my ip address necessary ( sorry i 'm paranoid , i posted on hear a few months ago and some guy got control of my machine and destroyed it ) .
i have both those files when working with `emacs` , but grep have no problem with ` # file # ` . i have this problem with any file so it does n't matter what name it have just pick random one .
its an 'nfs ' mounted disk . i checked this after running df -t
july to october
midnight commander copy worked fine . cp might , too . will try later to confirm
yeah , the limit is at 4k per line . so if your data ( fduff ) has new lines , then that does n't count , it 's not a problem . lgeorget : yes i could use xclip or a desktop text editor to paste it in , save it , upload it to the server that way - it 's just a long way round ( this is the way i have done it , but i 'd like to know if it was possible another way ) !
oh yea well i was n't sure but i 'll try this then . my professor was n't very specific
the uris will all be in `a href` html tags like : `link text` . there is n't a scheme of how the uris are stored in each file , there may be _n_ uris per file and they may be wherever in the files . expected output should be a list with values separated by new line character like : magnet : ? xt ... ... . magnet : ? xt ... ... . magnet : ? xt ... ... .
i wanted different/multiple ips . i forgot i can assign it `lo` device !
i am doing that right now bernhard . : ) i was just hoping there was something like csshx for this also .
yeah the space in between the pipes is required . please remember i am clueless so lets say my doc is in gedit format and is called mydoc and i want to put it into a file called mydoc2 . would i then use the command as above as . mydoc tr \\n \| > mydoc2 ? ? ?
nothing - the only functional terminal is f8 - the mdm terminal .
just checking it , thanks
i tried : emacs24 -- geometry 80x24 and , in .xresources : emacs*geometry : 80x24 and i tried : emacs -q -- no-site-file none of these changed the behavior . i ran the precise command : /usr/bin/emacs24 -q -- no-site-file -- geometry 80x24 and i still got an expanded window . i suspect some sort of cinnamon auto-expansion , but i ca n't find any relevant setting . the current version of cinnamon on mint 17.1 is : cinnamon 2.4.8
i edited my question .
i expect 2 - 10 lines of output from each file .
i 've updated the question now .
bash ( tag added above ) .
thanks . yes i know it is there on ubuntu trusty . but can not upgrade as the software that we are using needs to be upgraded too and that will take a lot of time . so now i have resigned myself to seeing if i can upgrade on 12.04 via packages on 14.04 as a test cases at least
not found an answer as yet ... can confirm that the firewall is switched off on the qemu host ... so it 's not that ...
: thanks for your attention . i added the example files .
i do n't know how to make script . i am a very new linux user .
yes , exactly . i think lightdm uses for some reasons an american keyboard layout ( for example `` - '' on my keyboard becomes `` / '' ) . but if i login without lightdm and start cinnamon everything works fine .
yes , i 've install the atheros package , but not work there no errors ! just not work the wireless , just in the cable !
in the following strings i would like to match everything until the first space : foo-bar | baz-xyz-123 |
yes the one which start from 2 .
it 's elementary 's system settings .
: correct origscript and startstopscript should be the same . i 've edit my post accordingly . no need to have an os check since this script will only be run on mac 's , since the original script works out of the box on linux .
ahh thanks ... /usr/sbin/ss did the trick ! thanks tink ; )
sorry i think i did n't make it clear . i want to use command line with least complicated to find duplicated files .
why not ? do you have recommendations for learning sql ?
i 'm using `open vpn access server` that makes easier the configuration of `openvpn` , that was the explation . but this script solved my problem i do n't use the `openvpn as` anymore . thanks for your reply anyway .
0 not upgraded . root @ vitor-pc : ~ # lang=c apt-get install gimp reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done some packages could not be installed . this may mean that you have requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable distribution that some required packages have not yet been created or been moved out of incoming . the following information may help to resolve the situation : the following packages have unmet dependencies : gimp : depends : libgegl-0.2-0 ( > = 0.2.0 ) but it is not going to be installed e : unable to correct problems , you have held broken packages . and
it says that the disk has too many bad sectors , i click on it , the message disappears , but the icon just stays there .
requested bit added .
i 'm on amd64 , and only need to install the 64-bit version
just httpd.conf has the includes . all the other ones do not . although i did not check in /conf.modules.d
yes , you were absolutely right . thank you . might you provide an answer ?
i tried changing time_unix to time_ascii as the env shows it as time_ascii . after doing this i got the error `` date : invalid date ' @ ' '' thanks to a post down below i am getting the env printed in the log file .
copy & paste ; on typing mistake i 'll fix it .
the cp210x driver is part of the linux kernel . what firmware would i need to load ? never had to load any firmware for this driver before , so i 'm not even sure how i would do it , if it is needed on chrubuntu . thanks
it is wpa2 personal
/usr/libexec/gcc/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/4.7.3/cc1 -e -quiet -v - -march=corei7-avx -mcx16 -msahf -mno-movbe -maes -mpclmul -mpopcnt -mno-abm -mno-lwp -mno-fma -mno-fma4 -mno-xop -mno-bmi -mno-bmi2 -mno-tbm -mavx -mno-avx2 -msse4.2 -msse4.1 -mno-lzcnt -mno-rdrnd -mno-f16c -mno-fsgsbase -- param l1-cache-size=32 -- param l1-cache-line-size=64 -- param l2-cache-size=8192 -mtune=corei7-avx
i 'm not sure ... how would i check ?
neither , as i was under the impression that if you set `forwardx11 yes` in `~/.ssh/config` then `-x` or `-y` were no longer needed ?
output of `locale -a` : c c.utf-8 de_de.utf8 en_ag en_ag.utf8 en_au.utf8 en_bw.utf8 en_ca.utf8 en_dk.utf8 en_gb.utf8 en_hk.utf8 en_ie.utf8 en_in en_in.utf8 en_ng en_ng.utf8 en_nz.utf8 en_ph.utf8 en_sg.utf8 en_us.utf8 en_za.utf8 en_zm en_zm.utf8 en_zw.utf8 posix
i only want to get the 2nd last column , only the numbers
: many thanks for having a look into this . in my case ( running kubuntu 14.04.3 lts based on debian jessie/sid ) it remains mysterious to me , which process occupies pts/0 . it is not listed in the output oft the command `` who -a `` .
nice trick - thank-you . i was trying to think of a way of verifying that an init script was run .
on the same router there are multiple laptops with linux . so i checked the txpower and usually it goes 20-22 .
i 've come across the term while searching for a solution on a forum .
nope , just chrome / chromium .
i thought that this syntax is used to specify the order , but on a server anywhere else i can not use it .
they are named by their timestamp ( astrophysical data ) , and unfortunately they can not be renamed due to blackbox programs that assume their filename structure .
not with a live cd i unmounted /home and then i tried to shrink it . the problem is for now i ca n't boot with linux , right now i 'm making a live usb to reinstall grub on the mbr and to have access to a command prompt
i. e. : txt xy tar
the only other script that should be running is nickcolor , and previously when this would happen , i was running no scripts .
thanks for that , @ marco - have n't used `vim` much , as i find it a bit difficult ( am a `nano` user in the terminal myself ) , but it 's definitely worth a try , now that i have a reference to `tohtml` ; cheers !
thanks for the feedback . i added a link to the manpage that matches the version of kill i 'm dealing with . ( if i read that correctly the feature was introduced by salvatore valente , which i did n't notice before . i suppose i could email him , but that seems presumptuous when there must be a changelog out there somewhere . )
yes , that is my intent @ pqnet . my apologies for the delay , i had to step out .
thanks cas and bsd for that link . i can probably adapt * if [ `` $ vara '' = 1 ] & & { [ `` $ varb '' = `` t1 '' ] || [ `` $ varc '' = `` t2 '' ] ; } ; then * and move the braces .
thanks . i 've pasted the error message . i tried using qemu-img , but it too complains about now being able to work with qemu2 .
yes it 's the same . after switching to full paths instead of relative , it works . thanks to yomismo
yes i tried doing 'set netdata on ' and 'set options on ' and got replies saying they were set , then i tried telnetting to a random ip and port and after i got the no route to host i checked my test.txt file but it was still blank . i also set permissions to 777 .
- yes , i could live with that . i see occasional failures anyways , like if github is having trouble with its service .
yes only text in the file
can you please explain this portion `` oracle_sid= '' '' $ var '' ?
do n't know , but it would not be obvious to me how . as far as i understand `xargs` would make the input lines from the file string arguments for the command . but i need the opposite .
meet me on chat , i ca n't paste here as i finished all capacity .
i am starting to suspect that this is a 2.6 vs. 3.x issue since the virtualised server instance reports the 2.6.32 kernel and my development machine is running 3.2.0-55. i would like to know for sure though . in both cases `/etc/issue` reports the same os .
i 'm running ubuntu 10.04 .
what is the single user mode ? anyway i think i deleted accidentally libraries while untaring something . in any case the provider booted from recovery and got in replacing missing libraries so now working .
for example i can use this command to change the name of the destination file using suffix : rsync -- append -arzvv -- backup -- suffix='_2015_09_10 ' /path/to/src/file /path/to/dst but i would like to attach the time stamp as a prefix , so in the destination we will have some thing like : 2015_09_10_file instead of file_2015_09_10 .
i have a couple of programs that i would like to run as my user , but which require more privileges than i want to grant to my user as a whole . for example , virtualbox needs direct access to my hard drive to boot my windows partition , but i definitely do n't want any random program to be able to scribble all over my hard drive . my first approach was to create a separate user for running virtualbox , but that created many difficulties that would be avoided through this approach .
chown adam : brown /var/blarg/toast.file chmod 777 /var/blarg/toast.file
sure i can reset my router but i am asking for a nice way to write for-loops which can brute force my router .
i do n't seem to have the 'pidof ' command , as i 'm currently running this on a solaris box .
whereas other questions here address how to find out which linux distro is being used , here i only need to know if i 'm running on macos or linux , and the solutions for knowing the linux distro are n't available on macos .
`/usr/bin/systemctl` does n't exists .
nope . i 've always been an init.d guy , and i 'm learning a lot today . : )
a friend loaned it out to me , but i do n't get it why this matters ... i 'll try this with desktop linux at the weekend . got any other ideas ?
yes , the installed packages with `libinput` in their name are `libinput.x86_64` and `xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64` .
thanks for your answer ! the web browser which i 'm currently using stores the history of browsing not in file but in ram memory , i 'm looking for it , so i think i should also search in swap file , which is almost full of data . some more you can read here-this is what exactly i want to access swap for :
i 've seen it written that way in some docs . is that incorrect ? changed it , since official docs do n't capitalize .
i ask for centos 6.3 thank you
a set of packages are related to `libgtk-x11-2.0.so.0 = > **not found**` and they 're same two packages i expalin in my post ,
sadly no . reason is that i want to preserve both ( the new-target is actually itself a symlink to the original-target and i want other directories to refer to the symlink as opposed to the original-target itself ) .
`systemctl status motd` says : motd.service loaded : masked ( /dev/null ) active : inactive ( dead )
. thanks ! you are right i am trying to do so . any suggestion ?
i would like to setup the system so that a user do n't have to use the command line ( the shutdown command is invoked from a menu ) .
updates : -- -- -- -- interestingly , running ***`logrotate -f /etc/logrotate.conf`*** creates the rotation gzip files ! [ root @ gec logrotate.d ] # ls -lrth /usr/local/tomcat/logs/cata* -rw-r -- r -- 1 root root 398 dec 4 17:48 /usr/local/tomcat/logs/catalina.2015-12-04.log -rw-r -- r -- 1 root root 1.1m dec 23 17:26 /usr/local/tomcat/logs/catalina.out-20151223.gz -rw-r -- r -- 1 root root 109k dec 23 17:27 /usr/local/tomcat/logs/catalina.out however , how do i know whether the daily cron job will work ?
-- - edit : i have tested it now on three different servers with a designated script . on all servers i ended up reaching 3333 pipes in one command with eval . hope this helps that someone can help me ; - )
not really . i want the diff to be performed with the exact same algorithm that watch uses , and shown in the same way ( with differences highlighted in reverse video ) . i have taken a look at the implementation in watch and seems to be very small and specific ( not a library , as i initially thought ) . it is just a loop over all characters in the array , and straight 1 to 1 comparison of characters . quite easy to implement in any language , but i would like to avoid reinventing the wheel .
nope , sorry . but as per janus ' comment you may be able to first convert both videos to mpeg ( at 100 % quality ) , concatenate them , then re-encode in your desired format . i never bothered though ...
nope , that is definitely not the case , since i can access the vps itself via ssh . also , this behavior is not just for ssh . even if i forward a port that is running some other service ( http based for instance ) i see the same behavior , i can access it from within the vps , but not from a remote machine .
is there a remote file-browser that can handle huge directories ?
yes sure , but now i can not reboot anymore , since the command is missing and the thing is on a remote server . else i 'd reinstalled a 64 bit image .
awk is required
ah , i 'd used quotes when i tested . did n't realize < ( ) is parseable mid-string as long as it 's not quoted . thanks ! ( also , if you post your response as an answer , will mark it )
that dir is located on the router .
-rw-r -- r -- 1 root wheel 46 aug 3 14:04 /etc/paths this is the output i made a mistake with the q/s its paths not path
unfortunately not . here it is the second line . i could take the two first lines if needed .
thanks @ d_bye , i had to restart the apache server , and that worked .
thank you @ zagrism for showing me the mistakes . i have fixed the point no . 3 and ponit no . 4 of your 1st comment . that means : fixed the 1st link and fixed the 2 screenshots .
no errors message with pop up .
, spot on , thanks . i 've expanded your comment into an answer , below .
pudlk : suspend to disk is a bit different , it simply writes the ram content into a free space in the swap area , and this ( and un-suspend ) is probably much faster . i ca n't try as it does n't work with encrypted swap .
a\ appends the text on the newline .
i made the file executable . and all i 'm doing is `./test.sh` in the directory of the file inside `m-x shell` of emacs .
yes , ip is from dhcp .
ga-ep35-ds4
i didnt install them . i am working on the site these files are in but i am not familiar with the site or server .
thanks leonbloy . i have corrected the error message . i am running in virtualbox . this is happening with root and newly created user also
**edit** /var/log/cups/error_log d [ 03/jan/2016:10:38:42 +0100 ] [ job 155 ] running command line for gs : gs -q -dnopause -dbatch -dsafer -sdevice=ps2write -soutputfile= % stdout -dlanguagelevel=2 -r600 -dcompress fonts=false -dnot3ccitt - dnointerpolate -c 'save pop ' -f /tmp/00f93568f5865
i have two python version 2.7 and 3.0 i want to preserve both
i hope that the solution works even when ` $ 1` and ` $ 2` are strings not just made of digits , but also made of letters and digits .
i do n't have access to the nfs server
nope , i did not realize that .
alright . so perhaps the grub in my bootable mint thumb drive is seeing ubuntu and going for it , rather than being somehow tied to it 's own drive ? so maybe if i try to install osx it will not do the same thing ? what more information can i possibly give ? i really really do n't want to be stuck with ubuntu .
[ left-hand side ] (
maybe i explained it badly lol yes every time i power up the linux device it powers up fine.. except for the 3rd time ... in which it will reboot upon starting
i tried this . this would try to get to the `/bar/foo` on client machine `b` , not on server `a` .
people upload the pdf 's via web interface all the uploaded pdf 's stored in the directory at some instance some script or malicious files upload via web just rename to .pdf extension.in that case its harmful for server so i need to script which scan the file type of uploaded whether its have valid content or not
for one , i could use ctrl-z to suspend vim for a moment , do something in the shell , then `fg` to bounce back into vim . another example , i have a rails server running in one window . occasionally i 'd like to stop the server , do something in that window , then start the server up again . both these scenarios require the window to have been initialized as a shell session .
to install a package witch caled [ `gnupg-curl` ] ( by debian .
i 've updated the question with the results you wanted ... it does n't seem to suggest anything much further though ... what do you reckon ?
when i do `ls` in `tcsh` it gives the desired output . how can i get this to occur in `bash` without using any arguments ?
added to the question 's body .
the output is still empty , but i 'm sure that netcat returned matching string
the database creation command and
edit : i tried to enter recovery mode by holding down left shift during boot , and it allowed me to select a recovery mode ( up to ubuntu , with linux 2.6.32-74-server ) , but this just runs a few things and then takes me straight back to the useless prompts above . edit2 : i 've just realized that i 'm an idiot and the fsck from ... is actually from the alt+f7 console , and the randomly placed cursor/hda error is from the installation dialog ( alt+f1 )
- the problem is , that `syslog` and `dmesg` are flooded with useless debugging logs , and thereby making real warnings and errors easier to overlook . besides , `dmesg` and `syslog` should be read by humans ( i.e . the administrator ) . that is their whole purpose .
because of this is not a ubuntu os its networking is a bit different.i just added some network files to the post
watch from procps-ng 3.3.9
`` some log parsers.. break '' exactly why i dared n't change it ! thanks for the tip , will check the man pages for whatever i 'm using ...
what is it that i actually do to override the terminal 's color settings ?
i tried `pstree` and could n't get it to produce meaningful output , i think `pstree $ $ ` just produced `bash -- pstree` not exactly what i was looking for .
the image created by live-build does not have a esp . i did try to add this manually but without success . i will look into this a bit more , any hints ?
$ echo $ shell /bin/bash $ /bin/bash -- version gnu bash , version 4.3.24 ( 1 ) -release ( i486-pc-gnu ) copyright ( c ) 2013 free software foundation , inc. license gplv3+ : gnu gpl version 3 or laterthis is free software ; you are free to change and redistribute it . there is no warranty , to the extent permitted by law .
# update using a for loop in bash script generates desired output but prints all output in a single line . for output in $ ( find -name `` data.csv '' ) do sed -n 2p $ output done
you know lawyers and other legal hobbyists have access to the internet right ? and asking here is free , and quick .
netstat -pant |grep :22 has output , included above . netstat -ntp |grep :22 does not have output . also included above .
using mail or mailx .
yes , i should have mentioned that . as practice , i always work on sites-available and symlink what 's ready on sites-enabled ( which is what i did this case ) .
i am actually using a newer version , i will update the post . i am using a virtualenv and pip , is there something that i have to configure that will export what i need for me ? i still have to do it manually every time
**edit : ** `vim` or `emacs` will be fine also . i do not mind the text editor . also i would like to do this without install x , or any gui stuff of any sort . **edit : ** by `terminal` what i understand is the black window with the $ symbol , which is what you get with the default debian install . its using bash , and i use ssh to remote into it .
i 'm only seeing the ` ! ` being used for a single group on a single server out of 10+ i currently manage . for the simplicity of some checking scripts , always having the same char there would clear up things . well , if it actually means the same , of course .
it turned out that `pkg install xorg` fixed the issue entirely . it was not obvious that would be required since one would think the necessary dependencies would have been installed with 'gnome2 ' .
yes . thanks - i did n't know i could do that .
-- - **update : ** here is the output of `bash -x` : ( way too long to paste here )
definitely seeing file names . i think the remote machine is running centos
it is a partition
yeah , i saw that but thats not what i want to do . i want to keep the string and maybe edit a folder and then change back the modification date etc .
yes for example inkscape
yes . i tried that . but i do n't know what to do .
i want to deal with file deletion . i am using ext4 filesystem . this is part of an assignment in a course called cyber forensics . however , my teacher does n't know how to perform this task . we are being asked to use ready-made tools for recovery , which does n't make any sense for us as students , as we do n't get to see the source . so , i want to be able to write an equivalent recovery tool .
yes , i am
centos and opensuse
it 's not server hardware it 's a desktop system i 'm going to install fog on to image some machines . if it does n't exist i 'll use lubuntu .
well two files are always going to have the same name since it 's karaoke music , one is in cdg format and the other in mp3 . they should all stay .
default gnome , gnome shell 3.8.4. it 's a pretty fresh install , i did only install synergy and steam on this box . otherwise it 's a fresh netinst , sources changed to jessie and then dist-upgrade..
that 's why i 'm asking on here : i 'm a java programmer !
i don t know realy , how to check that ?
i imagine that 's only info obtainable - afaik there is no such thing like user agent for email clients ( edit : and timestamp , of course , which helps to pinpoint the user )
mitha - sunk costs mostly , also i 'm not sure how long it would take me to learn enough python to do this task effectively can you recommend any good resources to get started ?
before the phurcase i checked a link in the site where i bought there was the list of centos with both versions 6.x and 7 but after the phurcase in the installation i found only 7.version.and server is just installed its new.my only problem is the web panel of centos that is not supported with centos7
this is the copied error message i received file 'passwd.bylogin ' matches specified command file does not match output -k1 is the user who owns the process
harris , thank you for your comment . yes , i can login to the machine . could you please assist me ?
there is no such line in my file , but that is a valid concern . to make it more general , maybe we can search lines that start with atom and end with h ?
`mount` say me what he can not read superblock so i 've use `e2fsck` for start with some alternate superblock and try to use all superblocks from `mke2fs` output . also i 've try `mount -f -t ext4 /dev/sda3 tempdir` . `testdisk` not found any partitions what can be useful for me . now i still have zero result .
like i said , i tried `xforcevesa nomodeset` at the end of the `linux` line . would i need to try `nomodeset xforcevesa` ?
to sync failure
edit : i guess it most be somehow correlated with a system reboot . can i somehow find out by looking at the log files what happened ?
i did n't know about `expect` ! i new about `xdotool` for x , but not about `expect` for terminal ! thanks !
the reboot does have the same effect , and so does a shutdown + turn on . also , when everything is normal , the fan starts easily on low speed as well .
thanks @ cuonglm . it 's not an option for reasons that i ca n't easily explain . i need to do it when , and only when i connect using this alias .
it seems that 15.6 % of cpu time is spent on waiting . wait for what ?
. i just wan na use the commands that i just learned for text processing on this small 'script ' .
the start date is the system date when the script starts . the end date is the system date when the script ends . i suppose i am using ksh93 ( how can i verify that ? ? ) .
i do n't know about any of this but i got this thing as a present and just want to use internet : /
, but this did n't work
i ended up marking the current solution as accepted , with the recommended test for existence , as , even though the other solution worked for a directory , it did not work from the top level . my thanks to everyone involved .
you can make an answer where you give examples what you mean if you . it so much easier to read things in answers .
a screenshot of the type of tabs i want to modify !
eht0 interface does n't support scanning .
debian jessie .
certainly wish i did n't , but i tried my other options ( -15 etc ) and the rails server gets truly stuck
why should i need to manually adjust how disk space is allocated ? is n't that the whole point of a filesystem ?
that 's the thing ! i created a swap space on sda8 and installed on sda9 . i 'll run repair again and i 'll paste here the result again . give me some minutes ( thanks for the patience btw )
the bookmarks point to some directories on my local file system . there is no network involved .
, i am trying to find the maximum sum possible for the `key2` column . so , as per the output that i have showed , we are getting the maximum sum as 37.2. but , when i use awk command as you suggested , the maximum sum i get is 28.6 .
the same directory as script.py thats where all files are .
yes it has some industrial ethernet cards
: yes , that would work only for commands that run and stop .
verified , and added that information into the question .
a package failed to install . trying to recover :
`dpkg -l | grep linux-image` did not turn up any results
they do n't record long term stats , or they do n't show breakdown by tcp/udp ports , or they do n't show stats based on hosts . these tools lack one or two of the features i need .
standard ibm or intel compatible computer .
- the difference you mentioned . it sounds right . i think it 's the same thing i mean by ` ... || { command || ( command list ) ; } ` but i 'm not sure . like i said - i do n't know . oh , but ` [ false ] & & $ ( ( i=1 ) ) ; echo $ i` being a newline is what i mean when i say that it is short-circuited - it is not even evaluated .
cron is disabled for my user account
edit : the solution with tim 's help i determined that larger writes of data were failing versus smaller ones . why they did n't fail when i ran the script interactively , i do n't know ... but here was the fix ( new mount option of wsize=4096 ) : if mount -t cifs -o guest , wsize=4096 //drobonas/public /mnt/drobonas-public ; then ... `wsize=4096` is a pretty small write ( the default is 4x that ) , so i might experiment to find the limit . but for now i 'm just happy it works . original question
nothing happened : /
centos linux 6.5. many online store there .
, yes plaintext files .
. only , the commands in the second group are running in the same instance !
please see the updates
got ta confirm that ` : ( ) { : | : & } ; : ` does crash ( or rather hang ) ubuntu 12.04 ( kernel version 3.2 ) , _even if_ run by a regular user without elevated privileges . do n't know how much it has to do with the kernel though .
i would like to rename some files to their content 's md5 sum ; for example , if file `foo` is empty , it should be renamed to `d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e` .
good idea , but it 's not . only the files i listed in the `ls` output ( twice ) .
yes in the config file spice is listening to all public interfaces . still did n't work until i opened a port in centos firewall manually .
von wittich please see updated question .
what you mean - `` what 's the host showing '' , what you want to check ?
i have a wired mouse and am plugged in . : -/
a client connects to a load balancing proxy which connects to a backend server . the objective is to allow the server to see a connection as coming from the client 's ip address .
no match . the only files i have in this directory are jabberwocky , temp and test . someone else answered it but thanks !
: i do not know how i could have missed that in the [ documentation ] ( thanks . if you do not mind to turn the comment into an answer i will gladly accept it as this is exactly what i was looking for .
what are the advantages of `ecryptfs` over my solution ? i do n't know `ecryptfs` , so i can not compare it . but the setup i am using is simple and transparent .
the bios did n't list any options on usb . actually , hardly any options on anything , this laptop is ancient . checked the bios version , too and acer lists it as the most up to date one ( bios ver . 3a07 ) . so , no settings possible via bios .
1. mac os x 2. i 'd just prefer to compile it myself .
aufs au_wh_init:502 : mount [ 840 ] : an error ( -13 ) on the writable branch / ( nfs )
edit : i am using programs that i launch from the shell then they create their own graphical session , like kodi or emulationstation ( it does not start if x is running ) . and because they do n't use the x server 's framebuffer vnc ca n't capture them .
yes , the reboot was sudden , the computer shutdown instantly and then power on . i thought it was power problems but do n't know how to check .
i tried following mini script but it does n't seems to work . # ! /usr/local/bin/bash pkill= '' /usr/bin/pkill -hup inetd '' mail= '' /usr/bin/mail '' user= '' ian @ mail-server.com '' sudo $ pkill $ mail -s `` inetd restarted on mail-server '' $ user < /dev/null exit 0
well , i used `` echo '' just for the purpose to remove unneccessary complexity of the script . so no , i could not use your suggestion , as there is a lot more involved ( = about 50 lines of code ) than that simple operation .
slightly different :
mailq is return empty
yes , sorry , edited my question to fix the mistake .
i 'm writing a shell and implementing wildcard expansion . it has to do it for each pipe in a pipeline then . you may check out my [ shell project ] ( i think that maybe it is rare that wildcards are at the end , but it should work .
i used octal because initially i had a hard time understanding the output of `od -x` , which is often advised on internet but corresponds to hexadecimal 2-byte units . but after your comment , by re-reading the man page of `od` more thoroughly , i realized that using `od -c -t x1` was indeed maybe better .
adding `_netdev` does n't change anything . only disk3 is mounted during boot . disk3 is the second of three 'identical ' lines in `fstab` , so i assume that a network issue should result in the second and the third line being executed ... but only the second line is , for some reason
: it does n't work with one either.i used 2 because i have 2 stings . `alias myname` and the rest .
that 's how it 's done at the moment , but when invoked with a posix shell it reaches the end of the switch and fails since it ca n't find its path .
the upload directory is not the problem , it was where they saved the file .
steven is right . we had a long discussion about what i meant with the previous question . xeno 's answer was so good that i edited the question to fit it , and i re-asked the original question here .
a `while` loop is a very common usage for a pipe with `return` . the second example is more straight to the point , but it is something i do n't believe anyone would ever use ...
i tried to use a `` googlable '' phrase , but maybe `` data leak '' would fit too : )
crash-7.1.0-3.el6.x86_64 and crash-trace-command-1.0-5.el6.x86_64 are installed . now how can i investigate the issue ?
i am running on a pico-itx-10000 with 1gb ram and 4gb usb flash drive . i think my approach would be using a cloud service to store favorite radio files and make the whole fs readonly . thanks guys , you guys are so helpful . really appreciate .
they do , but my pricing would double . i 'm very poor so i ca n't afford to do that . feel free to suggest a place where i can by a more up-to-date machine for cheap ( < $ 15/month ) .
edited with more details
just because you think something is stupid does n't make it a bad question . please . we 're not here to argue . well , i 'm not .
- i do n't have any custom completion rules .
no , the data looks like ` # \nrecord one\n # \nrecord two` and each record consists of multiple `\n`-separated fields .
not sure what you are asking here . assume that `date1` and `date2` are in the same time zone , in which case the time zone is irrelevant .
i have no connection with other programs . i tried both google chrome and internet explorer , neither of them will work . this is laptop . i tried at another wifi hotspot with a different laptop and it had no issues connecting .
fixed the title
, _i_ was expecting it to appear in the calendar , but i 'm no authority on the matter ...
i just want to copy it .
just a single workstation .
i 'm not looking for a reason in a particular case . i want to learn about **facts** that could be the reason why somebody would choose the one browser over the other .
i do n't know why i added that , it does n't need to look right . but right now this is n't functional . the names do n't populate , i just see the names on the left and the command as the header on the right , some syntax i 'm not catching : `name= '' expirydate '' ; expression= { [ datetime ] : :fromfiletime ( $ _ . `` msds-userpasswordexpirytimecomputed '' ) } `
yup , change the default behaviour to contain countdown timer . argh , sorry for being long winded in my post when i 'm a software developer .
i tried the windows update troubleshooter first ... it found a whole slew of problems but only fixed two of them . the system update readiness tool is downloading now .
how do i resolve this issue ?
the free space is after hp c : and before the recovery partition , so it 's in the middle .
i 'm asking how to properly set up an archive for thunderbird which works with a folder structure . i posted this at first at the freelancer forum , that 's why there is the organization-explanation on top : )
thnx for answering scandalist . the psu are working fine i did jumped the power pins green and black and worked fine .
for php its ` ( default ) | reg_sz | php_auto_file` , for xml , there 's nothing but a sub folder called winword.exe and in that it has ` ( default ) | reg_sz` , that 's how i got the open with working last time when i was using phpstorm 5 but i dont want to have to keep going into the registry and change stuff every time i upgrade phpstorm or for another program , pat 's method may require messing with the registry but it 's only 1 key i have to change if i upgrade
: kindly see an update - does it help , please ?
it 's not the case . i am installing vagrant in the default location using the intstaller . that is c : \hashicorp\vagrant . i have got past my problem and will post an answer later today with my findings .
not that i can tell . on the boot loader , it shows an icon for ubuntu and then one for each of the windows versions
using the source of the site , i 've got all options from the switch `-rajd rowerowy-wieczornica nt . ksiy `` tych , ktrzy odeszli '' -szkolenie `` zachowanie dziedzictwa ... '' etc.` these are gallery id and description .
yes , i apologize . i made the edit within the 5 minute grace period and completely forgot that edits made within 5 mins of the original post wo n't be saved .
sorry windows 7
i can not even figure out where grub is installed , running `grub-probe -t device /boot/grub` just gives back the error ` can not stat 'aufs'`
yes , that 's not a problem , as long as it does what i need . i did have a look for add ons , there are a few that add extra fields , but non give me the ability to either specify an email header as a column or add this specific header
is the command you suggested , suited for win7 ? ( sorry for the dumb question , i 'm still learning emacs ) .
they included the 64-bit player with their 64-bit os . that 's the reason i 'm trying to use it . not related to anything else . @ minibill
is there an easy way to migrate it to superuser and pull the answers already here along with it ?
: the `target_dir` does n't get populated .
active : failed ( result : exit-code ) since wed 2016-03-02 18:15:33 utc ; 2h 24min ago process : 2828 execstart=/usr/bin/transmission-daemon -f -- log-error ( code=exited , status=255 )
thanks . i tried changing the channels but not much improvement
nothing special , normally it can not start mssqlserver service . and if i try to start it manually , ends up giving error msg like can not find sql server or timeout
i 'm asking because i 've had times when i 'm listening to music while i 'm on the pc and when i need to go out i forget to turn the music off and my pc stays turned on until i get back ( several hours or more ) . edit : i know that using the button always works . but i 'm talking about leaving it an it going to sleep automatically after a few minutes .
same thing -- the command just hangs
its made up of scanned jpgs
i 'm talking about the blinking text cursor ( the blinking vertical line that blinks where you 'are ' in the text ) . not the caret as described in wiki :
right click of mouse
i do n't think so , but there does n't seem to be any difference .
correct , i just would like to have a copy off that aws server . download all the website files into a local hard drive . i googled the vpn feature , and found this : - this is for windows 8 , while i am on windows 7 , so i googled again and found this : - sure if it is the same vpn you mention ? the external ip you mention is the `` private ip '' in the ec2 instance description from the console ? thanks again for the help : )
yep `` entering '' == `` cd-ing ''
this was posted 5.25 years ago . 10.6 at the time .
this is on my own computer , not from a company.i tried typing in `gpedit.msc` but it did n't work.any other suggestions ?
all the usb ports and one usb stick got oxidised on my previous laptop enough that connections became unreliable when i lived on a mexican beach for half a year . oxidization is now just visible on a couple of my current usb devices after spending two summers in a tent on a beach . i 'll try to include a photo ... now i 'm back in australia i 've got a room over the sea again . in mexico all of my friends computers had died from the salt in the air and here iron and steel fittings on buildings do n't last long . an amiga 4000 i once owned suffered from too much sun in a less sunny room than this one .
i want to play the podcasts in order from oldest to newest , just like it does on the ipod .
hi hennes , thanks for answering . when i said i bought an adapter what i meant is a usb based graphics card with a usb 3.0 connection on one end that plugs into the mac and a hdmi port on the other end that i connect a hdmi cable to and the other end of that cable to the monitor .
i do not care . i just want to avoid license key problem
not really ... windows has some amazing sorting and group features .. i want to add my own properties . i think i found a solution to this over at stack overflow . will know soon .
in the foereach-object cmdlet the $ _ . represents the object . that 's why it 's there .
ok , i 'm going to try updating , but as of right now , i am using an intel driver ( albeit from december , 2013 ) and having this issue
it was originally unchecked , but even so i do n't see a way to set it per monitor (
thanks for the tip slaks i think they 're joined now ... sort of . so since i have this ftp/torrent all wrong where do i host the files if i do n't want to host them in my house ? thank you guys for all the help and clarification , i had no idea how ignorant i was on this =/
hahaha now i feel stupid : $
i 've updated it . is that any better ?
. this is a standard mbr windows 7 setup on a dell desktop .
i want a separate line/bar for each username . also , i ca n't get the title to show the username . i 've experimented a lot with plotting but i could n't manage to achieve this .
i do n't have the former log message , but i do have the latter . i tried launching the vm using virtualbox , which also pops an error . i 'll update my question and tags on it .
os is in german , so roughly translated : connecting to localhost ... no connection could be created with the host on port 25 : connection error
yeah , i know about `` re-open closed ... '' but i never need the `` close other '' button and would just like to disable / hide it . @ a.m. - i was trying to `` duplicate tab '' but scrolled down too far . i guess the scroll part and click part of my brain were n't in sync that day !
the psu did n't seem to power on , no fans or anything like that spun up . also i will upload a picture now
yes , yes they are . oh and the files have spaces in them , which seems to break something in the solution @ cyrus provided .
, yes .
i 'm looking for a network printer , not a wireless printer . i 'm on a wired network . the `` add a network , wireless or bluetooth printer '' refers to an option in the add printer dialogue . the printer does not show up in device manager because it is a network printer , not a local printer . all other systems on the lan can use all network printers . the way the progress bar speeds across in 2 seconds suggests to me that something is wrong in whatever component carries out the network search .
frank , i opened cmd prompt and ran netstat . it listed alot of ip addresses , foreign addresses , etc . i must be looking at the wrong thing by the reading of your comment . like i said , i am trying a class and i just need to get apache running at this point and cant even get thtat far : (
core i7 , obviously socket 1155
i tried almost all of the methods molly mentioned ( with the exception of lcd scrub ) and one of them fixed it . in the end i actually think the simple pressure method was what fixed it . mollys answer blew me away - i have never received a more comprehensive answer to a question in any forum on the internet , i was a little overwhelmed by her response and i accidentally down voted her in my fluster ! ( fixed now ) four months after i asked the question i 'm still talking about sa and mollys answer to my friends - but i must admit , i take the credit for fixing the screen ! !
hi , yes mac is the same , but i wonder whether the oc-ing and moving hardware around a bit got the router confused for one restart ...
but there is avaiable update to win 10 from win 8.1 ... in addiction i can say that , when i installed win 8.1 in that way like win 10 , touch screen does n't working too .
i am using excel 2010. hope my question and example is clear enough !
`/usr/bin/find`
i really want to avoid it tbh ... .
the question is why it is showing virus like activity while the installation files are extracted ?
well , portable kit is just the first step , i want to build a database with the data collected and send it through wireless/ wired network to civic authorities . basically , this kit is meant for use in place where there is lack of medical services , this is my term project.i am also supposed to reduce memory footprint of os loaded the idea is to learn how to do these things rather than sticking to the easiest platform available which are efficient implicitly
( also it has to work with the .vhd on ? familyid=21eabb90-958f-4b64-b5f1-73d0a413c8ef & displaylang ; =en so ie 7 and 8 can be installed ( to test our websites ) )
*sigh* i started at stackoverflow and my question was closed there ... can i let it sit here for a while , maybe someone will throw me a bone ?
i 've updated my post
i want to disable connections via this adapter ( i 've asked for all of the connections as a first step since even this had not worked for me , i will next block specific ports ) . however , i 'm talking about the microsoft loopback adapter , a removable piece of software , but i believe it works pretty similar in this regard .
remove but how to specify the adapter name , id what to pass to this remove ?
i know , but unfortunately that is not an option , since i intend to install it on my pc at work , where i can not upgrade the os .
nothing happens
thanks for your reply . the total is : 13680
it says ms office 365 proplus subscription product on the account page in word - that 's my work version
~ $ sudo apt-get purge chrome reading package list ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done e : unable to locate package chrome ~ $ whereis chrome chrome : ~ $ sudo apt-get purge chromium reading package list ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done package 'chromium ' is not installed , so not removed
**update : ** if its mounted with noexec option the user ca n't execute as you guys suggested . but to remount and change to exec , how will the user gain root permissions ?
, david : do you have it with nvidia gpu or with intel one ?
in addition , here is the file structure of the folder : - .matplotlib - tex.cache ( empty folder ) - fontlist.cache and here are the programs i have installed : ! [ program list ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ how unix is mac os x ? ] ( )
i can easily run this , but i do n't know a good way to tell if the file is downloaded twice and then one copy is deleted , or if only 1 download is every performed .
it will . if i put dos onto the pen drive it will boot from it . however it then assigns c : to the pen drive and the other flash does n't seem to appear anywhere as a drive ( ca n't see it with dir d : , dir e : , etc )
- * '' so why did you link to a 2011 product ... '' * - as an example of data sheets stating avx instruction set architectures over time . the best i can tell just about everything now a days is avx , but not all avx has the support ( *q.v . * ) .
my entire ~/.ssh/config is : rsaauthentication yes pubkeyauthentication yes
its should be free ; - )
in the middle of the transfering process
i found a general and more reliable way . see the solution . the iana 's list if too long because it is a list of all possible cipher suites that ca be used in tls protocol . normally , the list that the browsers configured with ( the default list ) are much less ( in firefox case , i found 32 ciphers only ) .
mangling , jumbling are all not a problem for me .
i do mean xxcopy . i am unsure what exact op sys corp. will purchase except it will be windows .
no they do not .
some of these books are languages that ocr wo n't work yet . tried some opensource ocrs on english scans , without good results . anyways , 'full-text ' not needed . i 'm ok with manually adding keywords to pages .
when system is on but i 'm not doing anythig on computer ( ex . moving mouse , watching video etc . )
no . i said the motherboard does n't have a buzzer , and does n't beep .
no , the 'please wait ... ' stage takes way longer .
**edit : ** it seems the problem is when it reaches the first ftp command that uses a variable . for example it will open and connect fine , but then my next command is a get with a variable for the file name . it ca n't seem to read the variable name and just calls get . however , i do not see this issue when i call the bat from the cmd line ... . **edit** issue fixed , see my answer below .
i do have another external ssh server ... i never thought of that .
can not ping machines
yep ! i am using a4 size special paper
i 'm pretty sure , i do n't even know what kerberos is or why it is enabled .
sorry if i was unclear : i need that instead of the file name `` textfile.txt '' it reads `` xxxxxx.xxx '' or something like that
sorry , i missed the `alias` in copy & paste . ; fixed it now .
it was google chrome for one of the people !
there is a new filter i need to use ( agate ) which is not included with the current homebrew release . it is only available in the snapshot/release packages .
no , i 'm trying to access the **result** of a truecrypt device in a android device . i could say i have another computer and i was trying to access that folder over the network . i was just being specific . but if you do n't like it , then change the android scenario to windows . the target folder of mounted volume can be accessed in the windows host , but it 's also empty .
examples : f.lux , speedfan , firefox
i managed to do it with trinusvr , does n't mirror the desktop but does so when sending the signal to the phone . recommended .
**update : ** i think it is browser-related . my browser ( chrome ) just burped and appeared to reload most of its open tabs , and the mystery window is gone now . i 'd still like to know what the heck it is .
it is an external graphic card . geforce gtx 260 .
unfortunately system restore had not set any previous restore points , so that 's out .
i got a different usb-mouse working . magic trackpad is still not supported .
just ca n't find any other explanation . i
i 'm not sure what was n't clear . nevertheless i 've updated my original post with more details . i hope this makes it clearer .
i did ask here , but nobody responded , so i thought my question was inappropriate
so far , any game . tried with both league of legends and battlefield 3 , as this is the games i have currently
whatever kernel is default in archlinux for x86_64
3-pin , but the fan speed can be altered through the bios i think
yes i am aware of that , i use purge to free up the buffers before starting a heavy game .
edit : after techie 's comments i found this
the main reason for not getting the higher resolution was me using an older kernel - i upgraded to 3.2 and my core i3 's integrated graphics is now supported - so i have the higher resolutions available !
i do not have a screensaver on it . this was not a display model but you are right it seems like one .
techie007 i have made a mistake the retention rule is up to 6 months then archived on the exchange server . charlierb no the user has not touched the auto archive settings .
not on a corporate network , this is my home pc so local user .
using [ gigabyte ga-z97n-wifi ] ( and thanks for the tip .
no . i tried /users/library/application\ support/google/chrome , but there was no /default folder .
david i 'm novice in pc hardware i just think i5 > i3 : )
- a generic integrated lcd =p appears as generic pnp , no markings .
thanks for answering , i 'll try that later .
**id -a** uid=1000 ( server ) gid=1000 ( server ) groups=1000 ( server ) ,4 ( adm ) ,24 ( cdrom ) ,27 ( sudo ) ,30 ( dip ) ,46 ( plugdev ) ,108 ( lpadmin ) ,124 ( sambashare ) ,1001 ( testgroup ) **ls -la** rwxrwxr-x 21 server testgroup 4096 jun 23 16:36 . drwxr-xr-x 5 root root 4096 jun 19 16:56 .. drwxrwxr-x 7 server testgroup 4096 jun 23 16:35 folder
yes , for english it 's the same thing . i can type characters like [ { } ] ( which are the same keys as on the croatian layout ) , but i ca n't type normal letters and numbers .
: well , sure . and if the machines involved were n't primarily windows machines without either rsync or ssh installed , i 'd have just done that first . ; ) the dvcs idea was an attempt to solve the cross-platform issue without having to get a full unix subsystem running on the windows boxen just to copy some mp3s , you know ?
gmail does n't really have folders per se .
distributed by the market leader isp in my country . it also can do wps . here 's a link :
i use excel 2010 , and i do n't get `` out of memory '' message
ca n't reproduce it . did n't test it with windows and would n't like to do this . i need linux for work .
do n't have ssd to enable rapid mode cache
no the do not work again . they are ps/2 yes in the bios i can @ aki no they are ps/2 @ madmaze no i ca n't get into safe mode
yes , they are installed .
i have the standard vga graphics adapter and amd radeon hd 6300m series . is that what you mean ? sorry if i dont know much .
when i have no connection , it is as if the adapter is disabled from the configuration window . so no ip-address or anything . here is [ a screenshot ] ( of the `ipconfig -all` output from when i do have an internet connection , and [ here ] ( is one after computer restart .
i need some help cleaning up what i have if you have any pointers .
all other smart values seem to be normal , other than what is noted below in the comments .
cavalier / phonom
for good , to keep my stick unaccesible for evil dummies = )
yes . gnome 2 environment .
: i looked at logs there is no log file created for cron , i looked in var/log/ ..
i did that because of the possible performance benefits . everything else works fine , plus i tried the win7 64bit drivers . it seems that something audio-related has changed in win8 . i 'm not the only one with this issue .
no , there are no beeps with or without the memory .
hmm , strange , 2.89gb to 4gb . i was expecting to see 1:1 .
what i mean is , if i close the lid and then unplug the laptop . it *should* suspend , but it does n't , for reasons that i address in another question : i 'm attacking the problem from two angles , and fake acpi events is one of them .
power supply is not turning on . no fans spin , nothing lights up , no interesting sounds . nothing .
in the event logs i could see the event id as 0 and the description as below
thanks , i did find `tomcat8w.exe` to launch the properties option but eventually ended up installing the apache tomcat as a service .
just encrypt , though if i have to sign too that 's not a problem .
i aimed the gun at various parts of the cases when it was off , came back as 20c or so . the case isnt shoved into any enclosed space as well , its out in the open with plenty of room to breathe . room temp is 70 fahrenheit . not particularly warm , plus im in cold , cold washington at the moment .
**update** i want to give a little review because i 'm using a drobo for several weeks now . i 'm happy with it except for 2 points : * it 's way to loud to have it in the living room * i could not make it work with *ext3* and my *sheevaplug* linux pc i like the way i can add new drives , currently i have 2x1tb in it , but i plan to add another drive in the next weeks . if you do n't need nas , then drobo with usb or firewire is for you . : - )
. the vm currently uses nat ( if i switch to bridged , without making any other changes , the vm can not see anything )
sorry for the late replay , all . the plugin it concerns is the vlc web plugin .
correct , i used nanosim with adapter , but i think it does n't matter
i do n't believe so . for example , if i have 5 instances of notepad.exe running , and i want to close them all , if i use task manager to kill one of those applications and/or processes , the other 4 remain open . i 'd like to have a way to close all 5 at once .
: `where diskpart` > `c : \windows\system32\diskpart.exe` `where xxcopy64` > `e : \utiles\xxcopy64.exe`
unfortunately no . each workbook is for a seperate financial year and i need to keep them seperate . cheers
i am trying to connect sql server . i want to connect to a specific database . and yes i did enable tcp/ip in sql server configuration manager . i allowed two users to connect to the database that is `` sa '' and `` acclogin '' but i have no idea about the ip thing you are talking about .
here 's the output : - although it seems to show only two screens attached , the third screen is still displaying the completed `` centos 6.5 '' bar that appears on loading the os !
curiosity , really . i like laptops but i do n't like brands . sometimes we 're stuck with them though .
it is a omnivision ov2640 , or at least i think it is . it is built in to my laptop . i 'm not sure what kernel module is managing it . how would i figure this out .
no antivirus tools on my computer . i ca n't think of any programs which would be using it extensively . since switching the sata cable and ports i have n't had any freezing , but it has only been a couple days with little usage ( hour or two each day ) of that computer .
sometimes just someone turns off the power and the whole system is off
i 'm currently opening the app with `open `` $ app_dir '' ` . i guess a `su -u `` $ username '' `` $ app_dir '' ` ?
no , i can physically access the desktop , and press the power button to turn it on . what i mean is that once it boots , i need to remotely log in and start the programs that run the streaming service for example , and that remote log in does not work if the shutdown was abrupt . i need to manually log in on the desktop , and not thru my laptop .
the answer below got everything the way i wanted it . thank you for checking in .
the desktop crashes when i resume from sleep . using the bsod tool , it is a internal_power_error bug where param1=0x9 . but really i 'm looking for the tools & steps to track down hardware failures and os crashes .
yes , the home directory is encrypted . that could be the issue , is n't it ?
no - just dsl via a router .
i did not find anything good , would you mind helping me ?
no , i do not need a username/password
i 'm not logged in as administrator , but my user is a member of administrators group .
that info going to save my time since the hdd is big in size . once i know the exact location of those sectors then i will scan them by a fix tool , ( reallocate them )
using either wildcards or full-fledged regular expressions for the pattern matching is fairly immaterial .
i really do n't know how to answer that question , i do n't know how to make the script pause rather than finish in a brief milisecond .
just using windows 7. control panel - > system and security - > backup and restore - > create a system image .
i 'm not using ms office
i struggled a bit trying to create a working example because it is a subtle effect which however destroys the readability of the handwritten text images i am merging . while experimenting i discovered that ` -layers merge` seems to do what i need . what is the difference compared to `-composite` ?
edit : i refactored the code and changed the labelcallback subroutine to set a state variable , and have a separate button in the ribbon actually trigger the 'take some action ' routines , to work around this . inelegant in my opinion . ( dare i say clunky ? ) it makes much more sense to take the action when the dropbox item is selected , and would work beautifully if the event would fire regardless of which item is selected .
that 's a fantastic idea ! thanks ! !
: redraw does not seem to have any effect .
, i 'm not sure what you mean by windows 7 box , so i guess i do n't have it .
- install path is c : \windows\system32\appfabric , there is only a setup.exe ( which throws the same error above when i try to run it ) , guessing they wrapped the uninstall in the setup.exe
nothing showing in event logs and even when i run gpresult /h i get this message info : the user `` renishaw\user '' does not have rsop data .
lenovo b5070 59-430824 i5-4210u
yes i think so - i think that 's how i ended up dealing with it . ca n't remember for sure now ; it 's been a while .
how do you use this ? truthfully , i am not sure if i am using it or not .
no the screen just shuts off
... annnnd , i 'm an idiot . i would have noticed this immediately but i had also been tinkering with iptables , so it seemed as though the external resolution only occurred when openvpn was up . thanks for jostling my brain .
my desktop is running windows 8 laptop1 is running windows 7 and laptop2 is running linux ubuntu ( newist version )
has been happening for as long as i can remember , but i 'm not sure if it has always happened with this router . another edit : selecting `` advanced '' shows me this : > this server could not prove that it is secure.skypeassets.com ; its security certificate is not trusted by your computer 's operating system . this may
both laptops can ping each other and have their conenction set as home network . @ ramhound yes i have created homegroup ,
the wireless manager wo n't let me do that . if i try anything both network cards start in the same mode .
my friend of course i have reinstall them all and working fine.. but not them media players
tried with windows 8 at the time , and tried with windows 10 since then .
sorry to answer now , but that indeed solved it . somestimes we think of too complex ways , when there 's a simpler way to reach the same goal .
i mean they unplug cable from pc not from switch < they uses modem portable
1. no i can not boot my computer without the cable plugged in 3. the laptop just turns off completely . no blue screen .
yes , for that specific library only , i would like to only get the list of exe files ( and maybe also all other executable filetypes like .bat , .com ... )
i checked something else also . and it 's interesting : i 've tested my wifi on my windows pc and there , the playback works without any issue .
the server os is debian-based linux so that is an option , my major problem ( that i forgot to mention , but was kind of implied by consumer model ) is that the router is nat'ing . this adds complexity to any samba setup .
error log show something like below ( 2 ) no such file or directory : httpd : could not open error log file /usr/\xe2\x80\x9c/private/var/log/apache2/phpmyadmin.localhost-error_log\xe2\x80\x9d . unable to open logs
the app is steinberg wavelab essential . it 's an old audio editor , but it does all i need ( except the .iso : s ) .
nope , no print server . i 'm on windows 7 , the driver is listed on hp 's website as supporting my os . the documentation suggests that the printer does support bidirectional too , so i 'm a little perplexed ...
yes attached screenshot of the error , also uac disabled so cmd opens as administrator even regularly , but same way issue when i right click and select `` run as administrator ''
my setup is really super-flat : a single pc using a wifi router to connect to my isp . i thought it was clear from the traceroute , sorry : )
antivirus hangs in safe mode . everything else appears to be fine in safe mode . 2 ) in normal mode , i am basically not even getting to the login prompt . after the initial windows logo and progress bar , screen goes blank .
this i am not sure of , but have linked to the actual result ( the faster one , direct wired ) in my question . i understand the difference , just not sure because its labelled mb/s . does the lowercase indicate bits rather than bytes ?
windows 8.1 64-bit
: because i love emacs , i 'm infinitely faster in it than komodo , aptana , etc . i have tons of macros and plugins for it . it has fully integrated ftp that works perfectly , save for this one glitch . since it works on ubuntu , and with other servers , i 'm certain it is a config glitch , or something dumb like that , and i ca n't just abandon my favorite environment because of that .
you can see here the router settings
windows 7 64bit
i would do it based on calendar reminder , but i do n't always end up at the office at the same time every day . and i 'm ***very*** forgetful : )
... . quote : `` and manually changing three separate monitors is too much of a chore ? '' doing that daily would not be fun . : - )
no , nobody is tripping with any spam filter . my isp has one that works only on reception . else i 'm using a standard thunderbird setup with pop3/smtp settings . we do have our own email server for the company , but only my personal ( isp related ) address is concerned . smilarly , only one address ( one of the managers ' ) seems to be concerd at my customer 's , suggesting the problem is localized to a specific pc .
the client in this case is solar photovoltaics inverters . that send to my ftp the production of the day . im only am able to define the ftp conection . sure i can create a ftp per photovoltaic system , but i would prefer avoiding it .
yes i tried on another computer and it gives same message on every system .
the log of the router is n't too detailed . there are only 3 sections : incoming log , outgoing log and dhcp log . inside the incoming log i found lots of ip addresses with these two ports . this is what i would like to know , what is going on there . and why are these ports open on my router and what is their purpose ?
ubuntu 12 , the option i chose was 'encrypted lvm ' . i think i heard it uses luks .
oh yes , hamachi ... i forgot that . thank you ! : d
unfortunately , there is no pp 2013 for the mac . the latest version is pp 2011. even in the office 365 suite , there is only the 2011 version included .
i 'm in a network , and internet works fine . its because of some firewall rule . i need to tell it people to disable but i do n't know what to ask them to fix this .
i can empty that hard disk . but i do n't want to loose data and configuration of my elementary os installed on primary laptop 's hard disk
checked again with crystaldiskinfo and it 's all green , 100 % .
yes , using the terminal commands listed with the post . i restarted after attempting the change , then again ( multiple times ) since reverting back to the original plist .
it is a custom bitnami vbox . i found it 's running apache + mysql . bitnami @ ubuntu : ~/apps/magento $ sudo /etc/init.d/bitnami status varnish already running php-fpm already running apache already running mysql already running memcached already running hope this is good enough . if not ask me what information do you need :
maybe i did n't read the documentation enough , but what i 'm specifically looking for is converting a number like `` 3.1415 '' to `` 3.1415 '' , where there are two leading blank characters so the whole string is eight characters long . i do n't know what format spec this corresponds to - % 8s did n't work , for example , because it gave me things like `` 2.000000e3 , '' which is ten characters . i also have no way of knowing a priori whether my numbers are going to be floats or integers , so that complicates the issue a bit .
actually i want to know which is perfect for me 32 or 64 bit windows 10 pro according to my mother board & processor ?
there are any number of columns ( funds ) . it will change on a monthly basis . as will the date range ( rows ) .
-- update -- the system\acceleration setting had hardware virtualization on for both `enable vt-x/amd-v` and `enable nested paging` . the guest os has 2048 m memory , and does not have guest additions installed . -- update2 -- as the accepted answer suggests , this might be a bug in the 38.0.1 version . after installing 38.0.5 , the speed seems to be ok now , as firefox usually was . there still appears to other minor issues though . e.g. , after the installation , firefox is not accessible from the windows startup menu .
no that 's the problem . i ca n't establish a ftp session . but whenever i specify the full url and file name it downloads the file .
**update** this may have something to do with the latest bios update , where uefi boot is enabled now . when i manually select the boot drive , i see 2 options one starting with uefi aaaaaa os bootloader and another which starts with sata aaaaaaaa boot drive . when i select the boot drive , it is booting with the latest kernel . should i modify anything after the bios update ?
**update** i 'm using neovim ( v0.1.5-561-gbd6dad0 ) within tmux ( 2.2 ) . i 'm yanking with `y` and pasting with `p` .
i really do n't know how pressing c at startup ends up launching grub . i would like to find the explanation for that but i really do n't see one .
i 've updated my answer to be more clear , thanks .
dear it has 3.0 ghz processor .
to delete a file in windows with a too long filename ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texthow
access to attrs=userpassword by dn= '' cn=admin , o=us '' write by dn= '' cn=admin-2 , dc=example , dc=com , o=us '' write by self write by anonymous auth by * none
p.s . it 's a dell inspiron 5520 15r ( i7 version )
renan , not sure as it is powered down . i will check .
interstingly enough , you are right , but then why does booting into safe mode show different names of drivers folder ?
these are pretty vanilla computers with standard lenovo keyboard . the users are not sophisticated that they would be mapping keys .
. yes , the obfuscated directory name after the drive letter is the same for all entries . it 's actually inside that directory that i 'm running the dir command .
`/usr/bin/firefox : symbolic link to \`/opt/firefox/firefox'`
and when i run the cygrunsrv or net start commands
- lol are you a hostgator shill ?
dunno ,
: yep , one pc with a single , dual-output video card attached to two different monitors .
depending on where i am and what i 'm doing , i may be using any of multiple accounts spread across two domains .
i actually use both windows 7 ( windows ) and ubuntu 13.10 ( linux ) . is there a cross-platform solution ?
both , if i remember correctly all the articles i looked at for 8.1 also did n't have them posted .
i just found it a bit odd . especially when i see so many people saying their cpu can get up to 70 degrees . and the fact that my cpu cooler can run hotter than the actual cpu .
: it 's a custom vpn for a local customer .
edit : i 'm using fluxbox . i 'm using an acer notebook with a synaptics touchpad ... both the touchpad and the mouse ca n't interact with the dialog .
yes i was able to install some other ttc fonts ( e.g . optima , markerfelt ) without a problem . only americantypewriter.ttc was causing the error ; just my bad luck that was the one i wanted ! also , re : seo . yes , i aim to write my questions with that in mind . ( i also run a stackexchange-based site and recognize the value of seo . )
if the load would be evenly balanced over all open channels , then a user that has several channels could probably benefit from more bandwidth for transactions ( only in case more than 1 file would be transacted , of course )
: itunes , winamp , amarok , foobar2k .
this question is obsolete now , i have one i will be posting later with much more info regarding this issue , but a different problem all together , if anybody answers , i 'll just give them the bounty .
no firewall or other software like that
*update 1* memory allocation ! [ ] [ 1 ] ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] ! [ enter image description here ] [ 3 ] update 2 [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] : [ 3 ] :
no i upgraded when it first came out but the system did update directly before the problem
edit : following up on synetech 's answer , would this ultimately solve my issue since it combines a p4 with a 4-pin molex to turn it into a full-blown 8-pin eps 12v plug ? ? item=n82e16812200459
i have to manually change the affinity , since by default it picks all cpus to work with .
: the question linked to by other users ( [ here ] [ 1 ] ) does not help me . i 've gone into my bios ( press esc when system starts ) and i can not find a `memory remapping` section . unfortunately i have to give this machine over to my wife now and i wo n't be near it tomorrow . i 'll keep looking on saturday . [ images referenced above ] [ 2 ] [ 1
yeah svchost.exe runs createfile and it fails with access denied . the exact command is `c : \windows\system32\svchost.exe -k localsystemnetworkrestricted` also chrome spams access denieds at me every few seconds but i do n't think that 's related . ( the operation is `regopenkey`
**update . ** turns out my version of windows did not properly upgrade from test version , so it had some weird disk drive issues .
windows xp and windows 8.1. have n't tried the /od switch yet , will try later . i 've heard of cygwin ... but not used it before .
all devices connected to the router have internet access .
i do n't want to use macvim because if i have the option to use a graphical interface my workflow will continue to go from keyboard to mouse . i want to break myself of this . also , in my normal terminal , in insert mode , `cmd+v` will insert text i 've copied from another application , i copied your comment in for example . : )
thanks , but all i get there is an absolute path to the `ls` i installed to ` $ home\opt\bin\ls`
**chromium download link :
it is a new motherboard , p4m800 pro-m_v2.0 , i recently put vista on it , and it is only recognising 1gb of ram , but there are 2x 1gb sticks in it , and tried cpu-z and that shows both sticks , so i want to av a look at the bios settings but i cant get in it just goes to boot select screen , thanks
thanks for replying so quickly - unfortunately i dont know what it was downloading re the scheduled windows update install but it was stage 2 of 10 when it was interrupted and powered off yesterday .
running `lsusb` i see at least my adaptec device : bus 002 device 010 : id 03f3:2002 adaptec , inc. usb2-xchange and `dmesg` also seems to log this device : [ 62101.160439 ] usb 2-1.4 : new high-speed usb device number 10 using ehci-pci [ 62101.252777 ] usb 2-1.4 : new usb device found , idvendor=03f3 , idproduct=2002 [ 62101.252787 ] usb 2-1.4 : new usb device strings : mfr=0 , product=0 , serialnumber=0
not using a roaming profile and the rest of his profile seems normal and intact
it is the native kind .
powershell allows you to open a gui folder with the invoke-item command . say i 'm in c : \family\desktop , the command `` invoke-item adam '' allows me to open a gui version of the adam folder .
: it was working , only not not working after changing the spinify theme to another theme . not filesystem damage i am sure .
this is on mac osx running bash inside of the terminal . i 'm looking for a line that just sits on top of everything and is sticky .
i 'm pretty sure the windows live messenger i downloaded from get.live.com is the official application .
it did and it crashes every time i do it . ( [ full log ] (
i 'm clicking directly on the bullet icon .
seriously re installing chrome was the first thing i did !
specs : - netra x1 - 400mhz ultrasparciie - rackmount - 4x dimm sockets ( pc133 ) - i do n't know how much ram i have now - need boot it , probably it is ram upgradable - 2x eth ( 10/100 ) - 2x usb ( probably usb1 ) - 2x ide - runray 1 this one : - yes , it is the thin client
_update_ : the main problem is that i 'm using freenx for remote terminal , and do n't have the mouse section in my xorg.conf . i guess it 's because freenx uses some sort of virtual mouse . is it possible to turn it off in freenx , or in gnome windows manager ?
the original one .
some yes some no
booting with a conventional
oh , did n't realize i could trace the problem there . hm , i 'll update the question .
thats an interresting idea . indeed filezilla keeps disconnecting everytime i transfert something for more then a minute . i am trying to test that and for the first time ever he stays connected ha ha . you might want to post this as an answer so i can vote and accept it if it turns out it was that .
thanks @ samposarrala for understanding the importance of this question . to the others , i apologize for the unfortunate title ( which i slightly changed ) .
no , only ever 2 numbers and 1 underscore . i 've tried using sum and right in an array formula but the result is always 0 .
when loading files in the drive it takes longer than usual and sometimes does a mini freeze for about 10 secs which does n't happen before .
sadly , the generic intel driver will not install . saying my driver is manufacturer customized . i even tried following the instruction to manually install the driver from the driver directory but windows still says i have the latest .
this is the video and @ terdon , how do i do what you have just said ?
have checked , it is empty other than comments
rm -r dir did the trick ! thank you . please add an answer and i will select it . thank you . it would also be great if you could say why rd /s /q did not solve it . what tools can i use to understand what is happening under the layers ? thank you .
: i could , but on my netbook it takes incredibly long to call up the windows update center and cancel the download . windows *should* know the active adapter being used for the connection right , because it does inform the user about that in systray .
sorry , i 'd just got ta go this morning . now it 's formatted . in fact , i do n't think there 's anything to do with the nginx config file . what makes system logs printed out to stdout ?
you can find a list of my autostart processes on the [ screenshot ] ( here
i have n't checked the firewall because i never had to touch that to begin with , and had n't made changes to the firewall on any server . they are both bridged to my wifi card . both servers can ping the host and my home router , just not each other . they are both on the same subnet .
i 'm more interested in a stable filesystem , not the most recent dev-version . but mike is right , i did n't think about `copies=2` halving the space on the drive 8 )
, by failproof , i mean it would just work . it worked a couple of times - i do n't understand why it could just fail to work again .
when deleting it from explorer , i got this : could not find this item this is no longer located in c : \my_dir\ . verify the item 's location and try again . registering wrong app type : file siz : 0 bytes
i have added a screenshot . let me know if more info is required .
what 's going on ?
edit - two quick things first of all i 'm on osx - but it would be nice to get a general solution for other people who arrive here from google . and second a lot of the comments/answers are concentrating on , in effect , making it fast and easy to enter long commands by means of hotkeys and the like . actually i 'd like it to at least look like i 'm typing live - that 's why i put in the bit about the one-to-one keymapping , but i do n't think i explained that quite as well as i could have ...
agreed . but there are other processes running on one machine which can access data from other machine . i want all communication between them to be secure .
i added a link to the specification . from the spefication : two integrated 400 mhz 30-bit ramdacs . each supports analog displays connected by vga at all resolutions up to 2048x15362 .
i built the computer myself .
yes , i can hardcode it in my app , and obfuscate it . but as per the many answers provided like to store it on a server seems to be the best way .
it is setup for layer 2
high pitched like sound in some chargers . and that sound is sync with led lights in modem.lol
i 've run both 2005 and 2008 before with no problems . i 'm just cleaning up and want to get rid of it .
added more graphics card information . i do not know what version of opengl processing uses .
how can you tell ? also i have replaced the charger multiple times since buying it .
yes , google talk works without problems
version 1511 ( fall update ) ] ( ) ( i.e. ,
it 's not my window , and it is not on dvd < the folder is on desktop , so on c disk , i have disabled thumbnail view and it looks its loading faster , but still stucking
i will try that . however , i have two of these monitors on the same computer and i have the same problem on both . so chances are that it 's just a problem with this model . displays are not exactly made to display control characters . i do n't have any issue with displaying a full screen with regular text .
, proxy from germany , but google shows exact part of moscow city , where i am sitting right now : /
: the reason is because the script is apparently in a gui and must be done from the front-end ( see here :
yes , i worked it out : my taskbar is too small to show the date , if i drag it to increase the size it pops up .
hmm , did n't play with settings on router for ages , so if something is there then only the default stuff . other computers in network do n't have this problem though .
yes and mark active
yes , that is correct . i just tried it on different machine , and ie 9 provides an open option that one .
i do n't think it 's enabled . i do n't see that options anywhere on the gui .
hi tim , vstfp is active , yes . i can see entries in /var/log/vsftpd.log as well .
the ext4 file system creation in partition # 5 of scsi1 ( 0,0,0 ) ( sda ) failed it is error message
nope . and no real answers to the apple forum either . i guess i 'll have to wait for a future version of quicktime and/or firefox to deal with the plugin issue . it seems to me that it has n't installed correctly in my system .
just starting investigation . these codes all mean something , for starters i want to know how to find out what does mine mean .
either way , it 's the same problem .
yes i have added the wifi mac to the devices
oh sorry , guess i forgot some details , its a laptop , costum made in a store , it had w8.1 and i upgraded it to 10 awhile ago . this doesnt happen everyday , but i didnt have this type of bsod before , i already clean installed and its still here .
: laptop is 3 years old.it will be under warranty once i replace the motherboard .
: because there 's 10 times as many users monitoring 2008 and in many cases my problems also exists in 2008. yes , if i delete the printer and create it again it will add another , so it will list 4 printers in printer properties .
binary images of flash rom memory designed to be loaded into , usually , the basic io and bootstrap loader system on the computer needed to start the bugger up . i wondered if anyone knew if they could be removed as updates to previous versions that had already been loaded to the eeprom and could be dispensed with or were necessary to rebuild the eeprom if it became corrupt .
i 'm able to connect via ip address . but why does n't the connection with the computername works ?
if i remove sticky bit , than any user has access to files could be remove files , i think . also i 'm trying to learn more about acl .
, and how can i make it do so
i checked this and it does not support booting from a us port .
i edited the question to make more sense .
nop i have tested with lan tester and it was worked before one hour ago , also try to connect directly to laptop
tp-link tl-wr340gd
version 1511 ( os build 10586.0 ) . it generally would n't be possible to try every presently available troubleshooting method without several reboots .
yes , that was one of the first things we checked .
, i tried with promiscuous mode , but it ca n't capture the packets which are not destined to or from the pc where wireshark is , except some arp or igmp packets
**yet on hotmail.com : ** this 3rd email account functions completely normally .
yeah , i think that was it . i changed paths to `/path/to/whatever/.` < -- *the dot on the end . *
my research has shown nothing relevant ( since i used the set `` different path '' in the keyword tail and it pointed to other irelevant posts for my situation )
. is that correct
edit : to clarify , x.x.x.x is the vpn public ip , while y.y.y.y is my real ip
it requires microsoft .net framework 3.0 or higher , i have 4.5 installed . no files are written in the program folder , as far as i can see . to be clear : the install does work , it is just not running !
: great idea . i am actually going to buy a `` kill-a-watt '' this weekend because , frankly , the truth is out there , and all i need is an ammeter to find it . i am going to make a spreadsheet with values for the current during load/standby/warming up etc . i think it could be very insightful- not to mention ... my idea of a good time !
i do have headphone virtualization which i enabled , but nothing aking to 'mono ' , does that mean it 's not possible ?
i need to check with two real keyboards !
i want to change numeric values in the expression for this specific host , but as you can see in the image , it is grey and not editable .
i 'm sorry . but i 'm unable to understand your last comment @ marcb
no , it appears to always be unchecked.. this always worked on my prior workstations ( this is a new box ) ..
peter , its formatted as date march 14 , 2012 in the type field in excel .
yes , the last command spins up a ruby `` irb '' shell so i can interact with my environment .
this is possible . not `` wanted '' but possible .
it is a laptop .
several folders , several items in each
i do n't mind the work . it is that the number of files and folders are so much that i have never succeeded in using nautilus to open the folder itself . all my attempts to open taht folder to see the list of files just bring smy pc to a halt . that si why i started loking for a scripted solution . part of the problem is i cna use find to list files of different extensions but is there a find to `` find '' same names ?
right now i 've seen only www.s7.ru ( 89.249.20.27 ) filtered by this issue , and i ca n't say whether other sites are affected : so far we have n't noticed an issue with any of them .
c partition uses over 300gb , it seems the system image is the same size as the space used on the hard drive
but the super charge mode applicable for only torrent ?
well , i do a penestration test to my school computer , so my teacher asked me to do so
no networking . only interface is sata .
i forwarded both tcp and udp
i believe so yes , basically it should say ipv4 domain name : abcd.com
my user wanted to change where the outlook desktop alert was showing ( on windows 8/8.1 this can not be changed ) , so when you change the compatibility to windows vista or windows 7 , the option automatically reappears and you can redefine those options !
yes i can mute it , but then i have to go into game settings once the game starts to enable sound aging , making spotify louder does not work as you still have the bas in the background from the game .
ramhound - i meant quit the program ...
yes , that 's where the document is . sorry . for some reason , it wo n't find the object under xampp\htdocs .
i am knowledgeable in vba , so i tried to design a solution to this problem using vba , but the code was not working either . i 'm using excel 2013 , 32-bit .
when attached internally , it gets stuck on the `` press del to enter bios '' and nothing happens ( even if i press del ) . if attached externally , it works like normal .
i think it 's the wlan , because when using a wired network , the problem does not happen . using `scp sourcemachine : file /tmp` gives slightly better results ( i get peaks of 1 mb/s , but then it slows down ) .
that 's the program the key binding is for , thought maybe someone has made some to switch windows they can simply share and i can modify .
so , how much more ram does windows 7 use than windows xp ?
yes , it is visible there .
no , the problem persists even when i boot in safe mode .
** @ psycogeek** `` if it never does it when working '' - like i said , i have n't been able to really determine a pattern , however it has n't made that noise while running the self-test and surface scan . ** @ techie007** seatools is a good suggestion , definitely worth a look too .
sorry about that , i 've edited my question to provide that info ( win7 ) .
wrote my own a while ago :
windows xp/vista/7 or mac ox x 10.4/10.5 depending on where i am
no , it does n't . have updated original post with content of openvpn file .
well , the updated build was constantly crashing my computer - i 've got windows 8.1 installed and messed around with some stuff , managed to get it working for now .
os version : microsoft windows 8.1 , 64 bit processor : intel ( r ) core ( tm ) i7-4710hq cpu @ 2.50ghz , intel64 family 6 model 60 stepping 3 processor count : 8 ram : 12198 mb graphics card : amd radeon r9 m265x , -2048 mb hard drives : c : total - 942989 mb , free - 836632 mb ; motherboard : toshiba , vg20sq
omg man . this is what i really dont understand . which one is my ip ... ..
: the battery is good , got it replaced a few months ago . the problem is almost certainly not the software , as i 've both debugged it thoroughly , and tested with another game . would a bad stick of ram explain the underclocking i see in core temp , do you know how i can check for this ?
do n't understand the down votes , seems to me anyone running backups in win 7 would want to know this ...
i am using hyper-v manager for the vms . as for the configuration i made a new virtual switch - > external - > chose my wireless adapter and ticked `` allow management os to share this adapter '' .
in my case , it occurs when using safe mode , so not from a plugin . i ended up switching to a faster computer . but i feel like it should n't have had to be necessary for text editing , where does the lag come from ?
i did n't know you need administrator rights to do that . is that the reason you think ?
: i 'm expecting resolution to work . what i do n't understand how `nslookup` or `host` can resolve the name and anything else on the system ca n't .
the logging is enabled , but at the moment i ca n't controll the log level . my problem is find out a way to discover which users had logged onto a particular computer of my lab .
actually i do n't know , i think the default one that comes with debian since i installed only mate after formatting .
that 's the memory tab . in the spd tab for both modules anything referring to speed is in the 800-900 mhz range .
i tried the win10 dev preview with the same specs above and **all metro apps worked . ** why is this the case ? how can i resolve the windows 8.1 problem ?
: as i 've said , associations are set for metro apps . webpages , music , video , etc .
i mean , laptop makers do n't make higher resolution anymore ?
hi , yes both are updated with the same host which is my server 's ip
the cable just says `` sata '' on it . do they make cables specifically for sata2/sata3 ?
yes , that is correct .
at the moment no ( all my 4 hdmi ports are taken ) . so it 's connected with a audio cable and a vga cable .
no , i meant a caja/nautilus emblem on the video file icon . it really does n't matter , though . i 'd just like to run a shell script when and if the video has finished playing .
updated . i tried some other usb keys but i could n't even get them to connect .
i did n't try ...
nope . to be honest : i have no idea what those are . ( read : i 'm complete beginner : ) )
when that email with copied conversations was sent , we started try to find out how he did it , and we found a shared sype folder inside appdata , then we verified app data witch is also shared . i saw that network path by clicking the right button and properties over appdata folder .
i sincerely hope that was a typo ( 11 ) . i was trying to update using the [ web installer ] (
answers : 1 - currently using chrome dev edition but have used several recently ( explorer , safari & firefox ) while trying to decide which to stay with . 2 - i 'm using divx as that 's the format the files use that i 'm streaming . 3 - i 've never reinstalled the os . 4 - i 've not updated video drivers for years , possibly ever .
how might i go upon uploading as the user apache : apache ?
material : video file = af.flv ( format can be changed , avi or mp4 is okay ) image file = bg.png
i 'm asking how wattage works in relation to laptops .
have tried disabling the antivirus but still the same . about your second comment..yeah it might be the reason
, that sounds like it 's beyond what i 'm comfortable with .
**edit** no torrents . e.g . if i download kali linux via the official host , i currently get 180-250 kb/s , the upload is ~50kb/s.. i 've had cases where a http/s download would get ~4mb/s and the upload maxed out my bandwidth with ~380kb/s..
unfortunately not , i ended up leaving it plugged into ethernet . upgraded to a newer version of linuxmint , seems to be alright now .
microsoft windows
$ cat /etc/hosts 127.0.0.1 locahost 192.168.1.8 desktop $ hostname desktop the redirect is sent from jetty , with a `httpservletresponse.sendredirect ( ) ` tl ; dr : laptop : request desktop : respond with redirect to /index laptop : redirect request to requesting does n't work .
what test can i perform to be certain for that ? i have efi type booting perhaps but my windows is 32 bit , ubuntu live cd does not give option to boot in efi mode , and i tried creating more then four partition in windows but it denied , also 100 mb system partition is quite common with windows installation since long .
- the file has to be secure not just the exchange .
i 've tried using excel 2003 for windows xp ( this is the main version it needs to work on ) and on excel 2011 for mac . i 've tried formatting the cell as _text_ , but then it just fills down , copying cells from above rather than incrementing the pattern .
they are seperated by tabs . thank you !
**note : ** ping loopback /localhost 127.0.0.1 ok ping myipmachine ok ping myipgateway ko restart gateway : not better
, what i want is to allow permissions to access remote ip connection .
this is regular windows server 2008 r2 machine . workgroup machine . hmm ... probably i should try install microsoft visual c++ 2012 redistributable package as administrator ...
i do not mind if it continues to next line . to show you the intended output , i have edited my question .
yes now i do , and it does exactly what i needed . as it happens it occured to me to look there right after i posted the question . i 'll leave the question open - maybe there is a shortcut key too .
in the event viewer > application log , the only things i can see are the hangs of explorer.exe and livecomm.exe .
( 10mar : ) is there some way i can compare the performance at different points in time ?
the answer has been accepted , however any more precise opinion based on documentation are welcomed . note added by barlop- i notice some did n't understand his question , and also that it had some close votes , so i have improved the language of the question . i do n't think asking about correct terminology is wishy washy / subjective , and it 's quite important to have technical language correct .
yes , it 's connected . i can refresh it with the button in the data tab .
: virtualbox does not support windows 95 ( [ source ] ( )
yes an admin account .
i need portable tool only . i want to record and save directly in
it only happened once but i was just curious about what could 've triggered . does event viewer provide more information or does it provide the same information as the reliability monitor ?
i do n't think so . older is when source is older than dest . newer is when source is newer than dest . also i do n't think it looks at access time ( which that is ) , and , i think those access times are a case of newer rather than older . source > dest . see that table
thanks for this , and i apologise for not being more detailed . the cpus are not maxed out , they are at about 25 % and ram usage is at about 50 % . and to clarify , the computation time does not decrease , but my time waiting for the processing halves , as i can run both computers simultaneously .
hi , sorry , i do not understand , what do you mean ? i ca n't access , for example , www.google.com from either the host or any of the guest machines . but if i use googles ip address , i can get the site fine .
didnt help anythin
i mean i want to put 1 day and then the start date and end date should be the same day . i do n't know why it goes to the next day
how could i do that ? , and yes , i want to create a group per interface .
oh i must utilize a client program for it to work ? that seems , weird . anything you suggest ( any free which support nfs4 ? i used nekodrive but that has n't been updated since 2011 and only supports nfs3 ) .
so that i can then extract them from the big list
**edit : ** i do n't have vs2012 installed anymore , but [ here is an example ] ( ) i found online : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] here 's what it currently looks like in vs2013 : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] as you can see `` add view '' is no longer an option . [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
not really , no . i will look for that file . i know it can be hidden or missing , but i have n't checked that option . thanks for the input .
**edit** : i found the culprit . it 's coming from the inside : windows update . how can i prevent windows update from installing the old driver every time i roll back to the 2012 version ? ! [ ] ( )
no , i 'm afraid , i 've got the latest bios version .
that would have been my instant reaction if the battery had n't been working ( at least 1 hour life ) prior to the replacement of the thermal paste . it 's less than 2 years old .
i dont know what either of those are but iwill see if they do it and get back to you thank you
interestingly i have solved the problem , and it is an unfortunate disconnect between the display of a value and the bits used to store it internally . i did in fact copy these values , as values , from a calculated sheet and when expanding the values out to enough significant figures to confirm them exact , they appeared exact ( up to 40sf . ) retyping them manually resolved the issue and all results were exactly zero . it does highlight though a difference in the calculation strategy when brackets are used and that it is not possible to know exactly what value a cell contains .
edit : apparently regular shutdown is also affected - it boots up again a few seconds after shutting down . edit again : and apparently it is working again , after changing literally nothing . what was a completely repeatable issue seems to have spontaneously corrected itself . i wonder if this could be a hardware issue that will occasionally rear its head until the motherboard is replaced . is there anyone out there seeing a similar issue ?
hwo can i set up user profile ?
they are shown every time i open the terminal app
the thing is , i had just upgraded my gpu from a 750 sc to a 960 sc . my 750sc could run at 100 % load at no more than 72c , but my 960sc starts to get throttled at 80c under 100 % load . other than that , my cpu temps before and after have stayed the same , but a particular sensor on the motherboard that seems to control the speed of the case fan ( tmpin1 based on hw monitor ) has seen an increase in temperature . at idle , it is now 46c instead of 43c before , and at load it hits 64c instead of 58c before . i have no idea what exactly this temp is .
yes that works and thank you . can you tell me how can i change the following script so that it only compresses files that are older than 7 days . for % % a in ( d : \agentrics\integration\incoming\mansoor\backup\*.txt* , d : \agentrics\integration\incoming\mansoor\backup\*.cpi* ) do `` c : \program files\winrar\winrar.exe '' a -r d : \agentrics\integration\incoming\mansoor\backup\ '' % % ~na.zip '' `` % % a '' regards , mansoor
as far as i know you need steam and the game installed on the serving machine to stream like that , same with xbox and shield . i do n't want to install anything on the server after the initial setup , i also do n't want to be limited to a library of games .
no , i just used it to install my windows 8
upd . problem solved . deleted files : /users/yourusername/library/preferences/com.apple.console.lssharedfilelist.plist /users/yourusername/library/preferences/com.apple.console.plist /users/yourusername/library/preferences/com.apple.systempreferences.plist reboot
please advice..what changes i should apply to make it work
make it debian .
this is the output of `ffmpeg -codecs | grep vpx` : ./ffmpeg -codecs|grep vpx ffmpeg version n-51352-g81e85bc copyright ( c ) 2000-2013 the ffmpeg developers built on mar 27 2013 19:22:53 with gcc 4.8.0 ( gcc ) configuration : -- enable-gpl -- enable-version3 -- disable-w32threads -- enable-avisynth -- enable-bzlib -- enable-fontconfig -- enable-frei0r -- enable-gnutls -- enable-libass -- enable-libbluray -- enable-libcaca -- enable-libfreetype -- enable-libgsm -- enable-libilbc -- enable-libmp3lame -- enable-libopencore-amrnb -- enable-libopencore-amrwb -- enable-libopenjpeg -- enable-libopus -- enable-librtmp -- enable-libschroedinger -- enable-libsoxr -- enable-libspeex -- enable-libtheora -- enable-libtwolame -- enable-libvo-aacenc -- enable-libvo-amrwbenc -- enable-libvorbis -- enable-libvpx -- enable-libx264 -- enable-libxavs -- enable-libxvid -- enable-zlib libavutil 52 . 22.101 / 52 . 22.101 libavcodec 55 . 2.100 / 55 . 2.100 libavformat 55 . 0.100 / 55 . 0.100 libavdevice 55 . 0.100 / 55 . 0.100 libavfilter 3 . 48.105 / 3 . 48.105 libswscale 2 . 2.100 / 2 . 2.100 libswresample 0 . 17.102 / 0 . 17.102 libpostproc 52 . 2.100 / 52 . 2.100 dev.l . vp8 on2 vp8 ( decoders : vp8 libvpx ) ( encoders : libvpx ) i tried to use `vpxenc` but i do n't know the meaning of its parameters exactly . thanks in advance .
no , nothing ! : - ( if i try : mkdir /mnt/sda1 and after mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/sda1 the result is : invalid argument i 've tryed also : mount | grep sda /dev/sda2 on /media/sda2 type fuseblk ( rw , relatime , user_id=0 , group_id=0 , allow_other , blocksize=4096 ) please help me ! ! !
nevermind ! i just uninstalled the vagrant-aws plugin and reinstalled it , and now it works . there must have been something wrong with the first installation , i guess . thanks anyway !
edit : well , now i 've installed `windowsupdateagent30-x86` and that got me to where i can now browse a list of needed updates , but when i go to install updates i get the same generic error message , but with error number 0x80070715
here 's a pic : i.imgur.com/tfr9dnn.jpg . sorry about the quality , but can those pins be bent ? ? they 're really small . if you mean on the mobo i 'm pretty sure they 're not cuz i put the old cpu in and that still works fine .
: thank you ! in 14 hours , you get the bounty . : - )
that 's hard to tell when there 's no monitor . when i remote in , it uses the audio source of the computer i log in from .
thank you i understand the home key . let me restate my question . for example i am at cell number bh21 and for what i 'm working on i need to use the left scroll button to move quickly along the row until i reach a column . my problem is that moving that quickly the left arrow button does n't stop when it reaches a column but just keeps going and wraps around to the very end column xep21 or whatever the end is . i was already using the spreadsheet with no problem then after modifying a few things this occurred .
i just checked with my phone and i could access it .
west so how can i easily establish something like this . i share my internet connection with my brother . i need to set up a small crawling system on my pc but do n't want to eat all the bandwidth to not give my brother a headache .
how can i check that , exactly ?
by warming up , i meant that i ran the command multiple times until stabilization of performance . regarding the files and directories i used , it 's a java code base , with xx , xxx files and just 10 to 20 small ( < 100kb ) xml files , which are the target of my grep command .
i 'm using windows 7 home .
on the other pc , it does n't even pass the bios splash screen . and i also tried using `` crystaldiskinfo '' , it showed it was good and it 's not overheating ( 40c ) . windows default defragment also showed the hard drive was 2 % fragmented
well ! thanks : ) so there is something wrong with my host network and not remotedesktopconnection , right ? o.o
thank you for your answers !
outlook 2007 for my particular problem .
the error sound happened while windows were working . it was a sudden sound and i recognized it as related with `` new device could n't install '' ( as when you connect a usb device and ca n't find drivers ) .
i changed both linux lines in /cdrom/boot/grub/loopback.cfg ( removed only-ubiquity ) and it still does n't work so i am going to have to create a new initrd for this are n't i ? if so i 'm in over my head .
no process is using it
is a network printer and the printer is default . if i run notepad /p c : \myfile.txt from clear batch file the file is printed .
i think u are getting it wrong . it is already rounded up . but when i use it in the next cell , i want it to take the cell value or the rounded up value but it is still taking the original value ...
yes , i can open firefox and go to crmpicco.co.uk ( and github for that matter ) . i am using virtualbox to manage the virtual machine . could this be an issue with my network adapter setup in virtualbox ? as i say i literally copied my .vbox file onto a external hdd and then moved it onto the other host and then started it with virtualbox ( no other config changes made ) . i assumed this was the easiest way to move it across as i have a bunch of settings that i do n't want to lose . generally it seemed to go smoothly other than this networking problem .
i ca n't find any indication that compiz is installed ( but i 'm not sure how to check definitively ) . i understand it 's more resource-heavy . is that why you asked ? yes , no other display problems .
they 're part of amd catalyst , you ca n't update them seperately
see 3rd paragraph
i need to do this because my brother is visiting some sites that are not for his age . i 've blocked some using the hosts file and even configured a proxy autoconfiguration file to block sites using regexes , but he still manages to open some sites . i ca n't make the pac file more restrictive because it will block some legitmate sites . my plan is to constantly update the hosts file based on the history of the broswer . it is some kind of espionage , but it is for good
[ root @ s1 ~ ] # pvs pv vg fmt attr psize pfree /dev/sda2 vg0 lvm2 a -- 1024.00g 0 /dev/sda3 vg0 lvm2 a -- 1.73t 0
i agree , it was getting confusing . i just rewrote it .
no ... i just set up this new machine , any configuration i should do ?
yeah , the newer versions seem to ...
you do n't have to be a smart a*** : - ) . well , a popular open source solution would probably be good . i did some research and ogg/theora seems to be a good one . i want to see what the superuser community thinks .
swap the hardware ...
no , i have tried every combo i can think of , opt/alt + 3 etc , it produces either 3 or a beep , no other char .
i 'm using windows 7 , and i have pc build by myself and router is huawei hg622u also i have qualcomm atheros ar9285 wireless network adapter .
i do n't think this is a dupe of the cited question because i am not looking to have multiple rdp sessions . and i am not looking to have multiple users logged in . this would be the same user logged in at the machine locally . when i make the rdp connection , it does n't log out the local user , just goes to a lock screen . the session is still there , all apps as they were . i do n't want the lock screen though . i want the local machine to show what is happening in the rdp sessions .
- let 's just close as a duplicate , given that the original was *specifically* for version 2010 , and this was asked for 2007 : )
update : sorry , i should have put the latest feature first ... `` **moving/renaming files according fields/tags** '' is my most wanted request ... update 2 : i want to achieve something like : `` m : \movies\realisator\year . title ( genre ) .avi '' . a syntax that let me choose how i organize my files ( like foobar2000 & mp3 files ) according imdb and manual tags would be great ... and for a perfect world : covers with the same name and lists of not yet ripped/wanted movies ( txt , html or whatever )
i very much doubt she has ssh running . i asked her specifically about that when i e-mailed her , and i 've updated the question above to say that now .
used ip address and hostname , same address . either way it was //hostname/printername ( i did n't even have to type the printer name as windows recognized the host and put a dropdown with avalible printers on that host )
yes i realize that . i 'd like a dedicated *nix box that i can use to talk to my other computers ( network programming etc ) .
i have added version ( 3.4.2 build 32126 32 bit ) which setting should i list , there are nemourous
i have a weekly calendar monday - friday and i want to split monday into 3 columns tuesday into 3 columns ...
~/.mozilla left by firefox , for example
bonnie++ produced similar results . read speed is faster then write ( about `60mb/s` ) , still not nearly the possible `150mb/s` though . i added kernel and `ntfs-3g` versions to my question .
yes , partitions might have been the problem in the past . how to restore 80gb partition into a new 500gb partition ? any link to a good tutorial ?
i stopwatched it and it took 5:10 seconds to shutdown but less than 10 seconds to boot
as stated , i want the working directory of the contained shell in my hardstatus .
i tried changing options of the open function between false and true but it was the same .
since then , i have found `xpra` which does even more than i initially needed .
i do n't even have firewall enabled on my pc , and if i turn off redirect than i get connection to vpn but i get internet from my home network . using wget i can download files from ip but entering any domain address it got stuck .
**and strange case : ** i tested as below 127.0.0.1 yahoo.com - > this blocks yahoo.com but not www.yahoo.com 127.0.0.1 www.yahoo.com - > this does n't block www.yahoo.com
turns out it was the image - install worked fine on a different copy . if you post this response as an answer i will mark it as correct .
how would you give the drives the same 'serial ' ?
no , that 's what i wanted to show with my commands ( find . -maxdepth 1 -name ' . * ' -type f | xargs grep 007 gives no results as can be seen )
how do get rid of the restriction and stop it from denying access .
the mac 30 '' monitor comes with its own cable built in , so you do n't get a choice
office computer . it 's running windows 8.1 pro .
i am . however , it seems unlikely that this is causing the issue , as the update frequency is much higher than the shortage frequency . also , the shortage does not always happen -- in some cases i see an entirely smooth graph without shortages .
i tried many possibilites for the destination folder , this is just an exemple
it 's for work . otherwise i 'd be on linux
output :
that is the point , hoping there is an exploit around this to save me grief of reinstalling .
i 'm automating a command line for now . it is supposed to feed input into cin 's ( console inputs ) automatically
they have blocked both of the ports 25 and 143. the only solution i can see right now is to use wireless for email and use wired connection for everything else . i 'm not an advanced user . so , i had to ask here .
error image is attached
* windows 7 * eclipse pdt 2.1 sr-2
its for use in america . ordered off ebay in america .
using sysintenal 's process monitor , i can see that the process that 's causing it is usually svchost or something like that ; it 's never a process that i am able to easily relate to anything other than the os itself , really .
i might be wrong about sftp . all i did was open iyf , indexed shared network location ( \\10.3.20.65\ssc ) , opened this location in winscp ( connected as sftp ) , found that full path is \home\something\ssc , got some read access to \home and other folders and want to index all those with data . i think it is samba server ( do n't know how it works )
yes . i neeed it to go through socks proxy , cause i need to do many things , like debugging http traffic , using charles web proxy and so on . to just share internet connection i can use builtin mac os x internet sharing .
i edited it for knoppix , and i was using block level because it leaves it as an iso . will a file level copy compact into an iso as well ?
sorry , i ca n't find it anymore .
i 'm running a vm test environment , regularly snapshotted , so screwing up is no biggie . using /u01 /u02 etc is the norm within oracle systems , which is why i needed to create that folder .
yes , that 's exactly what i mean
, nothing is wrong with find and replace , i just thought that if you can add text to multiple lines , you would be able to delete text from multiple lines .
only during games thus far : / i even did the bioshock infinite benchmark and it worked ! but bioshock infinite the game crashed the computer in a matter of minutes .
what is `` nas '' ?
yes . it turns out that visio 2013 standard edition does not provide uml shapes . upgrading to professional provides uml shapes .
so you mean copying and pasting to , cc , subject , content , and the `delayed delivery` option . wow , i do n't think i would love my day full with that : (
i am trying to forward via the standard linksys ui ( 192.168.1.1 ) . under the port forwarding menu it gives a table where you can type in a port number and a target ip address . in this table , the first two segments are greyed out , meaning that i can only type in something after 192.168. there 's no error : it leads me to believe that this is intentional .
so i can install more ram .
it is a java written program .
can we do that ? how ? ( i dont use windows firewall btw , got eset smart security )
no , the ping has no response . i am using mountain lion .
unfortunately , we need to preset the resolution for some machines , and there is a defined method for this only through the initial setup of the first gpu driver instance ( from unattend.xml ) . there is no official way to tell a driver installed afterwards what resolution it should use .
: : *client for microsoft networks* is enabled as well as *ipv4* . i currently have *ipv6* disabled for it .
nope . so now is there any way ? ? ?
: i got to a terminal by trying to get to runlevel 3 : `linux [ ... ] 3` which in the case of systemd , just forces me into single user mode . `` root password or ctrl+d '' kind of stuff .
i checked with two readers - did n't check apdus in details but ammount and kind appear the same . concerning the second reader i 'm absolutely sure i never explicitly installed any driver or bundle software .
date and time in y axis and just a tic in x axis to represent data
thank you for the help .
updated the question , i hope this is clearer .
edit : my bios offers three modes : ide , ahci and raid ( xhd ) . the latter one causes the same problem as ahci .
no i do n't think it crashed the process is still there listening to ports . also , openvpn is not using much of ram , since we 're only testing the service with max 2 clients at a time .
no . lenovo says os is my baby - checked again with them . let me check the bios options .
on a fresh install of chrome ? lol no .
**edit : ** i found where to put the sim card , in the battery bay , and this changed the info displayed in the 3g connection manager . however , my status tells me to turn the radio on using the switch on the notebook , but i only find one 'radio ' switch , and toggling it turns the wlan off . the connection manager help says to use it 's settings tab to switch radio on , but the settings tab is disabled , and on that tab it says that radio is on , so i do n't know where i stand .
: i do n't understand . i installed 2010 , so 2003 does not exist anymore ...
mac os x , thanks
nope , and walmart seems to be fresh out .
i disabled the firewall , and i noticed that i cant even ping to 127.0.0.1
that is of course where i started but i had no luck ,
it 's a cannon mp210 ...
i tried javascript bookmarklets but they get flushed after the page reloads too .
, i have deleted and recreated the junction many times , but the behavior has n't changed . i do n't know what you mean by `` fix '' the function ?
note : the # @ key is the one below the escape button in this picture :
along these lines in httpd.conf # listen 12.34.56.78:90 listen 8080 # listen 0.0.0.0:8080 looking at it i changed it in to : # listen 12.34.56.78:90 # listen 8080 listen 0.0.0.0:8080 and wola database is receiving values now : ) but after stetting up wordpress i am receiving this error : '' you do not have sufficient permissions to access this page . ''
how about this : [ image bin link ] ( note that i set up the two modems two use the vlan 's for their ppp traffic . i have shown two connections between the modems and the ethernet switch , but in reality of course there is only 1 , the other is virtual . the issue seems to be 'cross talk ' between the vlan 's for pppoe traffic .
i used the omnibus package , as told to do in this tutorial :
no , i do n't have a seperate dns server . i experience problems only when my internet is offline . what is mean is , i am not able to access any public sites from an home pc . when this happens , share folders across devices are not accessible .
so dual core pentium-processor got 5-6 m cache is compatible with core i3 and i5 or less performance as compare to these i3 and i5 processor
yes , each time the windows setup is launched again . when i go look at the content of the drive , everything looks the same ( no windows , users or program files folder )
the way i had it set up on windows 7 it did n't point to a mapped drive , just a unc share . in other words i linked directly to \\mycomputer\myshare\myfolder as opposed to mapping \\mycomputer\myshare as z : and then linking to z : \myfolder . but that was a good idea , so i tried the mapped drive approach , and unfortunately that does n't work either .
the standard cable , might be tricky to spot in that picture , here 's another
they have different accounts on the server , so their server accounts are members of the group .
it does not . the goal is to use a laptop as a second controller in a two-player game like monaco . vnc would take over the first player 's control . i 'm guessing nobody has done this yet but i 'm hoping someone will eventually answer with a solution .
unfortunately , that was the first thing i checked . usb is plugged into the 2.0 port . for added detail , when i go to the device manager , there are those yellow triangles with exclamation marks for ethernet controller , pci data acquisition and signal processing , pci memory controller , pci simple communications , sm bus controller , and universal serial bus controller .
: sadly no . i tried local and public ip of the firewall as well , none of them worked : login is successful but no directory listing .
point taken . first card is 72c when just idle desktop after being on for a few hours , no gaming - is that reasonable ?
ignore the file or ideally report them
windows 7 , please note the context menu command of auto-play is under ultraiso sub menu .
**edit** the current distributions of use at the moment are debian and linux mint .
yes , it 's ultimate ... i think the institution from which i took it , has customized it to make it low weighted ... like removing internet explorer as mentioned above
done in disk management , `` create spanned volume ''
i 'm using kali 3.14 and i selected the full partition encryption while install ! ( i do n't know what kinda encryption method that is )
, not by myself . i rely on installer auto-partitioning program . do i need to do it manually ?
hi geekosaur , do you mean enable telnet client in windows features ? if it is , yes i did .
it 's serious in the sense that zeros/ones on a disk are all data . it is interesting to consider the 'active ' amount of substrate on the disk .
the msinstaller setup log shows nothing , and i do n't seem to see anything in the event log either . but i 'm guessing that doing a `` fresh '' reinstall of the app should solve it , right ?
image compression document-wide ? what do you mean by that ? is n't everyrthing automatically compressed when it goes into the .zip docx container ? though , i 'm actually finished with the reencoding ( search & replace .emf with .jpeg on the resource xml , suck out the emfs , shove them through imagemagik , push them back in . ) so yeah , it 's easier than i thought . still , i 'd like it if word could handle this automatically .
i edited the post
i set the permission `` allow_disable_firewall '' to `` true '' . but it still does n't work . it occurs to me that checkpoint does n't work very well under server 2012 .
-after the crontab -e it shows that it is saving to a temporary file . is this a problem ?
, my second ftp site requires ftp over ssl , and my first ftp does not . i have been told that if i add the ssl to the first ftp , it might break the ftp and screw up all of my other folders .
yes , it 's 10.6.8
( a clean install )
yes i turned on usb debugging and i saw my phone in the device list
right . if she had a ms wireless mouse for real , this would pick it up . my guess is there is one in a drawer somewhere with the batteries all but run down . worse , apparently it has one of the mouse buttons stuck down ( or something on it ) . if we let the mouse actually connect it interferes with clicking using the trackball ( or built-in track-pad ) .
no ... ... .
sorry i was not sure if you were joking ... because i was suspecting os , sorry.. of course i want honest possibilities . is there any log where i can find hdd errors ? i tried to look in administrative tools > event viewer but i 've found nothing .
all browsers . the source looks like this :
i put jdk here : /usr/bin/jdk1.7.0_02 export path= $ path : /usr/bin/jdk1.7.0_02/bin
the hosting service that i already have ( mddhosting ) is bought through paypal ( with credit card ) . then it can be tracked ?
got the answer i was looking for . i was curious to whether it would actually allow the computer to boot and would it theoretically still be able to run the browser even though it would n't be displayed . do n't think i made it too clear so my apologies
ping is a very common utility , how come the device had icmp disabled , then how i am able to access internet.. see my tracert logs .
update : uninstalled and re-installed chrome , and that seems to have fixed the issue .
sftp , i have `sshd` running and use it to access the server when i 'm not at home . the ftp server would just be for use within the lan .
it 's windows xp sp3 . i 've edited the question to include that detail .
no , before the if , the pause works as expected .
added an example
same thing when i restart , calibration goes off again
i use sql authentication . yes , sql agent is running .
xp pro > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
yes they both set to the same resolution
some of us remove it , and then others ca n't use my computer..
please check i have included error image .
: sorry , forgot to respond here sooner . as i said in the post , i `` solved '' it by reformat . i 've not really looked into it since then ( looked into it quite a bit at the time and came up empty ) , which is why i posted here to see if anyone knew what was what . glad to hear utah was good !
wired .
problem is with all files . i have tried changing the zoom level from 100 % to 25 % and reverse but it still does not show anything .
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
i 'd like this to stay within the lan . when i say ip i mean 192.168.* . * which is assigned by a dhcp server . in my home lan i have static leases for all my devices , but this is n't possible/feasible in a public network .
i tried `ping -m dont 8.8.8.8` . returned nothing .
right : ) my obsolete laptop 's hdd is running out of space . that 's one reason . the other is i like useful tweaks !
~ # aptitude show kdebase-kio-plugins no current or candidate version found for kdebase-kio-plugins package : kdebase-kio-plugins state : not a real package the file is open in tmp and when i save it save in tmp not on samba server .
that is bizarre , i had tried nc yesterday and it did not work ( it just hang there fro several minutes ) , but now it seems to work . so i guess `nc -z $ servn > /dev/null ; echo $ ? ` should do the job . or even without redirection to /dev/null .
yes , practically i 'd like to boot the real disk in the virtual machine but be able to boot it also in the dual boot if i need to
thanks @ yassarikhan786 .yes , the removable disk is still there.. well there is a difference between [ safely remove and eject ] (
**edit : one week later** i am at my wits end with this ... i have tried installing windows on *four* different hard drives , using *two* completely different motherboards , i even borrowed a copy of windows 7 ultimate as well as my legit win7pro disk . i have tried with no existing partitions , and with existing ( and fully functional ) ntfs partitions . i 've tried installing off of usb and dvd . every time i get to the screen shown above i get the same result .
edit : vmware workstation 6.5 i could not find a pxe option in the settings , and i did look in the vm config file for `` pxe '' but did not find one .
no . i cant seem to access bios upon boot due to the grub rescue error . previously i had n't done any bios setting , simply deleted linux partition from window 7 and restarted laptop with dvd to boot . can u suggest any way to access it or to restore grub loader ? so i can reset bios settings and than install master window boot loader ?
the results seem almost identical ... we may be talking milliseconds and i am not stop-watching it that carefully . it may be perception , may be that windows still can not manage memory and/or searches well ... the `` wait forever blue bar crawls across the search pane '' just like in xp and every windows before or since . i am about to eliminate the page file and re-testing ... if that does nothing i will revert to stock speed and try that again ... then i will still likely be looking at ways to increase speed , maybe play will the ram speed next ... thx !
what are they doing in those hours ?
sure , i 've got it now , but for testing try this :
.5ghz i mean : ) sorry about that .
its occurrence possible in b2 and c2 . other cell format given question
no , i can not find one . perhaps i missed it , what would it be called ?
here is what ls -al says of work folder drwxr-x -- -+ 3 root root 4096 dec 7 18:40 .. -rwxr-xr-x 1 prathik prathik 8 dec 7 20:32 i.txt drwxrwxrwx 1 root root 0 dec 5 15:45 $ recycle.bin drwx -- -- -- 1 root root 0 dec 7 20:41 system volume information
if i buy windows 7 , yes i 'll get the license key and install dvd .
i use npp , but i was also thinking google chrome .
i do n't have , and ca n't get an internet connection .
redim myarray ( 0 to 0 )
i did , that solved nothing . i also directly connected to the internet ( usually use a router as a middleman . so i know it 's not a router issue either .
with inport/export can i import a bunch of calendars together though ?
. i have a backup of the data , and obviously i wo n't do that manually , just wish there was a simple tool for this purpose .
whoami ( as 'who am i ' ) will print the current user , but i do n't think it will allow the script to work .
i think its integrated . but if not , why disabling it wouldnt work ?
openssh_5.8p1 debian-7ubuntu1 , openssl 1.0.0e 6 sep 2011 debug1 : reading configuration data /etc/ssh/ssh_config debug1 : applying options for * debug1 : connecting to 192.168.1.230 [ 192.168.1.230 ] port 22. debug1 : connect to address 192.168.1.230 port 22 : connection refused ssh : connect to host 192.168.1.230 port 22 : connection refused this is my output
thanks @ afrazier - i did n't think the 248 would be able to cope ( would be transcoding 576i mpeg2 to 2mbit h264 ) .
wow ! i have heard this for the first time . i will increase the resolution now , and try again : ) thanks
large video files mostly . same as before the drop in speeds so the files are not the problem . source ( laptop ) is ssd .
i am using the mcafee antivirus version 11.6
yes - [ this text is for padding purposes to allow me to commit the comment ]
the way i bought it was actually through my school . i 'm a cs major and they sell us copies for 5 dollars . i think they have something worked out with microsoft . so it 's a very odd situation
i mean cmd ! i updated my question
yeah ... thought of that ... though not really easy.. it 's a very rainy country ... and this is the first device to do this with me.. then again , first time to use this brand : / i guess i 'll try my luck with a 16v adapter
alienware . i do n't know the exact specifications because it was a gift but it 's one of the lower models , a few years old .
i 'm afraid it does.. : )
no toner is not fully empty . it was printing . suddenly stopped and giving the message .
hi @ psychodata - turns out it actually is a bug - see edited question .
it came with an enclosure it uses usb 2.0 .
the newest one that 's free .
i am not sure if there is a built-in whitelist capability . this link : tells that the router can be accessed with telnet , but i am not sure how it can be programmed further to block/allow sites .
it 's the motherboard , asus 10pe-d16/4l
i wrote my own function to give me information about my git branch that i named `` git_branch '' , e.g . : git_branch ( ) {
they are sharing the same hard drive . i 'm just using drag and drop of files
i think it is a truetype font , but i am not sure - if it is not , and that is the problem , what is the solution ? just have to change to a truetype font ?
both windows 7. do you mean [ this option ] ( because i think that is n't what i need .
the files being synced wo n't be used at the same time .
it 's debian etch - sorry i should have checked that prior to posting . i 've edited and retagged again as i now think i 've found a kb article which describes the problem ( but i ca n't risk breaking dns for a while ) :
raid .
let 's say the file name is longer , and composed of many serial id 's , like this for example : `t.359230514.eft.on.myfile.d20140829.t1845329` and let 's say i wanted to insert characters after `` myfile '' . and let 's say that tab would bring up way too many results . basically , longfilename is just a place holder for any file where tabbing would have too many results and be too difficult to type out .
it 's the corsair force gt 120 .
i did n't load any drivers the first time i installed it , but i 'll download them and put them on the same usb drive and see if that helps . so i just do load drivers and let it do its thing and try installing windows again ?
i would like to 'regenerate ' the mbr as such that i can boot from this drive into my windows 7 installation . are there tools that can help me in this situation ?
for *dos* applications , yes . but what about *windows* console applications ? rebooting into safe mode to get a plain non-accelerated vesa is not an option .
yes but that is n't the question . i want to make sure it has n't been tampered with ( no trojans , viruses , or other malicious code ) - in other words that it actually came from oracle unaltered . that 's the point of sha1 hashes and signed executables .
it only supports 2 drives , so that 'd mean simply throwing away the existing terabyte drives i 've purchased . also , i think tape would be more reliable to put in a safety deposit box somewhere ...
there 's an application i want to leave running , but it slows down terribly whenever it 's unfocused . not sure if setting it to real time is gon na make a difference , but i thought i 'd give it a try . ( and i will , shortly )
. i.e. , given the sales figures for each month , during which month did the total exceed a given break-even point ? total sales
i have n't tried that because i am living abroad and pretty much everyone i know lives in a dorm , but i will try that as soon as i can . thanks !
why it ca n't be runs under administrator ? for some purpose i need to work with administrator account { for example to working vs 2010 with iis 7.5 properly and have n't need to choose run as administrator for each time i 'm using and ... }
, the todo application
but it would still be interesting to know if it is possible to use the pipeline .
this requires me to enter my password , on top of requiring an action . i 'd want it to be automatic .
mt , yes it is still open and if i close the last sheet showing on the taskbar it will show again . raystafarian , each worksheet is unique and all can be found in excel when you start minimizing them or moving them around . miroxlav , i did set `` never combine '' and it still happens .
i edited my question .
i tried extracting that part using 7zip and then re-zipped it with a common folder structure as other parts . i get a checksum error when i did that .
what i downloaded from their armv7l repository did not work . i had to compile from source . however , npm did not compile along with it . not such a big deal ; i just have to manually copy over modules that i installed on another system ( since they 're all just js ) . thank you for your time !
it was an imap account . what do you mean by having already a .pst file ? if you mean the account , yes , if the personal folders file , no .
i would work same as ctrl-c/ctrl-d only if you are on this particular split where the logs are attacking . any more complicated case results i no response .
after some more testing , this appears to be a glitch or bug within windows . i 've now tried many more fullscreen-applications , and regardless of whether i use dx11 or dx9 , this message pops up for no reason . whenever i run the same applications in windowed mode , this does not occur , the performance of the system however , heavily decreases . to sum it up : - pop-up appears when performance of the system is good . - pop-up does not appear when performance is low . - can not be disabled . - bug that only microsoft can fix . now , how do i contact microsoft support ... ?
- i updated the question with that info .
i 'm using 32.0.2 and ca n't reproduce the issue . in fact it disappeared quite a while ago , which i think must have been because of firefox auto-updating .
nope . none of the f keys do anything except for cmd+f5 which opens voiceover .
( using a mac is also an option , which i 'd prefer . not sure if mail.app has more options , though . )
tcp 0 0 0.0.0.0:22 0.0.0.0 : * listen tcp6 0 0 : ::22 : : : * listen
when logging in ( after giving the correct password )
i have only posted the part of the code in question , no more no less .
i want to do a complete restore to factory settings using the assistant wizard thing . i got a great new all-in-one pc for christmas and i wanted to take advantage of its superior hardware so i installed a lot of free new hobby stuff that was supposed to be great , but the main components did n't work which made all of those programs and files useless . i want to get rid of all the excess c++ files and hidden folders and so on that are still here even though i 've deleted and uninstalled everything . i do n't want to use flash drives anymore .
yes i did , i dont think it is a driver issue . it crashes before windows loads so windows doesnt even detect a crash etc . as soon as i press the power button it crashes and then starts properly
so how do i use the interface ?
yes startup speed has considerably decreased . i mean the step after i enter my username to log into the system . why is this expected and normal @ magicandre1981 ?
i thought maybe i missed a particular magical option . @ raystafarian , it is just eating up all the bandwidth my computer has , no issue with any other resource .
**edit : ** my term is set to `` xterm ''
3.0.5744-02 , but it does n't really matter . i just want to associate the `/usr/bin/picasa` command with the `picasa : ` url scheme . the version of picasa should not matter , but the version of chrome might .
i 've got ultra vnc 1.8.2 and tight vnc installed . ultra vnc does n't work well with snow leopard so i can run the keyboard into a faulty state that keeps the option key activated from then on ( so far the only way to work it ) .
i am getting some really weird behavior . my file is actually called data.pdf . so , i typed d , and pressed tab , and that returned with 3 options - devtoolssecurity , directoryservice , and derez . as per ls , all these 3 are not even in the pwd .
i think so . ( i use windows 7 ) . of course , i 'd need to see the solution to really judge whether it 's satisfactory .
it 's worse without an extension because then youtube pushes vp9 . it 's approximately the same with h264ify extension that does pretty much the same without bells and whistles of magicactions . both are highly rated extensions . i googled around and found more than a few other users complaining about this but no solutions . chrome 's support forum was n't helpful at all .
: i do n't have this code anymore . but the statement that caused this behavior was trying to copy into a folder which did not exist . i forgot about a `-force` statement , then i found that `-force` does not work for files , only for folders , so i went with a different approach . i did not use source control , unfortunately . and i am not even sure if the issue is powershell related - i can not reproduce it . : )
yes , it is . but clicking on it on firefox does n't show up that `` scroll circle '' anymore , neither .
i 'd love to ! but i do n't know how : i see `create profile` , `rename profile` , `delete profile` , `work offline` , `do n't ask at startup` , `start firefox` , `exit` , and dominantly a list of my profiles as 'display names ' . when i copied my profile folder , the named profile in this list was not duplicated . so either there is a register or index to them , or because of the colliding names it was n't displayed . i tried to right-click a profile name but nothing happened , while double-right click is the same as double-left click in effect . how to do the recover functionality you speak of ?
i 've been tasked with fixing a vendor 's program that , under certain conditions , dumps gigs of junk files into a log directory . it ends up filling users ' machines . my task is to figure out how to make it stop without any source code , and without making the program kasplode .
yes , the only think i could say is that when entering the device into the domain the first time it did n't work . i 'm not sure if i added it via company.local or via company.local . ( see the dot ' . ' at the end ) but if i check the domain it is correct , i also see it in my ad .
version info 8.0.552.224 stable
ca n't say because site does n't provides checksums . i downloaded it with curl .
flipse , software development and testing is computer related . sample video that is best suitable of testing players ( which are software ) is related to testing software , so related to computers .
i then tried rebooting and still got the same error . is there
proxifier is just and only for windows , unfortunately ! because it works amazingly , supporting every single protocol in the world and working with any server with any nasty configuration ... , i love to set proxy settings internally as i said firefox does n't regard the remote-dns-through-socks option , all the requests are blocked at dns server side , even if use ip address manually , there is elements in every page which do n't , the bug report for ff is risen , but no fix yet
, the message was longer , i think . even though your comment makes perfect sense , it does n't answer the question that i asked , which is about whether or not html form data recovery from ie11 is possible , how to achieve it , and/or how to avoid it in the future via installing add-ons/etc . i would n't be asking this if retyping the lost message was trivial .
: it 's pure black , nothing appears at all . i am looking for a monitor at the moment . any idea about why device manager not showing anything when checking via remote desktop ?
hi dave , i need all the serial numbers from column c for device a delivered in uk for order 112
i 'm a university student , and i had to google what ccna stands for , so no , i 'm not a ccna student : )
: not an option for everyone . when this question was written i had gotten the visual studio installer from an academic subscription system run by the university that did not allow repeated downloads . ( now i have an msdn subscription to use but it is 3 years later ... )
nope , dual-monitor desktop . : - ) but only one of them can be controlled through a remote ...
**note ! ** please note that the folder names must include the digits . think of the list above as the actual list of folders .
more than 320 , although i am approaching screen width ... but not quite . i would like to use more of my screen width-wise .
linux ubuntu or windows 7
no , it was n't locked . so , i 've just tried locking it and it looks like it 's just as unreadable in either position .
they should not , plain ascii and all legal characters , but i will try .
=if ( vlookup ( a2 & b2 ; & c2 ; , share ! a : d,2 , false ) =a2 , true , false ) this is the other way of doing things . i accepted @ jnevill answer . i compared mine and his , both ways are correct .
there is no problem with timeout and unmounting automatically mounted partition . the issue here is to use config file a on network aa and config file b on network bb .
i have looked at the chaos microsoft calls `` scheduled tasks '' , where i ca n't sort them all by last execution time because they are already sorted into folders - one task per folder . is there anythign i can do to make the search easier ?
well if i can install and then run without a gpu , then that works . i did look at buying a gpu , but the cheapest i quickly found was a hd 5450 that comes to 23 after postage .
not i ca n't ping the dvr , wlan ip address is 192.168.1.35
i 've added the desktop information , i 'll have to get the laptops later , it 's a lenovo though , so should be a different card/driver
i do n't drive protect the drive because i ca n't do that without administrator access .
nope , with ssh all is ok - i 'm able to login
both , first is on-board , thought that had blown , so now there is a second pci card
without trying to move this to a discussion , i really would like to move away from m $ , due to licensing costs
thanks and sorry for delay , . yes all devices , linux , android and windows share the same issue , time outs and lag persists on all devices connect to the wifi network
it was a genuine 16 gigabyte drive that was usable before hand , i would love to try using linux software , but , i do n't have a linux computer
it worked with that flatten , but now i ca n't do nothing on this layer ... it 's like it 's not layer anymore
it 's a 950w monster . i 'm just thinking that the fakeraid just is n't up to the task . right now there are 10 hd 's in the system , but their green drives . i 've read that green drives do n't like raid , but it was never an issue till drive 6 was added to the raid array . the other four are not in any sort of raid .
it has udev ` [ martin @ martin may_2015 ] $ ps ax | grep udev` `831 ? ss 0:00 /usr/lib/systemd/systemd-udevd `4247 pts/7 s+ 0:00 grep -i -- color=auto udev`
open pages from site xyz in an external browser or with another rendering engine
i put them in the wrong playlist by mistake .
i did an apt-get update only no apt-get upgrade
hi there . thanks in advance . i dont wan na hardware purchasing recommendations . i want to make ( build ) a board like this one : laptop keyboard model is sony 013-100a-8715-a with 32pin ribbon cable . i want to make a board like above ... .. so i can connect the 32pin ribbon cable on one side and solder a usb cable on the other side . thanks in advance for any help about this . best regards !
we managed to sort it out today . it took a little upgrade to the firmware of the router .
yeah after uninstalling rebooted the system and executed the ie10 exe . while installation now it is showing a error message .
hi @ cmorse . i 'm trying to install windows 7 ( but windows 8 would also be helpful ) .
as i said the log entries are immense and cant narrow down anything useful yet ... i am more than happy to run any diagnostics you would like and post the log .
thank you . i will investigate .
without reinstalling windows
i 'm wondering if i need to use the getpivotdata function ? my pivot table does not automatically use that function so if i want a cell outside of the pivot table to equal a sum inside the pivot table , it will stay on that cell rather than stay on the sum when the pivot table expands with more data . i just not sure how to use that function .
i 'm using 2007 version . and i tried to _define new list styles_ and _new multilevel lists_ - different ways , but i assume i need to have only one multilevel list , because if i have more - they are working independently . or how i can connect them ?
yes different resolutions .
ya it is 192.168.1.1
**update** : since it is true that it does not work in dos 1.x then is it possible to get that output using some functionality of virtual box or say by getting the output from some log files .
well i want to do any pod command and i always get that response . even with `pod install`
when i pushed f12 in list is only my master c disk . i think , windows trying detect my new hard disk ad sd card . maybe is there problems ?
i am fairly certain that windows does not have tail by default . ( typed `` tail '' into cmd and got `` 'tail ' is not recognized as an internal or external command , operable program or batch file . '' )
- [ how to remember multiple tabs ' session in terminal ? ( alike ff session manager ) ] (
yes , i 've hooked up the power to them . for the gpu i swapped cables and made sure the connection was firm , and for the cpu i tried both the 4-pin and 8-pin cpu power connectors .
most probably are , but there could be exceptions
yes , that is the job of dpkg . and sorry about the bad word but i was frustrated . i have edited it now .
when using thunderbird the client can be very slow and it can take a long to send out emails . i should mention that multiple people are using thunderbird to access the same imap accounts but most often at different times .
firewall was correct , but it was on the server , not my client machine . submit the answer and i 'll mark it .
well , if i click on a folder it takes me inside , but clicking on that library like homepage does n't do anything .
yes it is this problem related to jailbreak .. ? because ive seen other forms where people without jailbreaking are having the same problem ... . but they werent able to troubleshoot it
oh also , just to clarify , i searched for some pointers on how to set the hostname ( using both terminal and system prefs ) before posting , and even though i had this hostname set for a long while , worked fine and did not change anything related lately ... hence why i 'm confused .
it wo n't open any file
same result when saving as pdf in the normal dialog . thanks for the link , but it produces a same size pdf regardless of those quartz options ...
i am using excel 2013 .
hi rich , i am glad i am not the only one aware of the issue but unfortunately i do not think i found the solution at the end . i just upgraded my ios from 8 to 9 and recognizes that apple has changed the font from helvetica to san francisco and i do not like it . sometimes we need to accept world is not perfect . i do not remember if i raised the issue to any eclipse forum . i would hope i could retire earlier and have time to look into eclipse source to find out the reason .
i am not really sure why is it happening as the same cable works fine with windows 7 whereas it fails to do so in debian . anyways , if it helps , here are what the cable says old one : hotron e246588 `ru` ( looks like an interverted r adjoined with a u ) awm style 20276 vw-1 80c 30v c`ru` awm i/ii a/b 80c 30v ft1 new one : awm 2919 vw-1 80c 30v vw-1 low voltage computer cable bailiheng blh:20000229 the only technical thing i could make out from above is the older one is an awm style 20276 cable whereas the newer one is a awm style 2919 one . how does that matter ?
2 crashes so far . one said recovering from a video card problem and the other said nothing and just became unresponsive .
i ca n't remember the exact name but my webserver works only ssdh is down . i 've a defense script to protect my sshd installed .
: i tried with two accounts . i do n't know in one of them but in mine i do n't have it linked and fails in the same way . thank you
there are things such as shows and such . but a few are for work , and others that i do n't want to lose them . i change the tabs as well ( referencing manuals , online references , and such ) , and closing the tabs then having to re-open them later via history or other means takes up too much time .
hi , yes ... it was n't a bios problem after all . it was due to ram failure and the part had to be replaced . apparently , the only acer models with the black screen of death , are the two that are mentioned in acer 's faq page whose bios files for flashing are available . i mistakenly thought my model had the same issue .
what if that source becomes unavailable ( e.g . the server goes down or a network partition happens ? )
i 'm using virtualbox 4.2.26 , to make the vhd i used disk2vhd 1.64. i get the same results if i use vhdx.. so i stick with vhd .
there is as small +3v battery . could it be that it supplies power to this component and the battery is just out ?
===edit=== osr analysis here
i need to roll out new a/v to 100 machines . to uninstall the old requires a reboot after the silent uninstall . and then the new is to be installed . how would you do it ?
thanks all - i did get an answer , though - see below .
i believe so because i have been using this ubuntu installation without any issues for 3 months now .
it was already installed . if only i can export from windows xp , i believe i can use any os
*update* i need to use the smaller zipped files alone which are able to be unzipped alone . my intension is to use virustotal.com to scan a big folder .
the message i get is `` this computer ca n't connect to the remote computer . try connecting again ... ''
update : turns out it was some services that were running in the background that was causing this problem .
updates are n't blocked , i have done the same thing on other computers , but yes i am a domain administrator .
i am unable to do anything in disk utility :
it is a whole environment , not just one file . if it was a single file i would have copied it locally and executed it . the file has to be run from its location on the server with a bunch of arguments .
it is windows 8. maybe i do n't understand encryption so well then.. how do lock/unlock ? will this achieve what i am after and if someone else took the drive from me they would n't be able to get past the lock ? i do have one wd external drive that comes up with a 'lock ' feature when i plug it in , but it still seems to provide access to the files whether locked or not..
i believe that is correct .
it does indeed fully open the file .
the point is i do n't need any data . can i reset the disk ?
yes , but for a desktop connection , the host ( the machine connected to the screen ) needs to connect to the client ( my laptop ) . i want this process reversed : the client connects to the host , and the host shows the shared screen on the monitor .
sorry for the late reply . no , i never did get an answer out of this .
it only shows info , but that 's what i expect it to do when i call it without arguments , so for the purpose of this demonstration it works .
i did n't know about the mbr limit at the time .
( win7 , i only have keys for those right now , i am going to jump strait to win10 , i am not very happy with win8 ) so , yes , improper use of my wording , the os is still the os , but it will still be 'not the same/limited ' . i have used virtualbox and vmware , and i have never seen a decent range of gpu support.. but with my gpu and its popularity , who knows , it may very well be supported ... . but regardless - the overhead of the hypervisor whether baremetal or os level is something i do n't want to necessarily have . i wind up going this route regardless ... running vms certain does have its advantages
yes i am using sudo
i 'm looking for a wysiwyg editor .
did n't tried ; actually i have to be sure to run it in production server . i have wanted someone to review the code ? if thats possible .
yes , it still boots .
i have already restarted thunderbird after the change . is this not enough ?
thanks for your fast comments !
: i 'm using windows 8.1 pro preview with en-us as the default culture .
c++ support is added . i doubt that i would see the c++ templates if it was not installed .
there is nothing related to battery settings in the bios .
i installed them from the acer resource cd . it was named 'amd vga chip madison_pro ' in that cd .
no . near as i can tell , it is a difference between server and desktop versions of windows .
yes , and 27
no , it just happens in chrome .
> this is my old ram details by cpu-z > this is the new ram i bought from flipcart and notice i got the > evmp1g800u68d one . **motherboard intel d102ggc2 , cpu intel pentium d 2.8ghz**
you mean on the linux side ? i 'm not sure . i can tell you settings on my windows computer , but i do n't have much access to the linux computer . but should n't this be an issue with my computer only ?
the output is to stdout , but the command outputs current state and the exits . if i run 'showst > log.txt ' i would get just the current state . i want to see all the possible states over a period of time . i want identical outputs `` folded '' and only when something in the output changes i want to see new entry in the log .
havok : actually , i 'm not sure . i 'm using openvpn but perhaps that does n't help answer the question .
yes ! i have replaced my batteries with new ones.and yes i have moved it closer to usb receiver.but none of this is working.actually my keyboard works perfectly when i just login.but after 30-40 minutes of typing these kind of problems starts to appear .
i first had a table of destination address ranges like the second set of binary numbers you see above ( with the `` through '' ) , then i had to make a forwarding table using the longest matching prefix needed to forward packets to a link interface . that 's why it is n't a perfect set of octets .
: i have openvpn installed as service and configured it to start automatically , but when the openvpn gui is turned off , i cant connect to server , even if the service works ..
: yes , it would ( hence backups ) . but with ( say ) just a normal hdd partition , gzipped tar files , etc. , i have multiple independent implementations of code to read the data . with truecrypt , i have only truecrypt ( granted i can get the source ) . i 'm just trying to figure out whether that 's worth worrying about .
i 'm logged in with my admin username .
why is this happening , and how can i fix it ?
nope : (
i just tried it on sb2 and it does n't work . should i remove the version from this answer ?
i know . i think two buttons is faster than 3 buttons .
no the ssd drive is the only one , the machine is a laptop dell latitude e6510 .
it was a budget psu sold with mobo + case assembled
thanks but i was wondering how to do that .
- it 's too many cells to just make the references manually , i want to copy-paste them .
windows 7 ... ...
i was just looking for an easy way for a non technical user to create read-only folders without dealing with the security tab and inheritable permissions . i did n't know the read-only attribute was so worthless .
one monitor . i got it i need to install powershow of officeone it is another office software different from powerpoint
yes , good idea . thanks .
hi paul , yes , it 's for ip masking . what you say makes sense , do you know if i can connect the devices in the way i described , so i dont have to put the slow firewall between my ( fast ) router and modem .
i do n't think so . tabs are empty ( not adult links ) ) ) system installed 2 days ago . few trusted ( used before ) programs installed . security outpost + drweb + windows updates . furthermore chrome installed and works fine as default .
for example , opening up this link in chrome i get two different results on page 1. the first one does n't show `` copy '' after selection and right click , while the second does . i think maybe i do n't use it correctly ? ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
i 'm afraid so . this is the structure of the data i 'm working with . : (
- yes . it is micro-sim in fact . that one i put it myself , so i know .
oh , darnit.. totaly forgot to mention . it is windows 7 i am using .
just the windows 10 install , a persistent os is an idea , but not necessary right now .
thanks for the suggestion horatio . ill see if i can dig up changelogs on the firmware , perhaps it will indicate this issue . when you mention delay/temp outage of components . what were you referring to ? is the component meant to be firewall or firmware ? thanks for the suggestions , they give me direction in investigation .
i do n't have knowledge of what the program is that has the registered hotkey , but i also do n't want to have to deal with installing delphi and learning the language as suggested in the answer to a similar question on stackoverflow .
the question of backing up sound configuration files and finding out why sound is not working are two different questions . fixing the problem is hard . so i 'm trying something else . as ben franklin once said , `` an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . ''
yes , the repository is on the same machine that the work is done on .
* but this command does not work : svn add `` mypathname\* . * '' the problem being when i change mypathname for a path with spaces in it i need to quote the whole thing . for example : svn add `` c : \documents and settings\username\svn\* . * '' but when i try this i get the following error message : svn : warning : 'c : \documents and settings\username\svn\* . * ' not found
i am using windows 8 but i can use any one . because i need this working .
anything that plays audio or video . windows media player , flash player ( youtube ) , vlc , and even windows sounds ( like the login sound ) . mpc-hc is the only thing that does n't have static .
about an hour . note : while scaning it will show the time that how much the program does . in this case , the time stop running too .
yes , i want to compare this version with the new one in a formal email , i need the version to get all the ( *pre-historical* ) features against the new version . ***hopefully*** i can convince the `` bosses '' to upgrade this .
if i can create pxe bootable image with winpe which will work silently then please post your answer with some details . my hardware is solely targeting to windows xp .
windows for me , but answers for others are fine .
i wish i could give a more specific description of the menu now , but it 's navigation-related . i think it includes application shortcuts . i 'm always so irritated by it that i 'm mostly concerned with how to get rid of it and i do n't look at the details . i can post a pic in a day or so .
i do have process explorer , but i have n't used it in this case .
sorry for not responding , everytime i try to , my pc bluescreens , i 'd love to take a screenshot of the bluescreens , but snipping tool jus crashes . thanks for the download , but it does n't appear to be the correct one , according to the error log , it references : shcore.dll ( .mui ? ) in `winsxs\x86_microsoft ... ` as broken , and imjpapi.dll in `system32\ime\imejp\ , ` as shown ** [ here ] ( sorry for not being specific , i should 've realized that there are more , thanks for all the help . just for kicks , i checked the one you sent me ** [ here ] (
at this moment , they are about 50 - 60 mb .
when i do ,
, windows 7 , any software , but i have photoshop..
yep . grub was definitely installed and configured .
toshiba does n't allow it in these newer pc 's or they 've changed how it is done
- i 'm looking to do this with seperate hdds , your link is using the same hard drive with seperate partitions
both routers will be plugged in with ethernet wire .
` where am i going wrong ?
installed smbfs again and it worked great ! if you want to make your comment an answer i 'll mark it as best to give you the rep .
i can . and excel file in the same folder is working fine without any problem .
i want a film that will cling to an lcd screen ( like a laptop display ) and be opaque .
it produces file , which looks like 25p , not as smoooth as 50i in proper player .
i just have centos intallation screen . finally some one replies ! i don`t see any boot screen . i just see centos installation menu - > i press enter on `` install centos 7 '' and then black screen . that`s it ! can you please assist ?
: thanks for these : 1- your editings . 2- your effort for helping . 3- your friendly speaking 4- and for your advice . i appreciate you . about your suggestion , i 'm an excel novice without ability of macro , vba . i was very wondering why when i insert new sheet that direction changes ! i 'm thinking of malware .
i used an hdmi splitter so the issue does n't come from the video card .
my computer and my attached device are both connected to the same router . does that mean my computer is a non-vpn client ?
i do n't use it in `git` context .
otto : yes i would want to hide the username from the history of the local machine
check this here to upgrade from windows 8 preview to full version :
yes . `` after booting from this disk ... ''
i want the computers in the same subnet ( network ) .
altlinux . it 's not about vm .
i was able to get ethernet working after running 'dhcpcd eno1 ' and was able to get wifi-menu working , currently have my wireless profile set up but when i reboot i lose connection
no , the computer is in its `` factory state '' in regards to any partitions . from what i understand there is a recovery partition and a windows partition on the drive then the rest of the drive . if you want to call that a partition i do not know .
on my ubuntu machine located on the same network as my android phone . i can access it using `192.168.1.12` address but i would prefere to access it using `localhost` if possible .
thanks for everyone 's comments and answer , i 've now edited the question to add more information .
my own post since it thinks i 'm commenting on someone else 's post ( since i 'm logged in as a guest ) and i do n't have enough reputations to do that . - the title of the dialogue box was `` microsoft windows '' . not sure if
it shows that the `system` uses the disk .
no i am not connected to a domain as far as i know .
im not sure , what you mean . win7 is installed on this machine
no , i 'm not a smoker and i 'm using the computer on one of the coolest rooms of the apartment .
thanks in advance .
, notice how in your case you were asking for a general definitive statement about all hard drives whereas i was asking about a specific problem with my system ?
there 's no way i can know that : ( i 'm not home and i ca n't change the settings at my university . i believe 12.04 comes with some bugs because when i start the system it says there 's a problem . i believe i should get 11.10 .
brand new batteries .
no errors it does not has any reaction . when i make add devices nothing happens no searchable to add device . also phone does not searchs pc .
** just unfounded hope **
freeware or for-pay software is good as long as the app is easy to use and is easily manoeuvrable by a keyboard .
well , i beleive its a high temperature . so , i was wondering if the gpu could do the rendering . so , that cpu could cool down little bit .
windows 7 enterprise , windows 7 home and windows 7 professional
you can get rtm release of 8.1 from msdn now .
it 's been happening for several days now , so i do n't think it 's load related .
in and is recieving power
: bring it on .
hi thanx for the comments , this is employee work time planner , here employee name is k , o and his work time is 0,5 ( 0,5 is same as 0.5 ) . i will be entering new data everyday , so i need to mark the entire column . @ daverook
no , disk is not full . approx 300 gb left of 500 gb and no disk quota limit set .
the equivalent of system32 , on a mac
as noted , i did try this , though it had no effect : (
i added my system details . paul ; i thought that 1080p means 1900x1200 . is it wrong ? and i tried as you said , lower resolutions do not change the color setting for me .
yes i have confirmed that it was an iptv that shared a switch with me . thank you ! now how do i block that multicast stream ?
actually that was a lazy mistake . . . i kept messing with it and the more i looked though google results the more i saw people having issues with that video card so i ended up replacing it . and at that point i figured you deserved the check since you were the only one to answer . it was a long day and now i 'm not sure what to do . maybe i should delete the question .
good call - i can click on the application , then `` hosts '' , and it gives me data usage per host . unfortunately it 's not hugely informative in this case - over 99 % came from akamai.net , which is basically a mirror service . it could be almost literally anything .
its more like passing the the filepath as % 1 , but whatever you are right i do n't open it , in my batch i copy it to somewhere . the wording is wrong on win 7 , so i guess we should be taking it up with microsoft . i 'm still annoyed that shift dragging onto pinned applications does work , but onto pinned bats it just quietly fails .
no ... work . want to see the ciphers of the highest hit sites and be able to exclude the ones that will not work with the decryption in advance .
sudo mkdir /usr/local password : mkdir : /usr/local : permission denied
i do n't know what winre is , but windows to go comes into play because i am able to run this exact copy on an internal drive , but not on an external drive .
my router is configured to use the dnsmasq server as the dns server instead of the ones you would normally set like google dns for example . the windows pc is set to automatically get dns server . it seems weird that i would have to explicitly set which dns server to use in both places does n't it ?
see the question .
i 'm using windows 7. the path to normal.dotm is default : % appdata % \microsoft\templates .
i imported this into the registry on the new machine and when i start gogole talk it shows the correct email address , but the password field is blank , despite being in the registry hive .
it really does n't matter . but users should see different desktops with different things , like in windows
shlck : i posted it on microsoft answers and reddit /r/techsupport
if i type `` '' on my keyboard it comes types `` # '' .
sorry , had a pint already . ; ) should have been more clearer . edited . i meant `` available to me '' .
there 's a problem with windows ' 8.1 generic drivers that stops me from connecting certain devices . does n't happen on windows 7 .
i 'm on os x snow leopard 10.6.8 , i have the following extensions installed : bit.ly , readlater , evernote .
do you mean that pdf pages does not have dimensions ?
i just threw out 10.5 gb of data . after emptying the bin i reclaimed 4.5 gb free space . this is not consistent though and varies a lot .
it is , i will look into the headless version and verify that i do n't already have it .
that is a very good idea , i 'll give it a shot and see what happens .
for a pc bought in 2013 with windows 8. upgraded to windows 8.1 in 2013. recovery usb ( system image ) done 1st april 2014. if i need to boot on this usb , my pc will be again exactly as it was on 1sq april 2014 ?
i 'm not specific to windows or firefox .
the sudden ending is probably due to missing parts of the file , but the wrongly displayed time might be caused by vlc . but still that means there is _something_ wrong with the file since other files show the correct time . noise and jumps might be due to a bad cd read , i digitalized my collection without doing double-checks : -/
. the only thing that seems to help is to run firefox in safe-mode , but that is a very inconvenient thing to do
e.g . # fdisk -l device boot start end blocks id system /dev/sda1 2048 52430847 26214400 1c hidden w95 fat32 ( lba ) /dev/sda2 * 52430848 666957823 307263488 7 hpfs/ntfs/exfat /dev/sda3 666959870 1465147391 399093761 5 extended partition 3 does not start on physical sector boundary . /dev/sda5 666959872 1465147391 399093760 83 linux i want change of the device name from /dev/sda1 to /dev/anothername you can help me ?
nope , these days manufacturers do n't include drivers for very simple things such as usb flash drive . windows provides it . it 's just the technical guys removed it from the drive .
sorry i forgot upload it : ( { here is link .
thanks for the suggestions guys . since the weekend is here , tomorrow after work i 'm going to try this one cord at a time and i will keep you all updated .
thi si resolved , i have found software that can do this for me . works on xp , vista and win 7. its called easybcd 2.0.2
i 'm using activestate komodo edit . i wish it did what textwrangler and coda did with prompting for sudo privileges . i used to use `nano` to edit my hosts file , but recently have been using `emacs` . however , it 's not the primary editor i use , so i 'd rather have some consistency and just use komodo .
i want to invoke the web browser to open a specific url .
what do you mean by operate ?
as the user that had the problem .
yup . both are checked .
, no , this is happening with only one pc
- the os is pretty much negotiable . i would be happy running any linux variant or windows
more info : -i can log in to safe mode ( without networking ) just fine . if i try safe mode +network support , the welcome screen tells me i ca n't activate xp in safe mode and i have no choice but to restart . -no clicks or keypresses seem to have any effect on the blank desktop , except win+u . not even ctrl+alt+delete does anything .
: all i want to do is access the cd drive of the local computer from within a teamviewer session .
i dont have windows short cut , as well . ( paint , calculator.. ) it is not that i want any custom shortcut ( like adding eclipse in `` all programs '' )
, a faster machine would be lovely . : ) seems like there 's no other way to speed up svn . hopefully we could switch to git in the future . thanks for your response .
one of them is a ps/2 , one of them is a usb keyboard . i tried them both separately , booting the computer without the other plugged in .
it 's a thinkpad x60 , with the standard intel networking stuff . windows vpn client . the vpn is not set up to only allow certain machines to connect . i 'm at a remote location now , and my main machine is connected just fine . it 's only the new box that fails .
9600 results in garbage as well . however , with 9600 i can no longer enter the command `` ls '' and have it return something ( albeit garbled ) .
my isp says that the connection by the modem is stable . if it really lost connection then it would take longer than ~5 seconds to reconnect and my isp would also see this .
nice catch . will generate a new one after dinner
thanks all for your input . the ssd is less than half full . @ paul , i think the pagefile is set to 512mb ; how would i check if programs are swapping out of ram ? the computer has only on-board graphics . i will check the cpu temperature but i do n't think that 's the problem as i cleaned the fan and put new grease on the heatsink when i put in the new ssd . thanks !
edit : order by this types of sources : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
and i can display on either of the two monitor just fine ,
- running as admin
i honestly ca n't remember which ones i changed specifically , but i remember i definitely changed the owner to everyone . that seems to have been reset though , ( as have all the other settings ) and i only added permissions , so i did n't think it would affect anything . here 's what i have currently : and yes i did have uac enabled , but i probably bypassed it ... it 's karma for messing with files i should n't have , but i 'm hoping not to have to clean install the entire os .
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ how do i remove a mybook & rsquo ; s & ldquo ; wd smartware & rdquo ; virtual cd from my desktop ? ] ( )
this code is from the log file
all my drivers and everything is up to date its windows 7 home premium 64bit sorry i 'm so bad at this
the closest i could find was m40a . however looking up the serial , here 's the specs page :
yes , on board video .
yes , there is an option for booting via usb which is enabled . i 've tried all usb ports in case only some ( or one ) is set up to be bootable
the ping.exe located in system32 is visible in the list of environment variables .
i set fbreader to metanormal and it displayed the current ebook in metanormal . i do n't have another application capable of opening word files to reopen the .doc file and see how it is displayed .
bought it from bt business direct
can i use
to test this , i set protectionpolicy to 0 , but the credential manager seems to work fine . i did n't try to start it before i applied the work-around , so i ca n't tell whether it was initially broken . but that code seems familiar , i 'd bet that this is the code windows live mail 2012 showed me when trying to add new accounts .
it is connected via lpt port - no need to disable firewall . yes , it can print
thanks for the idea..
because then the question and its answer would n't be here on superuser for other people to refer to .
since the specifications were to keep all commands in `.bat` and not have external utilities running locally on the targets , i would say no .
2013 version i think . i 'll double check tomorrow
well it does n't have a disk drives so u got a usb one and then it wansnt working so i plugged a cord that was n't for it , it was for a subwoofer my usb disk drive was melted and my laptop shut off and has n't turned back on since
windows 7 x64..
the computer is setup in a workgroup
thanks @ frankthomas . the administrator workaround did n't do the trick . i also tried running as admin twice in a row to see if it stuck . any idea where in the registry to look to delete the login information ?
i 've added more detail . honestly , i do n't know if that message is a warning or an error , but it 's really the only log i can identify a `` failure ''
it 's a generic 10/100/1000 card . it works fine under xp and ubuntu .
edited question to better reflect situation . ( my hwclock and date is not showing correctly ) i am on +gmt 8 and i have set my hwclock to localtimezone by doing the following rm /etc/adjtime system-config-date -- to set the correct date/time ln -s /usr/share/zoneinfo/asia/singapore localtime hwclock -- systohc -- localtime please check my configurations
whoops using an old version of the code . just updated it . still get p_5 hassman group 015
my script does n't run on pppoe connection , but others in ip-up.d folder are . looks like they must be called from other script , but i do n't know what one . ppp documentation does n't covers this .
open . what 's interesting , though , is that the retina display is only supposed to go up to 2880px x 1800px .
yes i do , but # ! does n't seem to do that . and if it does , i do n't know how to get it do so .
it should be a desktop app for windows 7. the option i 've found are poor in their interface like : and i really need something similar to things .
no error message . i click and nothing happens .
for windows and linux ( ubuntu ) oses .
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
yes . i will edit to clarify .
i am using toshiba satellite a100 , installed hdd is 80gb now i wish to replace it with new segate 500gb hdd . yes we talking internal hdd .
. why is this
`` setup can not complete . calendar printing assistant for microsoft office outlook 2007 requires the 2007 microsoft office system to be installed . please install the 2007 microsoft office system and then rerun setup . '' however there are not multiple downloads on the download page , one download for all versions of office .
they told me to buy a support agreement if i wanted support . it 's a pretty old setup , from long before i started in the firm .
word 2010
yes column a is unique . how do i set up helper columns ?
- yes , the windows 7 is 64-bit .
i tried to repair it.its not working . then i got more than thousands spam mail
my work machine runs windows7 64bit . my home machine runs windows7 x86 . i 'm connecting using cisco vpn client first and then using windows remote desktop connection .
yes , although i have n't tried doing it simultaneously . might have to do that .
no , that gives me `error trying to parse settings : expected value in packages/user/preferences.sublime-settings:6:2`
it has an external `` wall wart '' 12v supply . unloaded it reads 12.25v . i have n't measured it under load as there is n't an easy way to do that .
i 'll update my question to better ask what is required . fyi , 109 is the subtotal key for sum . so `subtotal ( 109 , ( 3 , 1 , 3 , 11 ) ) ` is basically the same as `sum ( 3 , 1 , 3 , 11 ) ` , it 's just through habit that i use it . thanks .
edit : browsing can take up loads of memory , especially while on chrome . the exact purpose of me asking this question was to resolve the slowdown that occurs often while i am researching on the web while developing apps . let 's focus instead on the latency vs capacity part and the value for money in terms of speed .
yes and are there any ways it could be worked around ?
no ideas . the account i tried do n't use 2 factor authentication . and yes , i checked both option ( gmail and apps for domain ) . auth was failed on both . by the way , which version of tvhgooglemapi are you using ?
**edit : ** re *wired* connections : what is very weird is that if i plug in a wired connection , then not only does it connect via the wired connection , but the wireless also starts working perfectly . and a soon as i unplug the wire , then the wireless ***stops*** working again ! so it seems the wireless is right now working only in safe-mode , or when a wired connection is also plugged in .
the normal behavior should be the cpu being down clocked when not in use .
- windows operating system . windows 8 onwards
the hostel during the
[ 1 ] : ? f=255 & mspperror ; =-2147217396 [ 2 ] : % 28v=ws.10 % 29.aspx
it is an ntfs mapped network drive on a local nas . i am able to browse/edit this drive without authentication , and otherwise interact with it .
yep , though i did n't know it . answer , and i 'll upvote and accept .
, but it didnt show up in bios there either
using windows 7 as well - in english . but if it works for you , perhaps i 'm having a windows issue ... i 'll have to test it on another pc
just to be clear , i am trying to install windows on my same computer . that key was used for the computer , i then wiped it and created a `` disk '' using a windows 7 image .
any way that works ! : d
4 servers and some workstations . i want to get maximum i/o operations efficiency . currently my bottleneck is hdd . i would n't reach other resourses caps , because most of utilization falls on hdd system .
resetting the bios ( by removing and replacing the battery ) did nothing as well .
: i 'll probably try os/2 some time - perhaps in a vm - but i think that support for 286 was dropped with os/2 2.0 in 1992 .
there is a slight lag when i hit back , and firefox is displaying where it is connecting in the status bar .
the question is : after the initialization stage , would mdadm be harmful for my ssd drives lifetime ?
i want the windows pc at home to have a command line interface ( terminal ) to the linux box . in order to reach it , i need to go through the vpsbox , and i want to use ssh so the connection is secure . so the windows pc ( ssh client ) will open a ssh connection to the vps box , and then i need to open a connection to reach the linux box . in order to access the linux box , the ssh connection has to be initiated by the linux box . ( to the vps server )
`` search pane '' , `` sign into a microsoft account '' , and the rest have no name . i have none of these open
yeah . that package is not available . there is however a formula on github that provides it . does not help , though .
: i want to run application compiled from my own source code under linux .
i wanst best ( minimum ) boot time and best performance in work with my laptop
thanks . i am located in south thailand . today i can access www.taobao.com ( china ) quite fast using setting ( a ) . thanks for explaining . i just want to know the theory behind the unusual phenomenon .
yes different pc and different operating system
*edit* the git problem was a problem i had before but our current problem right now is that we are uploading files using rail 's paperclip , which saves it to the file system ( we are using a windows machine ) . when we open the files , we see it as `` macintosh '' `` ansi '' even if the server is running on windows . is there a way to make it open it with the proper encoding by default ?
yes , i am aware of the multi circuit breaker homes but if there are any other `` gotcha '' points out there , i may not know them . currently , the powelrline adapter is connected to the roku2 ( wired ) unit onn the second tier of network i tried to draw above , directly , and it is working w/o any problems , streaming video from my local media server as well as netflix .
my outlook is running . as when i open it , it will show me new mails if there are any
it was shut down completely
the laptop has 8gb ram . i 'm using fedora 17 64bit as host , and the ide runs inside a virtualbox vm with ubuntu 12.04 server edition 64bit .
yes . i was referring to steam games .
asus p8z68-v lx
yes , and its not only media player i even tried winamp / itunes but no change . when ever i turn my ingame sound on media player , itunes and winamp sound will get low . and yeah its logitech g35 headset which comes with logitech gaming software
i 'd like to take it with my hand luggage , but i may not be able to , for various unrelated reasons . thanks for the info about tsa being able to remove protection from the drive , i did n't take that into account .
no , and i also thought about it being moved off the single screen , but although it shows as a process in task manager , it does not show on the applications tab . this is very strange .
drive print sharing plus wifi router ( all in one )
i 'm using crunchbang , which for most purposes is debian . the vim is 7.3 , and my shell is terminator , with 256 color support enabled .
there is only object browser which is enabled on chrome , @ danielchateau
geek : 'puter : dell `` acpi x64-based pc ; '' intel core i3 net card : dell wireless 1704 -- 802.11b/g/h ( 2.4 ghz ) @ pci 7:0:0 kubuntu 15.11alpha , ubuntu and xubuntu 15.04
- from what i understand i should n't see anything on it then ?
no , when i did some research it said it had to be like that . c : is the drive to copy , and \\computer1 is what i want to copy to ( over network ... ) even upon changing the error still occurs
on a virtual machine ,
i can try it this evening .
positive , running streams through web/sopcast work fine .
***possible driver conflict between the latest versions of comodo firewall , and avast ! 6 that could cause system slowdown . more investigation needed . **
**problem solved** -- -- - as ben plont commented , the troublesome computer was on opendns . i took it off and removed the static ip i had set up ( for which i have no idea ) and then disabled/enabled adapter and it works . thanks , ben !
here 's a file with mixed line-endings :
yes same error . i found that the problem is the x2go display . i need to connect a real display to make it work . is there a workaround ?
when i click `` other user '' i can can login in as any valid user . there are settings in the local security policy editor that control this functionality properly , but i appear to in no man 's land where none of the known registry settings seem to correct the problem .
i do not have the same problem with normal folders . just with the user folders i mentioned . all of them , in fact . when i enter windows 7 and look at the security of a folder , it shows some unknown users and permissions defined from windows 8 , which is fine . when i do the same in windows 8 , i do not see the unknown users from windows 7. it is like windows 8 resets the permissions on the user folders and leaves only its user accounts and groups defined .
**edit** i just discovered that using the option `` disable driver signature enforcement '' before windows startup ( usingf8 ) , the sound device is working properly ! so definitely a signature issue ... ! [ sound ok ] ( )
centos linux os
**update** sorry , just to clarify , if i run battlefield 3 at full screen , high settings i get about 4 - 5 minutes of play and then the game crashes . i get maybe 12 - 15 minutes if i run the game at 640 x 420 windowed . graphics card is [ gtx 560ti ] [ 5 ] , os : win 7 64bit . same problem running nvidia drivers version 285.38 & 285.62
, windows 7 mostly , but i believe the same search engine is built into vista , 2008 , and 2008 r2 . a generic solution that applies to all recent versions of windows is preferred .
thank you , @ ramhound . i 'll try to contact them . but i guess the chance is too low . my friend lives in india and me on bangladesh . also i do n't think the 'll reveal their secrets . thank you again . i 'll post here if i get to know anything about it .
yes it 's in a workgroup , but i think its a bug in pspasswd v 1.23 and i ca n't find any perivious version of it . see this
for both purpose
yes it appears to be working
no security is needed : anyone can update my string . the task looks very simple , so i expect the solution to be similarly simple .
fairly certain i do n't see that but i 'd have to check . which i ca n't do until later today .
unfortunately that is the issue , it is random , i have sent log file after log file to each software vendor we are using trying to resolve this issue , as of right now we do n't know what is causing them , or when they happen , which is why i am trying to automate everything i can in the meantime until we figure it out .
no , i have not defined any rules . however there is two automagically generated configuration files under `rules.d` : `70-persistent-cd.rules` and `70-persistent-net.rules` and it seems that `*cd.rules` is just for `/dev` symlinks .
i do n't know if i can record because i 've not tried yet ( i can tomorrow ) but the things is that i do n't have the built-in software of microsoft and , as i said , other software give me errors . do n't know if it help , but i can talk through skype .
yes i tried pinging windows machines .. ok i 'll try your suggestion but if i ca n't enable icmp in firewall , is n't there any other way to send notification , messages or ping to windows machine ..
seems likely . i know gnome shell 3.6 caused some ugly stuff to happen .
that is , at the moment when i launch powershell ise , i get the following : ! [ powershell with empty document ] [ 1 ] whereas i want the following : ! [ powershell with no document ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
apparently the problem was with brew.rb from homebrew . i replaced it with the one from their git repo and ran 'brew update ' . everything seems to be fine now .
mkdir : can not create directory xxxx operation not permitted
i 'm stuck with windows . it 's on server 2003 is that makes any difference .
in my case i have three individual drives and a separate raid . the reason i do n't raid 0 the three drives is that they are all different types of drives ( ssd , 2.5 '' hdd , 3.5 '' hdd ) . in my case i would like to keep these drives separate as im not so confident in the life span of some of those drives . as for the raid i understand i can encrypt the entire raid setup . but my question pertains to what is the best way to encrypt individual drives on a desktop .
: we are looking for a cost-less solution : )
i 'm executing `./configure` , `make` and `checkinstall` . but `checkinstall` is essentially `make install` .
no , not detected
, could you explain , what do you mean by using ap ?
i do n't think so . i 'll have to check when i get home but i know for sure that i have n't turned that feature on , so i 'd say no unless it is turned on by default .
: it did n't act funny in any other programs . another thing i forgot to mention was that i was on a windows machine ( ick ) using x-win to connect to the linux machine . my primary shell , the intel debugger , nedit , kate , etc were all fine - just a few things were broken . in this particular environment , swapping keyboards is ... not feasible .
yes , it is definitely shut down .
it is a copy of the ubuntu skeleton script ( /etc/init.d/ ) which is available as standard on the same machine that i have the error , the debian version is much shorter but its in the same location , the lines provided are the only ones modified from the original
there is no way to stop this unistack services group from services panel or from task manager . how do i stop or fix this problem ?
i have **gigabyte z77-d3h** motherboard ( [ motherboard 's specification ] (
, i can get focus on any popup windows ! see my edit for the other example
clearly google voice and video is web-based and you need open browser to use it . google talk do not provide invisible mode , grouping and a lot more missed features .
yes i do disk to disk . to ensure that it makes it bootable . but what is hte 2mb about ? its supposed to copy the partition table , so part 1 is the same as part 1 and not have an extra 2mb part . if i do the manual partitions , how do i make it bootable again , and can i be sure that the 2mb invisible partition wont screw up the boot table ? i made a disk to disk copy from a ssd to the target drive and it booted fine . then i copied a hdd to it and it does this silly thing .
even after checking the box `` run as administrator '' the issue still persists
sorry for the bash tag nothing to do actually . the tag was suggested to me and i read batch . on my win7 localized fr-fr , if i run the test script all non ascii char are rendered badly : heres the result of first commands : > chcp 1252 page de codes active**** : 1252 test an internal command > dir le volume dans le lecteur c s****appelle system le num****ro de s****rie du volume est xxx
i 'm not sure how to check that . can you tell me how ?
thanks andrejako . ramhound , my system has a 2gb ram , excluding the graphics card - which i was hoping will be 1gb additional when used .
, pasting to *other* programs always results in the displayed value being pasted .
: all files . all permissions are 777 !
it should n't really matter how big my backups are . the whole point is that as long as my backup is n't bigger than the drive , it should be able to delete older backups and keep only the newest backups as far back as available space on my drive allows .
how do you do that ? i just help down alt and the flash drive was n't there . how do you enable boot from flash drive ?
[ employee scheduling ] ( is really similar to my problem , but i want to eliminate manual interaction . [ task juggler ] ( is a `` real '' project manager and not quite a solution for me . [ this ] ( is interesting but does n't help ; - ) [ this ] ( also does n't quite fit .
hi david ~as far as i know i have searched including system files . however , i had n't heard of 'hidden ' files and so do not know if they are automatically searched as well when a search of every file & folder in a pc is commenced . thank you for your post . kind regards , iseult . iseult catherine o'brien .
sorry it took me so long to get back to this . the command line is not very spectacular :
no errors , it acts like it worked but does n't do anything . i even enabled the hidden administrator account and got the same results
. nb for comparison i get about 80 mbit throughput on wifi between rooms on the same floor . that 's between a laptop using wifi , and a desktop plugged in to the router directly via ethernet - so that wifi speed may actually be limited by the 100 mbit ethernet link
not we are not using a proxy but will try resetting ... .but what does that mean ?
**update 1 : ** if i click the scrollbar in the start menu , the mouse will start scrolling the start menu . but if i reopen the start menu , scrolling will not working until i click the scrollbar again .
choco v0.9.9.8 , but your answer did the trick ! : )
add any awesome information you can !
activeperl is installed on the machine , but as far as i know , only as a dependency for gnucash , an open source finance package . great idea on unplugging the network , really interestingly , when the network is disconnected , the error pages revert to normal . what do you think this could mean ?
edit : after some tests this behaviour happens only for file upload in silverlight applications . edit2 : after a new test it happens that the folder displayed is there : c : \users\username\appdata\local\microsoft\windows\inetcache\virtualized\c\users\username\documents\
in router or os ?
as normal but most of the files ( which ive recovered using photorec with low success ) are gone.the dirve has much more free space than before
, it did n't help . the last wake reason is still the same .
it is a net install , so almost the whole web is there , obviously not
i was n't needing new certs , i was needing tbird to be ok with my old ones ... at least i did n't think i needed new ones . see the answer below .
( in german language ? ... ) i *know* that it has no *standard* screen , just wanted to point out , that it 's not some server error message .
i do not want to block internet access , but block that which is unwanted : the one that would be blocked by opendns and that the user would manage to access because they know the website 's ip .
this script is triggered by apache rewriterule . and this works like a user input so i can say yes to your question .
first four rows , not just the cells in row a. answer accepted !
[ edit : op was referring to bs operand as 'bytesizes ' ]
no , they are not enabled
i am using windows xp . but the problem is , it is not detectable at the time of booting i can not run any live os even
scp /filelocation/file user @ hostname : /folderlocation
- in my defence , it was n't a screenshot from my pc ! : )
[ build a nas device with an old pc and free software ] (
: no , my computer is directly connected to isp .
thanks . i did roll back to a few weeks before , but nothing . i 've also reinstalled the dell drivers . driver dates ( according to windows device manager ) are in the 2009-2010 range . that the dell portion and the broadcomm portion . i 'll rummage through dell 's driver list again and see if there 's anything . they use lots of helper software .
: this is a stand alone windows installation , no network drives attached or domain controller
i consider it unrelated as it happened with the previous two systems in that case - now that i think of it , could it have something to do with bad case grounding and the mobo having a panic attack about it or something ? enabling power allows static to drain through the ground ? i 'm not sure . but i agree , it could be basically anything , but that 's why i 'm everything before start sending off bits that work fine for repair .
my plan was to open procmon , open a video , when the bug fires close the browser which ostensibly would remove all browser-associated processes and then ask procmon which processes were active that were n't before the video ran . i 'd then iterate on each process killing them to find the process that was sparking the bug . all that depended on being able to filter procmon data .
i wanted to delete a system folder so did something with permissions using gui . now to be sure , want to make everything back as it was before .
do you mean the ram speed ? 667 mhz
[ additional notes ] the laptop came with windows 8.1 and since i 've upgrade my os to windows 10. i 've been having problems shutting the computer down properly . so i want to revert everything back to the factory setting
always , even while in use .
i 'm quite sure of that . i`ve been watching video for a long time from this server with my windows pc and it run perfectly . this is very simple server running on archlinux and has no other redundant stuff that might slow it down .
yes ! i downloaded the latest gpu drivers from nvidia 's site right after downloading intel drivers from windows update .
# # # update by art gertner : # # # experiencing identical problem . excel and powerpoint also affected . attempted the following : - restarting pc - deleting `normal.dot` - starting in safe mode ( `winword /safe` ) - disabling all addons - cleaning up `c : /temp` - checking office activation status ( shows valid license ) additional details : - the issue used to be intermittent for several days . used to disappear after restart . now it is permanent . can not save documents at all . - `file > open` and `file > save` actions are also effected ( nothing happens when clicked )
**later edit : **the command used is this : `scp path/to/local.file user @ remote.machine : ` the reply is this : `ssh : connect to remothe.machine port 22 : connection refused `` lost connection`
crashed app closes and leaves dumprep running , it uses most of processing power and leaves nothing for me to work on
update 1 : the hardware is an hp 8760w laptop , with a dock . the issue is definitely more pronounced when docked .
yes , thanks for pointing the error . now fixed .
dlink 2730u . how can i connect it with an i ball router ?
i 'm running visual studio 2015 , update 2 ( released yesterday ) on windows 10 so i 'm fairly sure i do !
yes but since the files contain date in test as well i could sort by name too .
in the contents , sorry if it was n't clear .
**error message : **windows failed to start . a recent hardware or software change might be the cause . to fix the problem : 1. insert you windows installation disc and restart your computer . 2. choose your language settings , and then click `` next . '' 3. click `` repair your computer . '' if you do not have this disc , contact your system administrator or computer manufacturer for assistance . file : \boot\bcd status : 0xc000000e info : an error occured while attempting to read the boot configuration data .
i have 4gb of ram on the machine , and 512mb base ram for the guest ubuntu system ( but i think this this number increases dynamically when more ram is needed ) .
is there a way to convert them to their key codes ? i 'm only working with 1-10 in the program i 'm making .
i am using ubuntu .
no i havent.however i cant find out how to determine a hw problem . clean windows install works and bypassing this error by shift+f10 and changing a registry value.however when i applied another image worked . the only difference was avg antivirus ... i have tested the image on 15~ other different pcs with no problems
xcopy c : \test1\ c : \test2\ /d /s /r /y this is what i have so far , but it only if the same files are in the destination folder .
sorry for not being clear . i said that i can access the website and victim 's computer directly actually means that the victim is my subnet and the also i can ping the website . to be precise , my ip address is 10.100.98.73. victim 's ip address is 10.100.98.98 ( let us suppose ) . and the website has address 10.100.56.55:8090. now , can u help . i tried using wireshark but how do i see post traffic .
haha . i think the only reason people are voting to close this ( as it is neither off topic nor localized , especially considering that this site has mostly localized trouble shooting questions that never get closed ) is because they are butt-hurt over firefox being perceived as slow ( which it is , very ) .
because in my `vimrc` file i have custom formatting turned on so when i do so , it 'll screw with my indenting . plus you can only copy and paste what 's in the viewable portion of the window if you do that .
hi nathan , yes i want to move files based on their extension which .log but not in the same server/computer . i want to move files from linux machine to windows shared drive . could you please help me on this . thanks
i tried it and no it does n't boot either .
with workday i believe it will happen the same , if the request come on weekend will start at that time and not next monday at 00:00 , what is missing in the formula is something that will start counting on monday 00:00 and not monday 5:00pm for example .
yes , i 'm root .
andy : screenshots .
blue screen of death ( like kernel panic in linux )
sorry , i do n't know what it found , @ afh . you can see the code .
and ramhound . yes , the bios does n't detect the ssd but the os can . that 's not something unusual . at the end , the bios is just a program but is used in the initial stages of the os loading , but the os does n't need the bios to access the hardware .
at first i install the 9.04 , then upgrade it to 9.10 .
any program that has a patch of pure white with any black-and-white cursor , or windows cursor with shadow ( as in the photo ) .
os is windows 7.
that 's greyed out . ca n't click it unfortunately .
because i 'm not trying to backup my whole os disk , but duplicate an external hard drive .
, depends . i 'm on a mac , using excel 2016 v.15.17 . typically mac excel is crippled for vba .
: d
i 'm using ext3 with a block size of 4 kib , so the file size limit should be 2 tib and therefore irrelevant in my case . i 'm using gzip 1.3.12 and bzip 1.0.5 on a ubuntu jaunty , 64-bit server edition , in a mostly vanilla state ( only added some packages , nothing fancy ) . there is a raid-1 running , but it reports no synchronization problems or delays . the dumps are created with jmap .
cat i pipe sleep ? can you give me an example ?
no , but alt+left arrow does ! ; )
hilarious ... -_-
: i tried `telnet 192.168.1.1 23` but the port is not open . there is n't any config for telnet too !
it is like 900mb one partition and 600mb the other one . windows uses it as one big 1,5tb partition
as there are numerous cells in the merged columns which are blank ; creating additional columns for that data seems , as such , a non-ideal solution .
looks like indeed this particular via sata chipset accepts only devices which are strictly sata-i only . @ ramhound i was hoping that there is a way to for example flash the ssd firmware in a way which simulates the behavior of `` 1.5gbps operations '' jumper on older sata hdds .
i want to use it as a feet-inches calculator , it 's the fastest way to do it
windows only show about 3.5gb of my 4gb+ of ram ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted textdoes
i 'm using intel dual core 2.50ghz
note : i am referring to after the disk defrag is complete . not while it is running .
> `` is it in there and being started automatically ? '' maybe , it 's adobe lm service ?
: no , external . i 've change my question a little bit .
the filenames are just nnnnnnnn.data where n is a digit and the numbers are consecutive counting from 1. the odd file is always the second last file in the sorted order . say if i have 5 files , 00000004.data will come out first .
i too thought so , but since it is not exactly programming related , i thought i will post it here . in fact , i have the question ready to be posted on so as well .
the game is bought in europe , denmark , so i suppose it may work best with pal . i own a playstation , which is bought in denmark too , but i downloaded a bios for the emulator , because i do n't really know how to get it from the playstation 2 itself . the folder consists of many files . i do n't know if they 're the right ones . do you need a screenshot of my folder ?
cpu usage minimal ( 2 % or less ) . 19-22 icons average .
if i change my proxy ( after having taking my laptop from work to home or back ) i can either run a command in every bash session ( usually a few ) that i have open at that moment , or restart each and every one of them . sourcing a small script that sets or unsets the proxy from /etc/profile.d/proxy.sh seems to me the easiest way of solving this . if anybody as an idea how to push these changes into my bash sessions .. i 'm open to suggestions !
ideally , i 'm looking for an advanced search query so that i 'd be able to quickly locate mail that i may have forgotten to respond to .
yes on an windows pc earlier . it 's the same . shows there are 9.8 gb of data in it . but i do n't see the file .
i am on lenovo g430 . it has broadcom wireless device .
windows primarily
i reset ie to defaults , removed all plugins . same behavior . nothing in application log at all .
, there is no `pxeboot.com` file under `boot` folder .
if you convert to just hex values , w/o offset , then resulting diff wo n't convey strict information - it could be used as heuristical measure of how files are different , not to analyze differences , or be used as a patch . if convert with offset information , you immediately get spurious diffs on first insertion/deletion . so , it must be a smarter , special-purpose tool , not a quick hack . and *existing* tool ( `` how to write such tool ? '' i would post on stackoverflow ) .
`status : deinstall ok config-files` i have done `apt-get autoclean` and `autoremove` exhaustively . if it 's not installed why does it have an `installed-size` ?
nvidia geforce gt 525m . it 's the most latest one , and i 'm not sure how to change it 's settings .
it used to work fine until yesterday , but suddenly it 's behaving weird.as you said it 's getting stuck while waiting , do we have any work around for this .
single computer .
edit : the code offered below is not mac-specific . you 'll have to edit it ( just ake out any of the `*win*` references . here 's what i used that work . tweak it to your liking ! ( setq initial-frame-alist ` ( ( background-color . , ( face-background 'default ) ) ( foreground-color . , ( face-foreground 'default ) ) ( horizontal-scroll-bars . nil ) ( vertical-scroll-bars . nil ) ( menu-bar-lines . 0 ) ( top . 50 ) ; ; this is overridden by my-center-frame later . ( left . 400 ) ; ; this is overridden by my-center-frame later . ( cursor-color . `` red '' ) ( mouse-color . `` green '' ) ) )
hello joey , my system spec are showed because i 'm afraid about the pc heating ... maybe some of my hardware could increase the internal heat and cause the blue screen ?
no , but what would the benefits of a usb card reader be against integrated card readers ? except for proving that the card reader is functional ?
`` on ''
i wrote the output into the original question
it depends on how much ram you have and how much of it you 're using . in my case , setting it to 0 will only swap to the disk to prevent an `out of memory` error . see [ this answer ] ( on askubuntu for more @ chipperyman573
**edit : ** just to be clear , i 'd like to be able to use it live as an input to video conferencing software as well as for making recordings with video editing software . bonus points if it allows me to capture a screen remote from the computer that is sending the video ( for example by connecting to another computer with vnc ) . so it should show up as an input alongside any webcams i have installed , but instead of being a camera , it should be whatever is on the screen .
that works for the shortcut , but that icon is not used when a file is associated with it and i can not set an icon to a .cmd file .
: i updated my post with what was updated . i have nvidia graphics , and i do n't see those drivers there . is lsb-graphics anything ?
basically i have to modify some icmp packets but it 's better if the program can do it ( in case i have to do something very particular in the future ) .
thanks for pointing that out ; i changed the link .
this has been updated
i 've tried that , but it is cumbersome in comparison to clicking the button . in searching the internet , i see that i 'm not the only one who does things this way .
problem solved by steffen ullrich while you guys are talking about if it is the right place to post this question
i can ping out but not in . thinking i need to tell windows 10 the second adapter network is a trusted network . did note that there is no gateway address but i am thinking that is ok as the host only is effectively a switch
update : i got a replacement from the seller , it does n't work either .
no i did n't remove the unused display drivers , nor did i install the ones for the integrated card . could that be an issue ?
yup , accepted .
i guess it 's not an old-style drive . i supposed wrongly that the boot drive selected was the one i intended . but i ca n't find the right drive in the list ! how do i get boot to show the drive so that i can select it ?
thanks - i need the actual values as text - the file is going to get imported into another program
yes , it does . anything that i install through yum that had no dependencies and is n't a dependency of something else show up , along with others
no domain . also , shows up without being connected to a network ( or with ) .
there , i updated my post . and learned something new = )
edit : commands : ls -l /usr/local/bin/xvnc -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 1225600 dec 21 16:43 /usr/local/bin/xvnc file /usr/local/bin/xvnc /usr/local/bin/xvnc : elf 64-bit lsb executable , x86-64 , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , for gnu/linux 2.4.0 , stripped ldd /usr/local/bin/xvnc not a dynamic executable why it is 64-bit executable ? raspberry cpu is 32-bit arm bcm2835 , also why it is not dynamic ? i compiled it using cmake with dynamic linking not static .
no cpu is usually on low usage . sometimes it happens eveed when no app was running and cpu was almost idle .
no . is there a way i can see if there is an issue with my current psu ?
there is some software which depends from case , e.g . r scripts should be upper case and therefore you need to use windows explorer to check this .
nope no skype installed
`c-r` is a more powerful `arrow up` history manipulation , it is like emacs 's `c-r` in that it searches backward inside the commands you previously entered . then `c-o` executes that command and immediately places on the line the next command after that . so that you can repeat passed series of commands efficiently . also it looks up into a saved history , not a session history . ( `~/.bash_history` file ) . whichi is infinitely useful .
i 've went through and stopped every service and killed every process that i can do without windows rebooting , and i still have the same problems . if it 's a background service or process , then i ca n't find it via task manager , process explorer , or windows services .
, yes , eset .
yes , avast . but after i 've disabled it 's browser plugin , i still get the error
well , most of time i browse internet on one and play demanding games ( just cause 2 ) on second . and i dont want to loose performance .
emb1995 : yes , i used the full path ; `` /lib/kernel/ ... /e1000e.ko '' , taken from ouput of `` find / -name `` e1000e '' . i 'm not at the office right now , so i ca n't check . but i 'll check in the morning !
**edit : ** an answer describing how to control the mouse with the keyboard using windows ' mechanism does n't count . nor would an answer suggesting to move the mouse while wearing gloves , picking up two keyboards with your hands and using them to move the mouse , asking another person to use the mouse , connecting a usb device that pretends to be a mouse , etc .
i amended the original with more information . does this help anyone ?
it provides a log , but not a packet level log . home routers just do n't have the memory to log that amount of data , which is why rflow is used to offset traffic logging to another device .
the folk on serverfault migrated the question to stackoverflow . there i got some good responses :
, yes i think that this is related to the driver that i have installed for my mouse + keyboard . however i find this a bit unsual because i actually installed the driver since ( was done automatically ) , but i started getting this when i started cmd as admin . also when i disconnect the device i stop getting the run being automatically executed .
it 's a basic usb scanner . there really is n't a lot of configuration or software . i was thinking this would be more in the format of the cell for an excel spreadsheet template . if someone could help me build a template i could really really appreciate it . thanks !
yes , its on our corporate network
how to merge.i think it was obvious
too long . half-dozen rows .
, yes , that 's what i want ! !
yes , but there are solutions like tweak-ui for other versions of windows . and no , do n't `` prevent an installer from attempting to finish ... '' just prevent any notifications/popups/new windows from stealing focus .
windows xp has an `` auto-hide '' property on the task bar . i set this to true . the problem is intermittent .
the original layout is qwerty with english
that is to say , there are no cells in a1 that are not equal to a1 ( of course ) .
sure , but that 's a different topic altogether .
i used cat , not nc .
lol - i didnt think of translating it , but thanks ! i 'm not sure where it came from . its a local pst , not tied to any exchange server ( i dont have any exchange server tie-up at all ) . could be some virus artifact ?
i 'm using version : 3.8.0 of eclipse
we are . the problem is that a user account is created for each user that logs into a computer . this gets the user the necessary folders , but not a full profile . we need to create a user profile ( some with administrative rights ) on machines that some users log into on a regular basis .
: lots of entries about dwm using heavy resources , which seems baloney , because i have n't seen more than 5 % vram usage in the system monitor . i do n't do any gaming or anything terribly gpu-intensive .
preferably autoloading , but it would be nice to determine how to do it via modprobe too . i did notice modprobe has the -t and -l options that might work .
, notepad for example , but it works for every program on my pc . even filenames in explorer are broken if they contain cyrilic .
no , the led on the external drive is still .
yes , there is an integrated cable . all ports in question on all machines are usb3 , and both drives operate without issue in usb3 mode ( on all machines that recognize them ) . i am confused !
system : windows 7 home 64 / samsung ssd 840 evo 250g / asus notebook with i7 cpu
the os is windows server 2003. i guess its what comes with that . the server was setup well before i started working there , so i 'm not exactly sure . the target path on the shortcut is % systemroot % \system32\dhcpmgmt.msc /s
i changed a setting on the amd drivers , turned gpu scaling off , which made a black screen . seems alot of people have the same issue . @ techie007 - i tried to roll back to a previous point neither of the points i could roll back to worked . i also tried the automatic repair that did n't work . by `` did n't '' work i mean it did n't give me the option to reboot into safe mode .
because i 'd like to boot systems natively and virtually inside each other . it 's strictly connected to how i work on my pc . often i 'm working on linux , but need something from my windows or i have to write something in c # for someone . i do n't want to stop current work , reboot , switch to windows for 15 min and go back to linux . and in the other way around . i want to natively run windows , install software , bla bla bla and later use it on linux . there are days when i 'm using only windows and days when i 'm using only linux . i do n't want waste resources for virtualization if there is a better way .
for me , physical damage is like a cracked/broken/flaming/smoking/sizzled/scratched etc .
sorry guys , forgot to include this fact : you can not use dynamic distribution list to assign/share permission . forgot to include this question : is there a way to use the existing ddl as security group so i can share/assign permission ?
, it keep giving me this error ` ! error in data at lbn = 0 ( off : 4h ) : expected 00000004h , encountered 00000000h.` from lbn 0 all the way to the last one . the strange part is that the software tell me this `total errors : read fatal=0 , read recoverable=0 ; write fatal=0 , write recoverable=0 ; comparsion=131071` - > meaning no fatal read or fatal write . but the problem is that the space have change from 4gb to just a small 64 mb !
hence i searched for the problem over google , yet i have not found any favourable answers . so i asked it here
via displayport
shucks , was hoping you would n't say that !
i have download the last version and it works ! thanks !
**\*edit\*** some new insights that i have gained since : - rebooting temporarily removed the issue . running the optimizer tool is not required . - it reappears after some time . - note that the drive has 140 gb of which only 60 gb have been used . trim should n't be an issue yet ! - on the other drive e : , also on the ssd , i have not seen the issue yet . - moving data to the c : drive works fine under linux . - even `echo test > test` may fail on c : ( in the home directory )
no , why ? relative paths are ok in the other commands of init.sh . i 'll try tomorrow .
maybe we should , but setting swappiness to 0 is simpler and probably less risky to try out on a production system . that does n't answer my question though : )
forget it , i discovered that this hitachi is garbage , and it 's the problem . thank you anyway .
i am little confused which answer to accept , technically makz answer solves the problem , but david 's answer solves the issue , which to accept : (
hi again . should i use jpeg instead of mjpeg do you think ?
believe me , i tried ... the screws were tiny and fragile .
there 's a camera setting in /etc/make.conf ? ( in answer to your question , none )
yes , it 's running . i am able to ssh without ask/enter paraphrase when i try to ssh with my other machine where i have copied public key which i added to agent .
windows would be what im going for
i 'm sorry , i wan the run at login feature . like the registry keys `hkey_users\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\run` and `hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\run`
no , i tried now , and is not working . 'unknown host google.com '
my psu is rated at 730w . i will run memtest a few more times . i hope its ram , since that is the cheapest/simplest fix .
truss revealed that rsync is probably stuck asking for the same directory over and over : 200.223900400 getdirentries ( 0x5,0x800a2e000,0x1000,0x800a2d068,0x0,0x0 ) = 196 ( 0xc4 ) 200.224160040 getdirentries ( 0x5,0x800a2e000,0x1000,0x800a2d068,0x0,0x0 ) = 196 ( 0xc4 ) 200.224394880 getdirentries ( 0x5,0x800a2e000,0x1000,0x800a2d068,0x0,0x0 ) = 196 ( 0xc4 )
an unexpected error has occured in `` quickbooks '' : returning null qbwininstance handle . this shows up in the application log . it happens multiple times a day before and after the file sharing quits .
i 'm just using a normal ethernet cable , not a cross-over cable . but i 've read it should work .
( right clicking my computer name and then `` scan for hardware changes '' )
yes , i am ! `uname -a` tells me that i 'm using `x86_64 gnu/linux`
i am not root user
i 've been rebooting all day after that happened trying everything but formatting .
the new battery was a dell battery
edit : managed to do it in the most stupid way possible , transposed the column range into row range then saved it as csv .
no problem , eduroam works for me with pap inner authentication . but since i read it is insecure , i want to know if it 's still ok to use pap .
is n't this happening at everybody 's ?
it will . see my comment to the other answer : it only pops up when there is an `` open file '' dialog .
hi adam . no , i want the `` placeholder '' text to be substituted with the xe field which is the indexentryrange . as a final result the output in word should be ` ( abbreviation ( { xe `` abbreviation '' \t `` definition '' } ) ` . as such it should sit between the ( ) brackets . does that make it clear ? regards , robert
both pc run windows 7 ( pro ) . what driver should i reinstall ? usb host controller ?
here is the dxdiag ramhound . jdh : i can not seem to find any relevant settings in the bios .
afaik no . windows only prevents sleep if a process is in full-screen mode ( video , game ) or if its sharing media over the network , even if the user clicks something or not . i need to remove these restrictions .
note : this is a `` dual stack '' modem . when i bring up the modem administration page it does show an ipv4 `` wan ip '' , but when i try connecting to the ssh server using this ip the attempt to connect times out .
yes , the os is definitely windows 7 home premium 64-bit
*in response to the comments : * i do n't run any apps from the share . it 's a network drive i do n't normally use , i just mounted once to get some data of it . i initially mounted it just by using the 'connect to sever ' option in finder .
no actually i am using windows server 2008 r2 standard edition ( 180 days trial version ) in my virtualbox 4.2.10 to just learn installation of ms dynamics crm 4.0 .
ended up on [ super user meta . ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
, no i have to use company provided desktop to work . i ca n't use my own laptop to do the work .
: yes , i am using the same username , and i do n't see any icons when i login locally .
yes , it 's something like it ca n't copy files inside the frameworks folder inside the package . specifically : projlib.framework - > projlib ( which is an alias btw . )
yep , it can be .
they were turned on without my knowledge .
nothing really , i was just hoping it would explain why the procedure with `rc.local` does n't work . but in any case , thank you !
: because every user would then have to add this filter . and we only want to ignore the ooo messages that are a result of posting or commenting on our knowledge base . they are an unexpected and unintended consequence of posting . ( e.g . i would not expect an ooo message from you , even if you let superuser.com send you notifications ) .
, if i used wired with modem then its connecting correctly .
the address bar can be removed by making an application shortcut . that is not what i 'm talking about . i 'm talking about the status bar in the footer . amending question for clarity .
i 've always wanted to see how bad it really was . also , i want to use 16bit software and do n't want to be encumbered by vms . it 's a new experience to try dual-booting , really .
i 'm using office 2010 on windows 7 but i think it 's always been like that .
i 'm using the root cert facilitated by the company , i just installed it .
windows -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
: `ufw` is just an example , i am getting that error for all commands
i am trying to connect from macbook to ubnutu machine hosted on digitalocean . i believe my ssh is update and i constantly update any packages on the server as well . the problem is the issue occurs randomly every now and then so nothing leads to the cause of the issue so far .
sorry , forgot to add it .
if i start my computer up 10 times , 5 of those times i 'll be able to suspend it
- that 's correct . if i were to pass in the string 'baseball ' the solution must return that untouched ...
i 've looked through all the running processes by running 'ps aux | less ' but the old processes are definitely no longer there . i do think that is the case but i do n't have much idea as to where the lock files are
: i enabled the wifi hotspot from `cmd` . that 's it . and i 'm sorry but i do n't know so much about dns servers .
i also have two subdomain on the same host associated with the website i.e . code.abc.com and blog.abc.com and surprisingly both of them are running fine . ( cmd `ping` also successful for both of them )
yep . 260 chars ... nowhere near enough . i can easily use that much : 045504052015 .045604052015 ..045704052015 ... etc . and yes , incase you were wondering , i really do need to name them that way . : )
there is no difference . it does n't work when i connect it via ethernet or wifi ... and all the other hosts are connected via ethernet . and the router allows wifi to wifi connections . i 've checked it .
update : i have run mbam and it did n't find anything wrong . i misspoke in the my comment i am a programmer in our it dept which is why i want hidden files turned on . i have local admin on my machine and can run regedit i do not have permissions to change the domain controller settings at all but my boss has told me if i find something promising he would make the changes any help or suggestions will be greatly appreciated
i do not think this is os specific - but i mostly use it in ubuntu with xfce .
is the quotes ( `` ) necessary ?
, i did try running the command without it , it was throwing some permission denied errors
: no , there is no errors pop up on the screen , it just restart immediately
well , if it 's portable i feel it will be more elegant .
**memory : ** [ ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ] [ 1 ] **cpu : ** [ ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
added cropped picture from rsop.msc - policies are to enable rdp
nope . under `` show : network port configurations '' all are listed and checked `` on '' . under `` show : network status '' , airport and internal modem are listed ( with red lights ) , but built-in ethernet is not . when i use ifconfig both en0 and en1 are shown , both say `` status : inactive '' even when the cable is plugged in . i 've also tried manually setting the media type in the built-in ethernet `` ethernet '' tab , did n't work . : \
i want to capture traffic from specific website . it can be done either ways . so i just want to know how
hi ! yes , as i wrote in my question : windows 7 .
sorry , i forgot specify about that , is linux .
- i did not know that , that does indeed make things easier . thanks !
the color and the source are one in the same . i need to know where the information came from , as one color ( green ) signifies that the data is already present in our database . the other ( blue ) is from an external resource . if those that remain as unique values are green then i will not have a need to import the data . if the those that remain as a unique value are blue then these are net new data points that will be brought into our database . the names must remain confidential so an example is hard to post .
possibly , i 've read that a lot of people have tried that without success but it 's worth a shot of no one else has any ideas . thanks : )
i will probably replace it before i replace the mobo . i 'll edit the post as soon as i do so with information about the result of a new psu , and then a new mobo if needed .
it fails to open . ugh , i also forgot to say that it has a username and password passed in somehow . it 's late at night over here .
, that still would n't let it into my home directory - see below , i had to set the execute permission for all to allow access .
but i want to share internet connection from guest to host ? how ?
computer is infected by a virus or a malware ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted textmy
yes , making copies and adjusting the channels in the copies is possible and relatively straight forward . however , adjusting each file by hand ( which could end up numbering in the hundreds ) would be time consuming , and adding to the code that generates my sound files just to deal with this one sound card is impractical , since my existing files would need to be regenerated .
yes i do have it on .
frank , why ?
: does n't matter , although mainly on windows 7
its on an sd card . will just check the os in a minute . it looks like embedded windows xp .
: yeah , i just want to be sure that this is how it works . not too stable when it comes to things like mbrs and other os stuff . will it all be restored kind of ?
it deletes the files afterwards , and it tries to execute them before that : - ) i need to just transfer files around
i tried last night , but i could n't fit the cable to the screen . i 'll try it again though . it could 've been because of the terrible lighting i had .
is there any way to move this picture from tmp folder to my web application folder programmtically ?
everything after `` traceback '' is the error , none of that is supposed to be there
_any_ other ? trace-routing any public ip 's that i 've tried ( for instance , the one that _google.com_ resolves to ) gives the same 1-st node .
i 'm using the ip address . there 's no blocking , because i can open the site via the `links` text-based browser on the other side and it works .
will hirens set up the partitions for me at the right size etc ? or will i need to do those first , then run mbrfix ?
, no , the wireless adapter driver states windows 8 but it is the latest available .
i used ahk with # installkeybdhook to determine what the key was , and it turned out to be lwin . resulting output for key history was keydown lwin keyup lwin for both .
adblock plus 1.3.3 canadian english dictionary 2.0.0 fastestfox 4.1.8 java console 6.0.17 , 6.0.20 , 6.9.16 , 6.0.22 , 6.0.23 , java quick starter 1.0 microsoft .net framework assistant 1.2.1 open download 1.0.0 quick search 0.6.0 tab mix plus 0.3.8.4 tubestop 1.5
. even if it is required , there should be an option to _re_-install in case something goes wrong .
i am not finding anything in it pertaining to the shut down . i just see the events of it coming back on . nothing out of the ordinary leading up to it .
till now it
i 'm not even sure . my best guess is that the focus was in that field when i was typing and i did n't notice .
yes i have a registry backup . and yes an external mouse plugged on a macbook
it 's what rackspace tech support told me when we were troubleshooting the problem
i hear the noises from my guitar amp..
the connection is cable and the router is a belkin f5d7230-4 . i will update my question to include that .
**edit** : i want to keep the window open , i just want to reintegrate it into society .
it 's a good suggestion , oliver . i 've actually already tried that ( forgot to mention it in my question ) . all i got was two versions of synergy , running at the same time : p
i am running raspian . i queried the status and both nmbd & smbd are running .
thank you all for your help .
`lan` is a raspberry pi without monitor , keyboard or mouse connected to it . so it 's essentially a headless server . it 's just the shell available on the chromebook , the question includes the link to it , but i 'll also add now the official faq with all details available about it .
i 'm not sure about the drivers . how can i check this ?
yes open to using command line
: yes . as long as the plist is owned by root : wheel .
i just double checked , i do n't have one . the only thing i have is `` intel management and security status ''
-edit- i even got com 24 today when hooking up the device to my xp laptop through usb .
the printer does not have the ip , the ip is on the print server hardware , thanks .
well , there are many examples , but let me start with a bookmarklet that i have on all my browser : javascript : location.href='mailto : ? subject='+document.title+ ' & body ; ='+escape ( location.href ) ; with this bookmarklet , you can send the link to the current webpage to anybody you want .
doing it atm.. think i will have to wait to accept it
, yes i did replace the thermal paste .
what do you mean ?
*edit* it 's not the wifi signal . it connected to the signal flawlessly before , and other laptops and computers are connected through it too . there 's also no kill switch that may be bugging out since the laptop has no kill switch .
ah , but the thing is , even at 5 volts , the usb port runs north of 1.5 amps . do you know how to check the voltage ?
i updated the mainboard und ipmi bios and now i test it again . when it fails then i try to update the lsi hba controller ...
what does it matter , obviously there is a reason for the question since i am asking it . do i need to justify asking a question that other people can not find useful ?
i 'm using windows 7
hi , so you know the commands ?
it 's what i 've used for years in vim as my . i usefor '\ ' in insert mode .
it 's an asus router that has a traceroute tool pre-installed
yes it was a 100 % match . i 've tried to modify the extension of the file to .cel then to open it with gimp but it failed .
my understanding was that they 're currently and have been in lawsuits with apple over patent infringement ( and has previously had to stop offering some products ) . i was hoping for a solution that might stick around for awhile , and was officially supported .
: interactive shell sets the current working directory to $ home , which is not what i want . yes , '-c` allows me to type the command in gvim command line ( i.e . after ` : ` ) so whatever i type in will become the command input to bash shell .
windows 7 pro x64 . i expect to record normal video ( something like desktop capturing ) . i can run program in this session ( so i ca n't see it normal in windows desktop , but i see it running in task manager ) . i can also switch from `` normal '' session to session 0 ( if you do this , you see only black screen in background and nothing else ) and normal program window running in foreground . it 's hard to explain , and i ca n't even do screenshot ...
to be able to manipulate the files with shell scripts , for instance .
is it possible with ultramon ?
you are right , i did what you said and it worked
loads , there is no correlation between them , like steampowered , bbc , some travel websites and just loads of things that when i go to click ( linked ) and just says connection reset , it is the same response with different browsers .
mostly xp pro , with one server 2003 and a few fedoras mixed in .
edit2 : i reinstalled ubuntu server , now i use the above config , which is basically the same . i can now access the samba share on the server itself but still the same problem from windows .
yeah they are all jpegs .
yes i did quit , but it is something i normally do .
yes , manni . is there something wrong with that ?
the username is , but the password is not . the xp machine does not have a password
because i like the apple mail program most . but i 'm not interested in working in apple os .
edit : i guess i 'm not clear enough , sorry . what i am looking for is a key or combination which will allow me , during boot , to stop all programs which i previously have set to automatically load . i can then load , for example , my voip phone for use without waiting for all the programs to load .
also can someone suggest what 's going wrong here ( if any ) and what would be the fix ?
nope . all i did was plug it in .
i use windows 7 pro . yes , i 'm updating manually through google drive for pc . by folder to folder . not through the web browser . only from windows explorer .
yes i forget to remove the quotes , the syntax in command prompt would be : if part_inst= '' no available instance . ''
& ndash ; ideally one that does n't depend on the relative locations of the text box and the `` ok '' button & ndash ;
no , it will not boot into safe mode . : - ( and there is no blinking cursor , just black .
: that is remote control of an android device ?
**edit : ** answers say *no* , but the eula may prohibit it . yes/no ? **note : superuser is not a legal resource and any advice/answers here should not be used in any way . **
anywhere really , but in explorer too .
i 'm terrible at analyzing dumps . when i opened windbg , all i read was gibberish , hence me asking here .
route 53 has four ns records and one soa record for my domain if that 's what you mean .
: a *virus* ? when i told process monitor to *log the boot* process ? that makes no sense to me . it 's been fine for more than a year with uac turned off ( through user accounts )
sqlite is kinda reusable , but it only stores a few weeks of history . i want to log it persistently .
yes it happened every single time i opened the store . but only that page was affected .
added : the os is windows server 2008 r2 for both of the server . it is not a duplicate topic . i can not use the 3-rd party transfer channel .
i believe the drivers are up to date . ( i 'm not near my computer today ) also , the processor is fairly recent so i do n't think that 's the issue and there are 4gb of ram .
utorrent ... ... .
for reference , my computer is the 14 '' razer blade , which runs window 8. if possible an answer with a generic solution would be preferable , but i will accept a specific solution for this system if that is all that can be found .
probably not . i already spent so much time fiddling around with dd-wrt and now found that it works with openwrt on the first try , so my only incentive to switch back would be if i stumble upon any major problem with openwrt in the next days .
ups , sorry , i misspelled it : os ( operating system )
yes ... it says so on the side . and that is the number of memory slots stated `memory module connector : two sodimm connectors`
no . i turned secure boot off in case that caused problems for ubuntu . i do n't use bitlocker .
i use google chrome on windows 7..
when i close the program
i realize that but it was the only way i could get a set password to work . i was more so wondering why -pinsertpassword was n't letting me open any encrypted file .
i select `open photoshop.exe using wine` and nothing happens , wine tries to open it , but it does not , therefore nothing happens
easier said then done ; )
if you can help me in this case i would be thankful .
: i do have both but both seem to be only comments . ign : i can put that up but i want to scrub it first .
: one example is if you are using a chrome plugin such as scriptblock . while you can add an exception for the web addresses you know about , the scriptblock plugin shows its `` blocking ! '' icon on some of the addresses whizzing by . this can cause authentication problems ( in my case , i have to go through the login process 3 times before i can finally see my inbox ) . this background information is useful , but not strictly relevant to the question .
still system is getting rebooted .
**update** i found someone reporting a similar problem here :
i 'm using the ubuntu loader ( grub ? ) . so it should n't be too difficult to just edit the grub bootloader to add an entry pointing to the logical partition with os x on it ?
unfortunately not : (
our /etc/limits are definately coming from shadow package , i am not sure my userland is busybox or something else , i do i check it ? ?
yes as question notes , norton antivirus does not load
right , i commented out the line with `` listen 80 '' in /etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf and now it is perfect , thank you !
well , i have synology nas and couple of macbooks . i can not see any of these
eta : after looking at the bios : at the times when it 's booting wrong , the ssd does n't appear in the list of drives at all , so it 's not just a case of wrong boot order .
i 'm doing a full shutdown in windows 8 ( i actually upgraded to that not too long ago ) from the menu that slides in the right , settings , and then a full power off rather than sleep . any devices plugged into the slave outlets are all powered on .
i only want everything after the final underscore .
: i would count installing a plugin as configurating for my purposes .
a little information about my environment : > os x : 10.8.2 > vim : vi improved 7.3 ( 2010 aug 15 , compiled feb 25 2013 01:56:26 ) > zsh : 4.3.11 ( i386-apple-darwin12.0 ) note that i run zsh as a shell .
we figured memory after reviewing the crashdump we finally got from the last crash . replacing the memory entirely also resolved the problem , at least for now . it is not my personal system , and the `` client '' is a long-time friend .
sorry im real new to excel and macros is another thing , how could i do that then .
no luck . still looks the same . @ moab i forgot to mention it is windows xp in the question . i 've since updated it .
yes
already ran an virus scan , memory check reports no errors . i do n't know how to run a diagnostic of my motherboard , but my on board debugger ( dr debug ) gives no errors . disconnecting all hard drives but one is possible , but will take 1 to 2 days per drive to verify , as the error occurs roughly only once a day .
**edit** : for clarifiction . i am building a usb *thingee* to use with the mac and am shopping for usb chips for the circuits . i need to know that when i hook my usb device to the mac that i 'm not going to be in driver hell or installer hell blocking me from the app store .
because uncommenting it did not have any impact , its still all messed up , background is white , numbers on the left have a greyish background , and wherever there is text is greyish background .
, looks like it is gone forever ...
no plugins . the only thing that i have installed recently is an upgrade for windows live messenger and writer .
i would much rather it be the regular .bat or .cmd script as it should run on windows 2000 or higher
yes that was one of the first suggestions in some of the posts i read . i 'm not sure what it was but it 's corrected itself after uploading a newer version on sharepoint . not sure if i should mark this as answered or what
well ... the problem is that i do n't have a license for win 7
windows server 2012
, please post that as an answer . enabling uac solved the problem , domain and all .
i currently use windows xpprosp3x32 and 7prox64 , but any debian-based distro is also ok .
i edited my question and posted the hardware specs.in bios its showing 4096 mb ram.i upgraded from windows 8.1 to windows 10 few months back , though that time i did n't check ram usage . i will boot linux live cd and post the result here .
edited to add pivot table example
it just says that the camera is busy and ca n't be used
- correct , because a and c is not present in all three columns
open source is free and more actively developed . the question why open source vs proprietary software is a entirely different question .
9tb free on the destination server
its not working
yes , .4 framework
: added , my bad : p
no , i ca n't open this folder .
i find that hard to believe . surely pushing 983,040 pixels around is easier than 3,686,400 pixels ? that 's not actually the main reason i want to do this though - stretching a game out like this just looks really crappy .
: the computers are connected through an access point and a layer 2 switch , that does n't even know ipv4 from ipv6 . honestly , i do n't know if the _router_ supports ipv6 , but as the hg will never cross the wan , i do n't really think it matters if the router supports ipv6
i downloaded it from msdn so i suppose it 's a good image . it is x86 with sp3 , yes .
crunchbang ( # ! ) c :
i can run fsck -fy and applejack auto ( which i have installed ) , but the machine hangs in regular boot up .
i 'm using windows 7 , but i have cygwin installed also .
then why that flag is active in my account/question ?
yeah , i was just experimenting with it . since we have that in our syllabus
nah , unfortunately not . that 's why i came here .
, yes i am using nat , could you pls elaborate more on port forwarding ? any configuration i need to enable ?
my typo , it 's `` testdisk '' . either way , it fails to work .
raidz , i incorrectly stated zpool .
. **update** to be explicit - *does anyone have any ideas why i am unable to use all the detected memory ? * i had 8gbs before in a 4x2gb configuration . **ram details** 2gb 240p pc2-5300 cl5 36c 128x4 ddr2-667 2rx4 1.8v ecc fbdimm all 8 slots are registered as active ( see `dmidecode` output ) . motherboard details base board information manufacturer : dell inc. product name : 0gu083 version : a00 serial number : ..cn1374073h00up . available memory ( bios also says 12gb installed memory , but lists 8 2gb sticks ) total used free shared buffers cached mem : 12039 11888 151 0 549 10825 -/+ buffers/cache : 512 11527 swap : 1992 573 1419 full `dmidecode` [ full `dmidecode` output here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
oh thank you @ raystafarian
yes . i have confirmed all of the voltages i mentioned with a multimeter .
great answers . mostly some apache , or lighttpd : ) haha
, indeed it was ! thank you , that fixed . really do n't understand why you 'd want this behavior .
the `` did not work '' statement means that the system did not start after the installation . the only thing that did start was the fan that kept on going until the power was cut . and yes , i have tried using the 4 gb as the only modul .
no i do n't think so , i checked it , it do n't seems to have a switch.i read on the web gparted might help - but it did n't even detect usb partition .
, i can do it programmatically using c # . i do not know all the languages : )
: i thought it was a better idea to use the original windows which is installed on my laptop for a long time .
windows 7 and vista on dualboot..
i have not yet applied any bios updates to the computer . the system gets extremely hot to touch when allowed to heat up without the fan spinning , so it 's certainly an issue that i believe needs to be corrected . my concern mainly stems from the fact that the fan setting seems to have changed without any obvious prompt on my part . i am using windows 7 professional .
- hibernate . i used the wrong term .
os = windows 8 x64
it 's a .config extension and i have notepad++ set up to be the default app for that extension .
sorry for the confusion . i meant essentially a command prompt in windows . if i type `` lkajsflksajdfj '' i want to detect it is n't a command . if i type `` notepad.exe '' , it 's ok .
did you mean use rsync at first or use rsync to send the chunk ? using rsync for backup is one option , but it needs to scan all file lists instead of modified file only . using rsync to send chunk , it requires temporary disk writing .
if i was creating all the docs myself , i would . also , this seems to be an issue when pasting from other applications , not just word , so i 'd like a setup that can catch those characters , regardless of what application i 'm pasting from .
thanks a lot for your comment . it 's 6.11.0.102. i will update my question as well .
sorry , i should have mentioned that i 'm using ssds . the windows experience index went from 5.9 to 7.9 after i installed the driver .
noauto wo n't work . from man fstab , `` noauto do not mount when `` mount -a '' is given ( e.g. , at boot time ) ''
keepcache is 0. which means it should delete the downloaded file , right ?
**edit : ** i do n't think i 'd like to *disable* automatic restarts at the moment . generally i welcome them . otherwise i wo n't restart until i meet the bluescreen : ) but i do n't want to go this way .
i 'm trying to make a novel set up where grub and its configuration files are write protected for security purposes . it 's supposed to emulate ( normal sense of the word ) the boot lock processes found on most android phones . making it kernel-level makes it harder to undo .
sure . added them to the question .
ctrl-tab works in firefox on the mac , but not opera . oddly enough , as i found from looking around after john t 's answer , on the mac it 's option-tab .
: she makes collages , enhances color and brightness , crops images and does some other adjustments . these are all very easy with picasa .
when i open the full message headers in outlook , the `from` header is there and it is populated . so are `return-path` and `sender` for that matter . but outlook does not display it on the left part of the quick reading pane .
but what should i convert it to ? should i try everything ?
there 's no `` encrypt the system partition or entire system drive '' in the linux version of truecrypt but there is in windows . check this yourself . there 's no such option in the linux version of veracrypt too .
i figured out it is due to the fact that my sonolgy is also a vpn client and has a 10.8.0.0/24 address assigned . when i disconnect this it works . how can i add a static route to my nas so that connected devices through the routers vpn ( 172.16.36.0/24 ) can access the synology and get a response . now traffic out from the synology is going through the 10.8.0.1 gateway because of the vpn client
i 'll look into a lockfile . if i store the pid in it , i can check for that process still running . if it 's not , then it must have exited unexpectedly . i ca n't use your time idea as it could be hours , and i ca n't use that pid link as it uses wmi . i 'll think of a way to get the pid . maybe list all the cmd pids , start my cms and see what pid has been added . or write a little vbs launcher script ...
rishabh raj i have saved the file , and i was opening the file before without any problems , but this time i do n't know what happened ! !
yes - the usb will go into the tv and the ethernet to the router
explicit would be to mention the missing privilege , which the error message does not .
should i be wary of posting that information online ? i know very little about hacking , but i imagine that information on the route to my computer might be unadvisable ? or am i being over cautious ?
i select all the cells , then ctrl + c .
the boundaries are not right -- the monitor is displaying only the middle `` window '' of what should be displayed -- the outermost areas disappeared into the margins -- on all sides . i can adjust that `` window '' to move around a bit ( using monitor 's buttons ) , but never able to view the entire screen . i expect the monitor should work because it is capable of much higher resolution , and 1024x768 is very standard ... .
( mozilla firefox in private browsing mode , list of things to do in notepad , and the like )
edit : this is a shot from internal validation in chrome under windows . no javascript involved here . here is the code :
edit : to clarify the situation : i have a os x machine which i use to connect remotely to a ubuntu linux desktop via ssh . i 'm using matlab runtime on the ssh remote machine . i just want to receive a chime at the end of every matlab simulation on my local machine , not the remote one . that 's all .
paul , we are using it as a router and its ip is external . i added our network topology .
ah , yes . i did n't think about that . i suppose that 's a rather crude way of doing it , i 'm not as good with powershell : /
: in bios , this option is disabled by default . hmm ... : (
whoops typo on my part . yeah it 's localhost ... but i did not mistype in the mysql thingy ... . it is localhost ... still same error
alt+shift+tab switches between tabs , such as within your browser . if it were indiscriminate , then it would have been a decent solution . i really just do n't want to do something different to get to the desktop than to get to any other window . i could get used to using a different shortcut .
i clicked as on picture for root folder
**edited** : sorry for not clarifying this question from beginning randolph potter has shown me that osx extended mplayer works . in fact , what i want is the command line version of mplayer . i can install it on mac os x 10.5.8 , but not on 10.6.3
: yes i can and it creates it .
np when i installed the system that poped up that it was missing those files . and everytime i boot it says failed to load iwlwifi-7265d.11.ucode and iwlwifi-7265d.12.ucode let me check the script real quick .
i use vlc , and yes you 're right , i just installed another player and the subtitle was gone . i found it would disappear after 5s but my movie is only 4s . thank you very much for reminding . i 'm not quite familiar with linux os and i should pay more attention to that .
not new and my users will be using a range of different players . the wvm files are recorded via gotowebinar using their native codec . it 's very , very rare ( like twice in six years ) that the end users report a problem related to the codec - the point is to gain a overview of what factors effect the users 's ability to 'skip ahead ' , vs. stream vs. downloading the full file before playback .
oh yeah , there are no issues getting to the server itself .
i do n't know what you mean , what is a level in your context ?
edit ( for clarification ) : i 'd like to see the full title of the web page of the tab i am on at all times ( hovering the cursor would not work for me ) . making the tab full width only works if i have 1 or 2 tabs , but most of the time i have many more tabs so this would n't work for me .
all to the same batch file
i am connecting it via hdmi . i believe the resolution is 1980 , but i will have to confirm that later when i am back in front of the computer .
freezing mid-disk fragmentation or just surfing the net , blue screen of death , recovery from fatal ... etc . on reboot ... sometimes you get to the desktop , sometimes not .
i 'm not sure which term to use but the result should be the same as if the copy was done using vss but only on the folder-level , not disk-level . the goal is to create a consistent copy of a folder - as if the backup ran in 0.0s .
dpkg-error detected . please open a terminal then type ( or copy-paste ) the following command : sudo chroot `` /mnt/boot-sav/sdb1 '' dpkg -- configure -a when i type that in terminal , it opens configuring grub-pc but there is no devices listed just an ok button then close this window .
was able to restore my windows boot loader with help from this article , since this
it changes the system settings , yeah . but chrome completely ignores this when initializing directwrite , which is unchained with the system settings .
let me check on this extra space , board is nothing but my target machine .
no , i installed dell system software but dell webcam central error : no support webcam driver detect ! win 7 x64 .
well , that 's the obvious solution . ( that 's what the last statement meant . ) this usually happens when i think to myself , `` it was pretty charged when i turned it off , i should have enough power to start it back up . '' of course , i 'm quickly proven wrong . as i said , i remember a few of my computers doing this in the past , which was *super convenient* . `` hey , your battery is low . you should plug your computer in or you might lose data . '' basically , i miss that feature .
here 's what i have so far : ! [ diploma with fields to fill ] [ 1 ] ( [ larger image ] ( ) ) and the 2 columns with the names and averages : ! [ names and averages ] [ 2 ] ( [ larger image ] ( ) ) i honestly have no idea what to do . any tips would be welcome ! [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
yes i did , but there is not a lot of options available unfortunately ...
it happens for every extension .
of course it is .
i will look out for the attribute you mentioned next time it clicks.. touch wood it has n't yet
umm no . there is still possibility of getting malware that can install programs . this way it is not possible . just another layer of security . perfect example :
no i am not trying to open an email attachment and my computer 's language is in english . i tried using a custom install of microsoft office and just installing power point on my hard drive .
by that are you asking if i administer the site itself ? no , it 's a third party service .
on one laptop i have norton internet security while on the other there is no anti virus.i am using google chrome
note : i accepted the following answer because it was the one that worked best for *me* . i found the emacs fill commands the easiest to use among the answers , and i appreciate how it recognizes even non-whitespace indentation ( for stuff like # and // comments ) . however , the other answers all fill their own niches and i recommend others visiting this question to look at them as well .
yaler is based on reverse http and there is no direct mapping between the yaler domain and my public dynamic ip address .
i did n't get the exception code but i am a programmer and i uses windows media player in my application and i got an hresult : 0xc00d11b1 '' ( i know it usually a codec error ) while just trying to use/open the player , before even playing a file .
no , i want no interface . all the computer is supposed to do is open internet explorer on logon and the user ca n't do or use anything else
i should have been more clear . no , there is no change to the file , unlike with photo tagging which works the way i expect .
what the price of a new battery ?
ive tried pushing , pinching , twisting and using a sucker on the front glass to pull outwards , all have no visable effect .
yes- maybe i should make more clear i want this to be a clone of an administrators account and i do n't want all users to have the same stuff , just this one particular users , and i do n't want it to *stay* the same , just start off as a copy , that 's all .
**edit : ** yes , i 'm using a laptop , but it 's docked . i 'm using an external keyboard . this cursor jumping only happens with notepad++ . it does n't seem to occur with any particular key sequence ( that i 've noticed ) .
ok , thanks for trying : )
example directory : d : \data\3214 client\accounts\specificfolder the idea being it will look for the specificfolder within any folder below the 3214 'client directory . '
i think rather than `` redundant '' , it 's `` annoying '' . i hope you understand i would prefer staying away from having to send an e-mail to all parents telling them to refresh the page , and having to cope with parents who forget to do so .
yep . all the other people are in +10 gmt . i 'm in +8 gmt . daylight saving is on in nsw .
attachmate reflections macros can be set up to wait until it sees certain text in the screen before it does a `` send '' . so if i want to have ahk automatically enter my username at a prompt , i can have the ahk script wait until the `` username : '' prompt displays ( for , say , a db login ) . i 'm currently using ahk `` send '' , in combination with sleep,100 to handle the case where a database login prompt is slow to load ( i have a db login script set to run from .profile at login ) .
. edit : example : i 'm doing ping to our internal server , `` requests timed out '' the share folder takes long to open file ( due to network outages ) we lost our connection to the internal webserver . but only in a specific network part in the other half of all network works to 100 %
yes you are right , can you help in that .
how can i test the performance or find out
i disabled many tasks in the task scheduler , but the problem continued.. i did n't see one related to performance options but i 'll check again.. i added details to the post
my apologies , should never write one of these while walking out the door from the office ... we are using freeipa for an ldap server . some mountain lion and mostly mavericks on the osx .
, a1 : i ca n't get the .net 3.5 framework to install no matter what i do ( which i 'll save for a separate thread ) and attempted `sfc /scannow` to attempt to diagnose the issue .
i would have thought the opposite . what tags would you give it at so ?
cwrea , why not ?
opening the start menu , i can see windows phone 8.1 toolkit and visual studio 2013 application icon and folders . i opened vs 2013 and it launched as an installed software .
updated question .
unfortunately parsing the config files as parameters directly to the program is impossible because there are 8 copies of it running on each vps , all requiring different config files . rsync does n't ensure that , but since i was able to delete files that were being symlinked while they were running , i guess that 's not an issue .
i even tried running the whole installer as admin and it did n't work .
yeah firewall 's are off on both sides
all linux based mail apps have too many common issues . 1 ) no rules , 2 ) no calendar , 3 ) no contacts ... all this needs to be out of the damn box , cant spend hours to set the shit up . i am a linux fan , but none of these damn tools work out of the box .
i am using google translate .
currently i have 512+128 mb ddr ram . i want to run xp on suse
could you provide me with a link where i could find how it can be done
latest update on this problem . 1 ) no firewall 2 ) 2.0.0.72 is the version i use . 3 ) sound devices are working
i was just using the hyper-v stuff that comes with windows 8 pro , but i 've given that up and am now trying vmware player
: i do n't know what you mean by internal zone
all the client has told me is that it is a watchguard vpn built on top of openvpn , sorry i ca n't elaborate on that more ...
no i ca n't . server editions does n't do the restore points themselves . i did n't know that and therefore i do n't have a backup .
oh sorry about that , gentoo linux , and yes it occurs in both firefox and chrome
yes it is connected to a ms account . i have also another account which is connected to company domain . actually i dont have much information on what group policies can do on my pc , i was suspected that they disabled all local accounts on my pc but now i think that was not the case .
essentially it 's for a server with a lot of data stored on it , another harddrive was added but they ca n't reconfigured their hardware raid . so i 'm looking for a software alternative as the software they are using completely works out of one folder . and libraries ? i was n't aware they were customizable . how would you go about it ?
i ran a heat monitor during the jumps . none of the temperature monitors went up at all . the gpu ( which seems to be the impetus for the cpu increase ) is one of the coolest components , actually got cooler during one bump
alright , but my computer becomes extremely slow otherwise.. and why does running a virus scan stop the superfetch ?
yes ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
because in the windows update manager it shows an update saying `` skype update 5.8 to 6.11 ''
good question . i 'll have to check .
first it was n't there , then when i started taking screenshots , that came here ...
zoom button works but as soon as i close the info window and reopen it , back to being small again . i 'm beginning to think this is a sl bug . a thought has occurred though . is it possible to add values to an existing plist , i.e. , if i add in fxinfowindowheight manually ?
seems like it : p
no , once the computer starts up the sound stops . however i have not stress tested the graphics yet .
thanks ! ! ! i did as you said and found neither the show package contents nor the masters or originals folders . but i 'm not sure i really did what you suggested correctly because the file name you had me search ( ~/pictures/iphoto library.photolibrary ) showed a lot of images ( admittedly most unrelated to my iphoto library ) . i did , however , goback to the oldest backup from the lacie hd and dragged the old iphoto app onto the desktop ; opening it showed most of the pix i ca n't bring up with the new photos app . and when i try to import them from app or drag them from old iphoto , they are incompatible
i have a sata 320gb external hard drive .
**edit : ** i did install team foundation server which is microsofts source control but i could not get that to work and it crashed my visual studio when opening projects so i unintalled team foundation server and visual studio 2012 and then reinstalled vs 2012. i got tortoisesvn instead and set up the context menu commands .
name : quite simply because it hogs bandwidth , and i 'd rather update it when i am at uni or work where download quota is n't important .
: yes , that 's running because the external usb audio device does work . also checked it and it is running .
no vs add-ins installed . the hang happens both in files on the server and on local ones ( created a test project locally and it was still hanging ) .
i do n't mean a virtual machine . i installed the os on virtual hard disk . all the resources of the computer are allocated to that os when it boots . the os boots an any normal os does . i am not using any vm ware or virtual box..
developer tools are also installed on this os .
windows 7 home premium ; added to the info in the question .
: i am ok with the opera choice , pls provide that as an answer
windows 7 and windows server 2008. i wanted to avoid the need to set-up a full ca as all i really want is to sign a single cert .
why is it happening , what should i do ?
where can i find these logs ? if they are the files in `/applications/xampp/logs` , they are all empty .
i actually want pkstat but i cant get it installed
i left it out for about 10 seconds or so - but i suppose it ca n't hurt to try for longer .
yes i have
oh , i 'm sorry ... the task , which i 've attached to this event has only a `` display a message '' action . but these events occur during the boot procedure and - naturally - at boot time windows ca n't show the message box .
: yes i agree , laptops are n't easy to repair , the access to to components is a difficult task and their are quite fragile . i removed the cmos battery but it did n't change anything . i know it did something because when i lauched my windows , the date had changed to the day i bought it ( 5 years ago ) . but it did n't clear the ram slots . i know the 2 rams both work in the 1st slot , so it appears that the second slot is indeed damaged , though i do n't remember having done anything wrong ( but these things are so fragile ... ) thanks for the advice on compressed air , i 'll keep that in mind : )
i was running a simulation in vista that i did n't want to restart from scratch . eventually , i ended up doing that .
bradshaw still stuck on xp at work . hopefully upgrading to win7 soon .
, i just updated the question with the result of the `ethtool eth0` ...
it is a legitimate question . people want to do this , and should be warned off , but told the proper way to do this if they ca n't be deterred . asking and answering your own questions is encouraged on super user , stack overflow and server fault . see the faq .
due to physical limitations , the hub has to stay . i do not believe the hub is bad , since all computers have full internet connectivity , and are able to access other machines on the network ( i.e . comp . b can see comp . a ) .
the guide i linked to has worked for many people , obviously the latest drivers implement some changes causing it not to work for me . i 'll try reverting to an earlier driver , but your comment is confusing ... what do you mean a value 'in charge ' ? what process has permissions to overwrite what i 've set ? i 'm interested in understanding the mechanics of windows registry that is allowing this to happen despite permissions i 've implemented
shutdown /h works , i have enough disk space , i can not edit my maximum memory ( msconfig- > startup- > advanced ... - > maximum memory ) i does n't save my option after i press apply- > ok
i do n't see the version . help points to office.com , though the url is a company one . i suppose it is 365 though .
assuming i can not add an additional column at the end with sum of that row of values and vlookup that ( it 's the easiest way to resolve it i think ) , is there another way to achieve what i want ?
best meaning , its most likely the most compatible . the dns server which matches the pc and the network
i am using usb 4gb
can we change the settings ?
i did . there doesnt seem to be any syntax errors i can spot . will get other people to look at it so i can be sure . thanks for looking @ gman
: i want to be able to use 3d applications ; rdp actually replaces the video driver in windows with a software device that outright denies any 3d . i am using tightvnc server on the windows box , and the java viewer on the linux box . i also tried the viewer xvnc4viewer .
how can i set this up in untangle ?
i read the question from superuser at the following location
i 've added a screenshot of my vlan setup to the question . i think this indicates that vlan2 is wan . how do i check the dhcp lease for the wan ip ?
oh right , yes , line break with a space . i am also pasting `` text only '' , though i have tried `` keep source formatting '' , and `` merge formatting '' , all of which do n't give me the results i want .
the engine works fine on other traffic but one particular application traffic e.g dns it wo n't work . its closed system siem solution . the engine uses java regex
i am using windows 7 64-bit .
thanks !
i translated a message for copying error with google translate . is it enough for you ?
i forgot to mention that i have an azerty keyboard , everything is working just fine even the capslock . i do n't even know if the problem come from capslock or alt really ? !
it navigates at normal speed once i 've navigated to the site once . really weird . @ apoorv020 : i 'm running windows 7 on all computers except one which i 'm running windows xp on , i have the same problem there .
oh , did i really forget ? 7 x64 .
, no : ( , how bad can this get ?
i would expect an operating system to execute maintanance tasks on a regular basis which prevent it from getting slower .
i 'm currently using the 'radeon ' driver from 'xserver-xorg-video-radeon ' . tried using 'xserver-xorg-video-radeonhd ' , but it sucked . in the past i 've had bad experiences with amd/ati 's proprietary driver , so i 'm not using that . ah well .
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ connecting a ubuntu machine to a windows network ] ( )
( writing the path x : or in cmd x : )
i have tuned off the esxi and done many things since then , how can i get the previous tasks done
this is what i get . `openssh_5.9p1 , openssl 0.9.8r 8 feb 2011 debug1 : reading configuration data /etc/ssh_config debug1 : /etc/ssh_config line 20 : applying options for * debug1 : connecting to 192.168.56.101 [ 192.168.56.101 ] port 22. debug1 : connect to address 192.168.56.101 port 22 : connection refused ssh : connect to host 192.168.56.101 port 22 : connection refused`
i just didnt know if there where any dependencies with tor that were needed to be removed and i thought adding autoremove*code* would cover the task at once , idk . it 's the first time i install tor as also the first i remove it . : | . btw , could you tell if the entries i mentioned are just normal on connections ?
in my code -.htaccess , config file for apache
read the first paragraph of my question . its pretty clear , and since the entire question uses the same measurement , it 's also pretty irrelevant .
a cloud account is an account in the cloud , in this case a microsoft account . mine is @ hotmail.com .
2007. version : 8.0.6362.149
we 'd want to spend as little as possible ( obviously ) but it needs to be a reliable link . wireless makes me nervous on the reliability front . the wireless would need to be secure ( wpa should be fine ) but should n't think we 'll have to worry about men with axes or children with laptops as it 's a fairly large / secured site .
, hm , maybe i can . thanks .
added screenshot of normal file explorer . everything is fine except for save as dialog box .
do i seriously need to explicitly define that ? the same windows updates are installing over and over . what do you think i 'm looking to achieve ?
leopard . d
sorry , i do n't want iphoto to store a copy of the photo , i would like to store the photo in the pictures folder .
because this disables the device at the system level . i 'm using virtualbox to pass this device through to a virtual machine . this requires the device to be present on the machine , but without it being installed with drivers and taken over by windows .
i am currently using windows 7 x64 . on the video driver page on the official amd website states that it 's not compatible with sony vaio notebooks . on the sony support site for this laptop , it only gives the stock driver .
i am right-clicking on my documents folder to bring up the properties menu . from there , the read-only box is blue , indicating that subfolders/files are marked read-only . i have also tried the following from the command prompt : attrib -r c : \users\ % username % \documents\netbeansprojects /s /d
of course i understand . i dismissed the content immediately ( look at the typos , bogus content and number ) . i want to know how it was done , and did it leave permanent damage
no , the folder does not even exist . what does that mean ?
make -c tools make [ 1 ] : entering directory '/tftpboot/linuxdriver4fedora_v2.5.0.3/tools' gcc -g bin2h.c -o bin2h make [ 1 ] : leaving directory '/tftpboot/linuxdriver4fedora_v2.5.0.3/tools' /tftpboot/linuxdriver4fedora_v2.5.0.3/tools/bin2h cp -f os/linux/makefile.6 /tftpboot/linuxdriver4fedora_v2.5.0.3/os/linux/makefile make -c /lib/modules/4.3.0-kali1-686-pae/build subdirs=/tftpboot/linuxdriver4fedora_v2.5.0.3/os/linux modules make [ 1 ] : *** /lib/modules/4.3.0-kali1-686-pae/build : no such file or directory . stop . makefile:356 : recipe for target 'linux ' failed make : *** [ linux ] error 2
thanks for pointing out what i missed . question updated .
**edit** : i am editing this question because there is more infos now . so i did n't tell first that this problem was ocurring at my office . what i realized is that late afternoon , when almost everyone left the office , it worked without having to add new entries in the arp table . so i 'm guessing the problem comes from something blocking arp requests in the network , but what could it be ? this is a screenshot of when it worked again : ! [ network capture : arp requests sent and replied ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
does windows cache the url of `.url` ( internet shortcut ) files ?
for now yes , and i want to solve this case , but am also interested how to fix this in more general way if possible .
gah ! forgot to check ! my friend took his harddrive home but ill have access to it tomorrow most likely . what if i can see it in bios , what then ?
: it was pure luck actually ; )
hi ! thanks to your comment . u reminded me of tcpdump and i went to do a search . i did n't know tcpdump could do that ! here is a link to the [ post ] ( which gave me more details on what i wanted .
using another computer in the lan , i 've verified that the rdp successfully connects to my machine with the login credentials i provide . thusly , when i type in 192.168.0.100 from the non-host machine ( both connected to lan ) , i get rdp working properly .
it 's project cars . i can choose between `` 1920x1080 , 50 hz '' and `` 1920x1080 , 59 hz '' in the game , but those are both the interlaced versions . i do n't know why ... but they are ... adding 75p helped , because i can select it ingame and it ca n't `` accidentally '' use 75i . but i deleted the custom resolution again , because i do n't want to risk the health of my laptop . playing in windowed mode also helps .
no , @ raystafarian , he means the conversion to an array formula from a normal formula .
no private network.this is 2 pcs connecting to the same router and accessing the public internet
its an old power strip . and i have no problem replacing it . i guess i am trying to understand why it happened ? what is in a powerstrip that could cause this . if the powerstrip is dead would n't it be the same as plugging straight into the wall ?
the server is on a domain and i am specifying the domain name as such nomainname\administrator
i guess it only takes to try it out to find out if it works for you or not .
: it seem to fix my problem when i call `socket.shutdown ( ) ` just before closing the connection . or should i call `socket.shutdown ( ) ` better just before i am to create a new socket connection ?
yes , win 7 professional .
nope . it does n't . here 's my ifconfig output :
motherboard : gigabyte ga-z170-hd3p my complete build draws around 217 watts . should n't 450w be enough ? also , the 550w psu from corair has the exact same connectors
yeah looks like i erased the volume ( see log )
edit : here is an example : i currently have data which has been derived from converting dates of birth ( i.e . 04/08/07 ) to `` decimal years '' ( i.e . 3.75 ) . the original dob data has since been deleted . i would like to recalculate the dob from the remaining decimal number which represents years ( i.e . what is the date of birth of someone who is 3.75 years old ? )
i do n't have access to other pcs right now . but i do know that i can plug other things into this pc .
- that 's very odd indeed . it does now appear however when i attempt to access it via `cd jquery` , it returns a message saying there is no such file or directory . this raises a few questions . 1 ) what attributes do i need to look at when looking at hidden directories via the command line 2 ) how do i unhide it ? 3 ) why can i access the hidden directory ? 4 ) lastly why does the `find` command not locate it ?
yep - i never remove it .
edited : static ips for sorry are not suitable for my needs because sometimes i want to bring up the set of containers on the different pcs but within the same lan .
is totally working ! ! ! ! : ) ) )
thank you ! yes , i have the latest ( non-beta ) drivers , but i have the same problem with beta nvidia drivers .
: it can not get address automatically . it 's written **undefined network** .
. : 10.0.648.204
so is that what i should install ?
: it fails on page 7
i thought of buying space on web hosting companies like bluehost , install apache server on it and use my university server space to store data
no , nothing at all , only this as the last line
make that an answer instead of a comment please !
j. brehm , you can be right , but my guess is , something went empty , and this empty place is place for the name of something .
ps = postscript
i am looking for help starting this . i have started & learned from many node apps while learning javascript .
edit : both machines has windows 7 installed .
basically we have used the portquery tool to check whether there is connectivity between the vm 's hosted on our server and a clients server . some of the vm 's reported a connection , others didnt . this has worked for the past year i would just like suggestions on what could have happened to remove the connectivity to just a few of these vm 's
how would i then authenticate windows ? i do n't have a product key , the recovery disk automatically authenticates it .
in sound preferences the headphones are being listed as `` optical digital-out port '' which is incorrect and would explain the problem , but does n't help me fix it .
actually , the error message was coming from windows backup and it turned out that both drives had problems that could be fixed by reformatting the drives .
does n't matter , i 'd prefer linux then windows then macos..
same windows version , tried different usb slots , i am certain batteries are new , i have turned pc on the side for direct visibility between keyboard and receiver and its 2 feet away from keyboard atm . it does work , but then every minute or so it stops for 2-3 seconds ( sometimes 10-15 ) then works fine again or delays the keys pressed by a second or two .
i 'm on a linux machine
: yes i have sharing turned on as also password protection is disabled . will update my post as well .
i have checked live.com/outlook.com and have not found the emails . i have checked the `` rules '' menu on outlook.com .
trying pageant key # 0 server refused our key disconnected : no supported authentication methods available ( server sent : publickey ) fatal error : disconnected : no supported authentication methods available ( server sent : publickey )
same result . and i tested it with some other lenovo e73 , same result . but i dont habe the problem with another m93 which has an intel 4600
**edit : **for me is used memory is the amount of allocated memory which have been written . when allocating 3 gb the private bytes increase but the working set keeps unchanged . after filling 200 mb of the allocated memory it is shown on the working set . this 200 mb is what i look for , regardless of beeing completely on the working set or having been swapped out .
anacron looks interesting , but as you said , it does n't exactly do what i am looking . i was hoping that there was a daemon that would do exactly what i 'm looking for . thanks anyways !
in promiscious mode using the pcap_open_live function .
- see updated information above .
easus todo free 6.0 - windows 7 x64
35.0.1916.153 m
the comment is the shape.. or no ?
no , device drivers are not excluded . however none of the machines i use have the same hardware . i compared two of them and the only non-ms driver they have in common are nvidia display drivers ( not even the same version ) . seems unlikely these hook into the shell , or that i am the only one with the problem .
yes , i meant google , but i sometimes use other search engines , such as qwant . ps : you 're right , this is clearly a duplicate ... i do n't know how i did n't see it before . thank you .
my base system is running windows 7 and
i can not select the drive in speedfan . hdsentinel can not receive health data from it , so i have to run a test on it , to see it 's status .
i have cheap cables , will three hdd be fine for that
thanks . i am gon na try dd . whats full name of dd ?
when i change all the name of directory into english , it can be installed successfully . what if i keep the chinese as the name of directory ? i can not change all my directory into english .
well the desktop mic , the line-in works great on my desktop . i 'm assuming they work because i can see the sound bars go up and down , just not for all programs .
here it is : [ link ] ( you can see , the problem is the boot . maybe i 'll have to replace the mobo .
as an example , on sheet 1 of my workbook i have a name in cell b2 , followed by phone number of the same person in f6 and lots of other information in the cells between . i would like to extrapolate only the name and phone number and display them on sheet 3 in adjacent cells . then carry that on down the page on sheet 3. if i drag my current cell references , they just go up in 2 's . teylyn 's solution certainly works within the same sheet , and if i can get it working i will let you both know . your help is appreciated .
i wanted to install ubuntu on the external hdd . i figured out the way to boot from a flash drive instead of the external hdd . now i am installing on to the external hdd , but when i restart the pc with only the hdd connected , it tells me there is no os to load .
i finally solved : apparently transmission had a problem with the option '' use upnp or nat-pmp port forwarding from my router '' , which automatically fowarded port 51413 on the router . disabling the option and forwarding manually another port worked .
two were there when i bought the computer . the third appeared when i upgraded to 8.1 .
laptop . it is new and came pre-loaded with this operating system ( windows 8 ) i tried deleting and recreating the main user account on my computer , as well as disabling the firewall , but neither attempts fixed my problem . **update** i found , that the same situation is on my big computer . i just not thinking to use store , so did n't noticed it . so , the suspect is my router configuration . it is d-link dir-615 i am using local accounts . dns client service is running
they are normal hdd 's . when benchmarking , write speed is `140mb/s+` also . seems to be an issue with rsync .
the problem is it already exists . i ca n't delete the existing one , access it or change ownership .
yes he can . it related to his account and to that computer particularly .
i 'm using the ubuntu desktop .
**edit : ** i 'm only looking for freeware . **edit : ** the software should run on windows xp .
i 'm very satisfied with mine . i started having pain after a translation gig ( a lot more uninterrupted typing than programming ) and this keyboard ( along with other preventive practices ) significantly helped stop it from reappearing . it 's very comfy : )
into a single file ? i am using dos of window vista . the files are text files .
only 25 % time . but that 's irrelevant
that 's right . the bytes will differ in many places . the most important thing for me will be the ability to toggle between the input image and some output image ( since the output is a processing stage overlayed on the input , parts of the input are obstructed by the overlay . need to toggle back and forth to make sense of the overlay ) .
please add comments if additional clarity is required
well , yes , this is the only thing not working right now . about the certificates , i 've managed to issue a new cert from my ca ( win2008 server role ) ..do you think this is a valid cert ? ( i have it installed on the test pc ) ..and one more thing , when testing the connectivity with www.testexchangeconnectivity.com , besides the ssl cert errors i get : '' xrca is checking the host autodiscover.domain.com for an http redirect to the autodiscover service.exrca failed to get an http redirect response for autodiscover.additional details an http 403 forbidden response was received..
no that was the first one i think , i had two other coders in a call looking at it and doing it with me and they could n't see anything else
by the way , im on a mac ( os x 10.6.8 ) , but if needed i can do the transformation in windows , if it will survive copy-pasting from a virutal machine or being sent by email .
thanks for the comments and proposed solutions so far . and yeah , i considered to use skype already . since we 're a non-profit organization we try to solve as much stuff as cheaply as possible . the meeting will be kinda long - and i 'm not sure how expensive skype credits are in my country . so skype would definitely be last resort - but if there is any chance to solve this with other ( possibly free ) technologies , i 'd prefer to use them .
it 's shared between the phone and a hotspot . i realized after posting that an xp vm was autoupdating over the hotspot , which would seem to account for some big downloads , but not 1g ... or am i overrespecting xp ?
they are being rendered on the client computers . should i change that ?
they all end in .png
i want only one corner as rounded .
it 's a custom in-house service . i was just wondering if there were any general-purpose techniques for summarizing huge files .
sorry , the question is how do i get virtualbox to load windows 7. sorry , i meant i have my vdi saved on my external ssd
yeah , i guess i was complicating it due to the formula i found on the first google result . i thought the `x-x` thing was necessary for converting it to an integer or something crazy . turns out you 're right , it 's much simpler than i thought .
i will tomorrow ! i think my c drive exists out of 3 partitions , one of which is where windows is stored at . and for the error : it 's just the standard windows warning popup , only saying `` variables are incorrect '' . if you still need them i'l ' upload the screenshots tomorrow .
since superuser.com seems to bug at my end i cant answer the replies ( not enough rep ) to my question and have to create a new answer . geewee yes , that is the modem my provider gave me , also i can check this evening if my mac adress is blocked and will keep you updated . since the cisco only has 1 lan box and i have like 3 devices which need internet i am considering buying a router which has wlan and 4 lan slots easy . freudianslip thanks for the answer , but that is not the case . the cisco works with the same cable and another laptop .
sorry - i update my question - see my example again
what ? i keep all of my valuables in my trash can . just kidding . i 'm on mint 17 , so that would correspond to 14.04
not quite sure how to confirm , but the best i could do was check system/system protection , which shows as off ( i use norton to back up to my nas )
i installed linux .
yep ! : ) and you can not change to a hypothetical folder named `d` by doing `cd /d` as that is a valid `cd` option .
there is a bridge , as in : i bridged the wifi adapter and the ethernet adapter on the laptop so that both components would connect to the router . also what is wds ? and no the firewall is n't involved . thanx jesse
i wanted to use vnstat to track bandwidth usage , which requires a cronjob . i know i could use an alternative app , but it would still be useful to know how to make cron work on mac , if at all possible .
`ls -l /var/empty` returns nothing . @ kobaltz it works until ssh needs my key and then it fails because it ca n't find them in `/var/empty/.ssh` . i could move them , but that does n't tell me what the underlying issue is .
dvd video media
, damn ... post it as an answer & i accept it . it really did work !
yes . anyway i tried them all . ( 3 hdmi ports on the tv )
yup it 's empty : - ) it 's the first thing i do after deleting stuff .
vasa1 ; this is a 32 bit version of opensuse
the video did n't work . i got an error telling me to try again .
no , does not work .
and browse my computer for the files ?
the caddy looks like [ this ] ( i hope you can see the connectors on the picture . does this answer your question ?
: yes , the process is getting stopped by the debugger . i press the break/pause button which triggers this state and then the process cpu usage goes from a full core to zero .
not really , and that does n't work for multiple levels of indentation , and having a blue line next to the responses is misleading because to me it implies indentation .
this ie version is 8
to overclock the cpu ( make it faster ) instead of buying new cpu
that 's what i have in my config :
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ remove mac os x and install windows ? ] ( )
no clue , but that 's the version that comes up in the about box .
it 's a virgin media superhub 3 - so far as i 'm aware it has no user-configurable qos settings .
hey , i have updated my question with more details if that helps .
**edit**i do not mean a command-line *window* . the desktop disappears , replaced by a full-screen , blank , command-line . the screen goes black , with an underscore blinking . after 1-3 seconds , the desktop re-appears by itself .
emacs lisp is the code ( tag `elisp` ) , and the editor is emacs ( tag `emacs` ) . the elisp code ( within emacs ) will work on a variety of operating systems , including windows , linux flavors , and osx .
thanks darius , the last change was made about 3 hours back . i have been trying various methods since the past 24 horus . do you think my isp or my local pc would have cached it ?
: nope i just make a shell connexion to run a script , nothing is forwarded .
yes i 'm sure . cause last week , this list was complete . [ iis v.8 ]
, a bunch of settings specific to this computer that i do n't want to transfer to other computers . i only want the two settings above .
they are legit , the web host tech support does n't know why they are being flagged and blocked . is that poor service ? if so , i better change .
i 'm not sure . will have to check ... yes . it is set to _notify me only when apps try to make changes to my computer ( default ) _
if that 's the case why would it only leave out the % computername % and log the rest . i 'm stuck : (
a windows tool was able to show 2 partitions where the files are not accessible . the partitions also do n't show up in any file explorer . i expect to see at least sda6 since it still has all data that was there when i used it on just windows . i can see all files under linux .
this image is from audacity
its is a relatively shallow and smallish lake ' approximately 1.5 miles at its longest point to point and approximately.5 miles accross . there are bays etc . you can view it on line at llcoa.org thanks for the info
i am configuring static ip address for each device based on the their usb interface and if devices reboot their usb interface changes .
: nope , it should n't be . according to the hdparm manual `` the encoding of the timeout value is somewhat peculiar '' . see the manual for the full explanation (
no , i am not . i have a cable connection via rj45 : ) i found the solution though : )
it is definitely less trust worthy than router x , but yes , i guess i could drop all packets destined for router x via iptables on router y. thanks .
i have searched for version histories , but i ca n't find much on the subject . so , it 's more of a case of i 'd like to instead of i need to
the os is windows 7 and 8. control panel > network and internet > network and sharing center > ethernet > properties > ipv4 . the message appears if an ip lower than 8.0.0.1 or cidr < 5 would like to be configured .
thank you . running the vm full screen instead of windowed resulted in the behavior i expected .
yes , because of an error , sometimes parts of the display do n't update or the start menu becomes unresponsive . then i 'd kill explorer.exe via the task manager and run it anew , which solves those errors , but also closes all open folders .
: it 's not the paperwork , rather , all the testing that is required to verify the updates do n't change the behaviour of the system , and in large systems the number of interdependancies makes test complex . `` we upgraded the power plant control 's os - what do you mean it 's stopped working ? ''
i think this was the installer ( )
i do not have another pc to test with : ( i had similar problem earlier when i installed xp afresh , but that time all the drives of this 1 tb hdd were deactivated . so i simply went to disk management and activated them . this time it 's showing this d : already active and hence not giving any option to deactivate . i also disabled and enabled hdd , did n't help .
amd64 ( a8-6600k apu ) tried to run munge.bat from swbf2 mod tools . ( only really known to people who ue the program , afaik ) ( i do n't know if this affects other programs , but it would be nice to know if it does before it affects other things )
linux and windows .
no `` google desktop '' . i have disabled `` windows search '' service .
: burdges is correct . driver is not loaded yet at that stage . chkdsk must be able to read the c : volume in raw mode . this is only possible if there 's no file in it is open . that 's why chkdsk ca n't run with the /r switch on drive c : in win32 environment .
i think as : / maybe ? but then i have to invlove like bash script here and maybe it is not other platforms like other os
15 minutes . ok , it 's not that short ... unless you are at home , not in an open space , and also often working on a second computer . like i am , so the screen lock is obnoxious .
yes , locally they have distinct ip addresses , but the entire thing is behind the modem .
done , i meant windows 8.1. i know it was very hard to figure out the question with that mistake . ramhouhd i want to do the opposite , upgrade a windows enterprise 8.1 non-trial to windows 10 enterprise trial and then enter the key to the evaluation . and the official version has been released :
i do n't think my router supports multi-band use , but i 've also posted this question at superuser 's sister site serverfault.com ( one guy responded saying pinging a gateway is not indicative of effective throughput and therefore should n't be used in diagnosing network problems .
: note that i mentioned windows search and aqs specifically . this question is not about looking for alternatives - i have plenty of those , thanks .
i do n't know because i 've had the problem ever since i installed chrome on my pc a few months ago .
after i left my abusive ex-husband he started threatening me and harassing me . i got a protection order on him , he kept harassing me via email , i proved to the police it was him with the header , then he kept on harassing me afterwards by masking his ip addy . so i could show him that i will keep letting him bully me ..or i could show him that he can no longer bully me . i need to prove these emails , ecards , etc are from his computer .
[ **edit** ] please note i am *not* asking how to add this specific command . if you can answer that , cool ! but *the point of the question is how to add unlisted commands in general . * also , please look at the screen shots . i am *not* asking how to add the send/receive all command ( f9 shortcut ) . the desired command in the **example** , opens a dialog that allows management of the settings for sending and receiving .
i have very bad experience with updating ubuntu versions . tried it few times so far and i had to reinstall everything from scratch ...
yes it was sp1 rc
- i 've cleared my cache , that did n't help . - the *are you an it manager or oem* links me to a page where i can either *apply to distribute flash player* or *download adobe flash player* , the latter just sends me back to where i came from . - i 've uninstalled and rebooted , went to the adobe website and clicked *adobe flash player* under the *download* menu . the *install now* button again links me to - *need flash player for a different computer ? * sends me to and the *download now* button is greyed out and unclickable .
clicking with 2 fingers is what i 'm doing now , but it would be nice if i had the single click .
thanks but not really : i prefer to use dropbox as i have an unlimited storage there , while only 100 gb in google drive : /
i have permissions for write a file , when i execute same from `cmd` its working fine .
sorry , but i guess either you did n't read the question carefully or i did n't make it clear enough : look at the epoch timestamps - > those are the ones that differ over an hour but no timezone offset is set on any machine .
yeah , my laptop is on wi-fi . i 'm not sure what ap or phy rate is . i 'm in a house with 50 people who all have their own laptops , phones , etc. , so there probably is quite a lot of interference .
: fixed address
the files are hosted on 2008r2 . i would expect a reading performance of up to 100 mb/s . any idea ?
disabled windows firewall and issue still exists , i 'm not getting a connection
**update : ** i 've discovered that if i run the `rsync` command in a terminal , without the script , it works fine . if i run it using the script , it does n't work right .
task manager , as i said in the the question @ vogel612
i have a video with image and sound ( input.mp4 ) . i want to add a soundtrack ( music.mp3 ) to this video . but i want the audio from input.mp4 merged with music.mp3 and retain the images from input.mp4 .
yep . it shows 40 gb when i go to restore , but it then fails to create the partition table and asks if the disk is too small .
it 's a countif formula..work thing , ca n't post screenshot .
yes , it does give the same error .
it 's not a problem i 'm trying to solve it 's just a general question . whatever graphics card you put in your system you can still see the dispaly whilst booting , so is there some standerdised interface that is programmed into the bios ?
mostly , it 's because i want to know how close the tar operation is to being completed . when the files are being loaded in random order , there 's no way to tell with the -v flag .
you can make an oscilloscope from an old crt , but mine shows a message and automatically shuts of : ( and i do n't want to keep a computer connected . but i am not familiar with the vga connector protocol .
one of the main reasons why example # 1 could be more helpful is that there are actually quite a few more columns in the report that i listed here ( for example sake ) so the report becomes rather large . i always like to believe that there are ways to handle these situations built into excel , and since i was not finding it , why not come ask the community here who surely knows the capabilities of excel better than i. : - ) thanks for the info , i will go ahead and try this in vba and post what i find !
no .
i need the file of this specific version for a tool i 'm developing . not in order to repair an os installation .
thanks for replying . i used a tool named rufus to format the usb stick and applying the install image file ( converted to iso before ) . i 'm currently installing windows xp as the computer is not the fastest and is only needed to work for a specific task . now i borrowed an external usb cd reader but the computer wo n't let me boot from that either .
bit the bullet and reformatted . finally completed my complete transition to linux , no more ntfs for me .
i 've tried using -- accept=html , but it downloads css files then deletes them . i want to prevent them from ever downloading . a headers request is fine , though -- e.g . i notice `length : 558 [ text/css ] ` on the files i do n't want . if i could stop the request if the header does n't return `text/html` , i 'd be elated .
after rebooting , my attempt to copy the file to my internal hard drive failed again with the same error . frank thomas , i am not sure about network protocols- the method i am using is citrix netscaler gateway / citrix recieveer , and i open explorer and use it to copy/paste from the server to my computer or my external hard drive . the server is located offsite
i 'll see if i can do that tomorrow . not sure about the public ip addresses though , as it 's on a residential-grade connection . i think they allow multiple dynamic public addresses . i can always move the poe switch to sitting between the twc & sonicwall .
- well have n't tried much sadly . i know how to refer to values of cells in other sheets . but not sure how i can get the entire row content . e.g.in subject1 , a proper row would contain the bookname and the status . ( i am also planning to add few other things like colour code , date started , etc . ) i dont know how i can get all these values in the summary page .
that 's because the upload can come from an external user who is not aware of the existence of the 4 servers , so the uploaded image can come to any of them .
, thanks for the advice . i 've tried that but with no luck . after more searched over the web , i believe to be a driver-related problem ...
windows 7. i could provide a list of programs that manage services , such as windows 7 manager or tsm , but none of them do what i need .
it doese n't while the installation routine . but when i start it completely from cd ( try without installation ) there it is . thx
what i did was to set shut dwon schedule on task scheduler at 11 pm every night . task scheduler works just fine . it send the command to shutdown and windows try to shut down but it freeze at shut down screen .
the os version does not matter for me . i 'm using `gnu indent 2.2.9` . i can compile the latest version of indent if that would help .
hi , i 'd like to have the advantages of a home network , file server , shared folders , printers etc .
yup~i 'm using dual boot in my os .
: a virtual private server at some ips . at my home i 've a deskop box . i can run the vm on my desktop box .
, why would i want permission denied ? is n't this undesirable ? i realize it 's not clear as stated , but is this right ? why is permission denied despite `-rw` ? how can i fix this , if it is advisable ?
as far as i know , yes . what is this package and how can i remove it ?
i will only use windows again if i am obligated to at work ... otherwise i am now completely mac converted : )
yes . normally i get around 500fps in most games but with fraps on i get around 55-ish . i know that 's not bad but the fact that it 's 10 % of my original fps implies it can probably be improved .
laptop dell studio 1558 , hdd seagate st9320423as
sorry for the late response . the update you suggested worked perfectly and allowed windows update to proceed .
no , that is not an option here .
same the screen still flipped and blurry ...
the question is actually about the general case regardless of the actual implementation . my system is intel ich10r , though .
: complex mathematical calculations . sometimes they take more ram than i realize . in this case it was probably trying to allocate > 20 gb .
yes , i mean to rotate them 90 degrees .
when attempting to connect we 'll get the prompt to enter a passkey . afterwards , it thinks for a while and then returns a generic `` windows could n't connect '' message . literally no details attached .
skip it , i ca n't do that .
no , private computer .
i could not find a definition of multipoint , but according to product specs , it says `` multipoint up to two devices '' . however i expect `` multipoint '' to be much more than just two but apparently that 's what it means . also i am hoping to find some kind of mixer/multiplexor portable device that i could use to hook all phones into then redistribute the audio and microphone to the headset , a device that would act as a proxy/bridge/hub/router/concentrator between all phones and the headset . unfortunately i was not able to find such a product on google .
here 's a link to a photo of the bsod since its too big to upload here
chealion , for a number of reasons including : different key mappings , no desire to install all required software off of macports ( e.g . fuse to use sshfs and file : /// based svn , some java libraries with native invocations , etc . ) keeping productivity/development systems separate , etc..
you right , but i 'm just trying to know these things ( like why they happened , how should be fixed and you know , etc . ) smart attribute is a fixed thing ( is n't it ? ) and should be same in all of these valid programs , but why it 's not ? o.o
edit : $ which xscreensaver /usr/bin/xscreensaver
so what i 'm i supposed to check for ? and where ? the wifi adapter ? hmmmm , i did have the dns set to google 8.8.8.8 due to some problems a while back . that could be related . i 've removed that and let it use the default . the dhcp settings on the wifi are defaults . there are no proxy settings present on the internet options tab in ie .
, thanks . i tried it but could not map the network drive on my windows server . error 53 , network path not found .
that is true ( the compiler executable for instance is at `~/build/bin/gcc` ) but , since i do n't have root access on this machine , i use this directory extensively to install software for my user . clearly i should have put the gcc install in its own subdirectory to begin with , but i did not .
apologies , i meant to state that it was available from the wan side .
i dont know how this post is migrated from networkengineering to superuser.because i am new to stackexchange.anyway all i need is an answer.please help me .
i have an orange livebox as router connected to a 6 point ethernet network via a d-link switch . as i said i have 2 tp-link routers as access points plugged into 2 of the network points and 2 wireless devices , an ipod and an imac connected wirelessly . viewing the router @ 192.168.1.1 it showed the network with wired devices and wifi devices . it shows 3 devices as wifi , the 2 actual wifi devices plus one of the wired access points . the other access point shows up as wired , correctly
- 1. i ca n't verify that the firewall is being turned off as the computer restarts right away after the script executes . 2 - i 'm running the batch script with `` run as administrator '' .
it was a problem with the screen driver , its already solved !
the output of `nvidia-smi` : jan @ hadabanana : ~ $ nvidia-smi fri may 25 19:14:53 2012 + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | nvidia-smi 3.295.49 driver version : 295.49 | | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + | nb . name | bus id disp . | volatile ecc sb / db | | fan temp power usage /cap | memory usage | gpu util . compute m. | |===============================+======================+======================| | 0. geforce gtx 560 | 0000:01:00.0 n/a | n/a n/a | | 22 % 42 c n/a n/a / n/a | 27 % 276mb / 1023mb | n/a default | | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | | compute processes : gpu memory | | gpu pid process name usage | |=============================================================================| | 0. not supported | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ jan @ hadabanana : ~ $ [ 1 ] :
yes ! i 'm using quantum with ovs now xd
it is still the question of a method to determine if what i 'm entering into the password textbox is the same as the text i 'm pasting into the textbox , if possible .
, made the question more clear for you .
: that 's fair enough , but the fact is that my parents are pretty old , and have used office 2003 for years . they tried office 2007 , but just could n't get used to the new ways of doing things . so they 'll want to stick with 2003 .
it is router . but afaik it can function as switch too , right ? and it should n't be accessible from outside , yeah .
diagnostics are built-in to bios and run without reporting any errors . as i interrupted the win7 install after 6.5 hours . os copied files to hard drive and without complaining . was still `` extracting '' files when i decided to stop the install .
i do not know the name of the malware . the dll and registry enties i needed to delete seemed to be randomly generated ( i.e . fgtyu.dll in system32 ) .
i am looking for a complete history for all versions of windows . well , at least all the currently supported versions . i figured ms would probably document that somewhere , but i may be hoping for too much .
fw revision : hs02 . it 's parallel ata .
thank you @ michael-sqlbot . your answer has given me some direction to study feasibility . it will help in presenting a picture of cost and time .
yeah , good idea , i 'll test that out when i get back from school today .
# # # edit # # # model is 123-yw-e175-a1 w/ q6700 cpu
using html5 , files bigger than 100mb arrive in part , after all part arrived for single file , it will be merged as the original name using cat command , and then it will the part will be removed . the problem is i 'm not sure when the merging process finish
eta : it 's not a symlink , they 're different binaries . $ ls -lh /bin/vi -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 747k jul 7 2012 /bin/vi $ ls -lh /usr/bin/vim -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 1.9m jul 7 2012 /usr/bin/vim
i 've tried stack overflow they recomended i came here
it just has the two , tried them both . the ports work well enough , it 's just those two devices that have n't worked . it 's not a pressing issue , neither device is crucial and , as mentioned , i can get them going on other machines , it 's just thoroughly mystified me . to add to the confusion , the other machine i 've mentioned is the predecessor to this machine ( that is , the previous model in the same range ) , so it 's not as though the machine should have any fundamental inability to handle the devices ( inasmuch as hardware can be incapable of accepting devices , anyway ) .
, i removed the commentary as you requested . i carefully followed the linked instructions before i upgraded to windows 8.1. i am editing my question to add more detailed information .
it 's been a while , but iirc , i was using dyndns , set-up port-forwarding , thought i had the correct ip address , and still could n't get through . do n't really know what the problem was .
this is a home lan where i control all the activities ( namely - i do bittorrent in a headless way ( with deluge ) and other users ( as well as myself ) browse the web ) . since the adsl connection is poor i need to restrict p2p to have workable web access .
so , are there any other best options to do it ?
i did a reset and a reboot , still nothing ...
i 'm just guessing maybe it will work
forgot to mentioned , before i created the task i had done the follow in the command prompt : powercfg -h off . i turned of hybrid sleep and hybernation . this is the reason i do not see it in the advance power settings . it 's off .
i 'm not asking `` how long is a rope '' - i 'm asking , in a way , `` how to find the given rope 's length '' .
i do n't have the administrative rights . i know they are using `netcut` because i saw them using and i downloaded `netcut` and `netcut defender` it shows how many users are using `netcut` . if somebody using it then there is column in this software called protected by netcut and the value is yes .
aha ! it was offline when i thought i was just invisible : skype shows the same icon for both . thanks so much !
- the original hard drive works in other pcs . - the pc boots with other hard drives acting as the master . - if i boot with no hard drive , i still ca n't get into the bios - these are all ide hard drives - the pc does n't beep , it just boots into a black screen with a cursor blinking in the upper left of the screen
**solutions i have tried : ** i have tried deleting the 'shellicon ' folder in the registry , which was n't even in there . i have looked for mapped network drives lingering around , and i have n't come across any . i have tried rebuilding teh widnows search indexes ... no difference .
does n't help . none of those running , i even killed the parallels background processes ( prl_* ) that are always running even when the app is not .
yes , i 'm getting an ip address , internet works for a while when i reboot . but stops when avg starts .
is it possible to make the dock more translucent ?
: i would like to add a new hdd to my system .
ramhound , `` passwd ''
: yes , that works .
[ this ] ( is basically the same on all of the sites
thanks for your help . i posted the solution if you 're interested in .
yes i am connected to the internet with my home connection . the router ip ( gateway ) is 192.168.1.1
the first ip is 192.168.1.1. when i browse to the second ip , i get the same result as opening my public ip ( the routeros page ) . the third ip is also very similar to my public ip . does this mean my router is in a sub-network controlled by a router at the isp ?
that installation i posted was when i was logged in as root and i have also tried to install it with sudo to the same effect
thanks ! those are useful suggestions , especially for the more experienced users . my problem is almost more of a human problem , in that excel associates itself with .csv files , and people see the icon , and double click ( because that 's how you open things ) , and then usually hit save ( because we 're always telling them to save ! ) , and all is lost . but i will definitely use your methods when possible .
oh sorry i do mean cmd .
windows 7 ultimate .
unfortunately , no . the suggestion from nicholas might work but i 'm pretty sure my server is already sending the correct content type headers for json . the answer from chux might be accurate , but i 'm not convinced yet as the documentation implies otherwise . unfortunately , vagrant 's documentation is pretty terrible all around and does n't give much context between the basic-tutorial and contribute-to-the-project-and-hang-out-on-irc levels ... . at least for me anyway .
i was using the `` arabesque '' screensaver . after i switched to a less flashy screen saver ( switched to `` computer name '' ) and the problem seems to have gone away ! : ) i guess that was it ... if you want to post that as an actual answer i 'll upvote and accept it . thanks for the suggestion !
the trouble is that it is supported ( tiger logic ) and 10 000 doctors at least depend on it . one thing is sure that there is a problem in the windows 8 environment which is going to cause lots of end users problems if they buy 3rd or 4th generation i5 or i7 processeurs when they change from xp
i 've a lot of repos , and having to run custom script for some of them in no way better than having to run second `hg push` : it 's change my workflow and thus will result in errors .
because it just does not work .
in this case we 're using windows 7. sorry for being a little bit loose on the details .
i 'm not sure how they handle it ... this is some of the info they provide `` `on the sitekiosk client machine : the teredo version requires at least udp 3544 ( out ) , which will enable you to connect to clients within the same network , for machines outside the same network all outbound udp traffic must be allowed . the repeater version requires tcp 5500 ( out ) , udp 55901 ( out ) and udp 55900 ( in ) . ` ''
nope : ) , except for the possibility below , which seemed too inconvenient for regular usage ...
imagemagick 's `win : ` ( and `show : ` ) output formats are hard-coded to look for it .
yes , gnome . i 'm using ubuntu 9.10. see the screenshot i added for keyboard settings .
it is win 7 and screen is from total commander ( file manager ) . i wonder that usb stick is in this state , i do nothing for corrupt file system . these chars are not correct names of folders and files , this is tire marks . i think , that file system is corrupt . but how can i backup stick before working with it ?
nope , it 's actually not an april fools day joke . i had got to the point where i was trying anything to get it to boot . i came across the freezel idea somewhere in my searches . let me find a page referencing this .
desktop , usb mic . also using line-in . have tried to disable all those , no change .
yes , i do have usb3 drivers
yes , i can print all other documents
i updated my mainboard to version 0312 and it 's the latest version i could find on their website and yes i am sure i did update it if there were bent pins would n't my pc start at all ?
found the solution , updated mysql and everything works fine .
why would it ? i read that `` all devices on a network will auto-negotiate to a common sped to a void incompatibility bottleneck '' and `` imho unless you ar planning to pjase out all of the 10/100 mgabit nics on you network do n't bother going to gigabit '' also '' . one reader said that merely plugging a nic running at 100 mbps into a gigabit switch was enough to force all gigabit links to 100 mbps speed ''
would an admin please move this to askubuntu ?
it appears to spin just as it should . i have no other computer that i could plug it into in any way other than is described above .
i think that is the reason , you 're correct : ) but there 's no way i 'm renaming thousands of files to remove those zeros . there must be a way ffmpeg can handle this ?
no specific reason . only experimentation and learning .
you were right ... once i figured out how to connect wlan1 to the internet i got the ip addresses i needed ... now all looks as should be !
everything below `` vbox : '' in the question . i can pink the server fine from my host machine and serve websites but no luck with mysql remote connection .
do i have to enable it ? i am accessing the printer directly , by using a tcp/ip port . i have no interest in sharing my connection .
the contact came from my sbc global account ( at & t ; ) imported as a ? vcf file . this took 2.5 hrs in a for pay session with microsoft this am .
it 's unrelated to the package . just happens that a quirk of my system means that for the package to run a command successfully it needs the env to be set .
i 'm using gnu bash on ubuntu : $ sed -- version sed ( gnu sed ) 4.2.2 in 'man sed ' i see `` -r use extended regular expressions '' it also says `` regular expressions posix.2 '' -- is that the flavor ? where would i find that \+ is required for `` one or more '' ?
steven - if someone answers this question with an expect script , would you then have to migrate that answer back to so ?
is my local machine , but yes , i 've closed the session , restarted the machine even ... no luck
i was trying to execute it via wscript in cmd . the script would look like its running but not do anything . no error or status messages . i was able to get something similar working using powershell . thanks guys .
the internet shortcut extension ( `.url` ) is what i want . the drag & drop ; method works , but it would take me a while to do it manually . how can i speed things up ? also , i could n't find out why i ca n't add description to the shortcuts after i 've dropped them in the folder .
i 'm thinking it 's nginx ( as i 'm using wpengine but do n't know for sure .
i 've added the output of ifconfig wlan0 in my question .
there are no external peripherals ( it 's a headless system ) , just a power cable and an ethernet cable connected . windows 8 was cleanly installed on both systems , and the issue has been present from the start .
my main browser is google chrome .
yes . there are 3 partitions : oem -- unallocated -- ( c : ) . unallocated is right beside c :
: probably windows , i 'll have to check ( not at my machine at the moment ) . i 'll try that when i get home .
both programs ia have made and programs in general
honestly , right now i 'm not sure , i 've been at this for 14 hours , it 's the gparted live disc so i assume it comes with it , we copied it with dd in ubuntu earlier but ran into a error with ubuntu and it only copied 2 of the 3 partitions .
i would like to split up the data based off 1 column . that 1 column has about 10 different values . so i wan na put each row with its respected column value into a seperate file . so it should come out to 10 different files .
- i 'm not 100 % sure , everything else seems to be fine/run well
i do n't know what do you mean by `` stayed logged in and then login a second time '' but i did try to use screen -d -r and i still have no permission to read/write .
yes , that 's what i meant . the point is , the / partition is sandwiched , as i see it , in a very bad place .
i am able to use the ip address and port of the vm machines on the local network to connect to them . just connecting outside is now the issue . i have set the ports to be opened on my firewall too
thanks @ meatspace , this would work fine for a few folders but the project i 'm working on has tens of different paths . naming and remembering all of them would not be feasible .
doing tapes for offsite backups means physically moving each backup set to that offsite location .
it does not exist , nor does any previous installation exist . i tried installing as the admin , yet it still generates this error . even if i ignore this error , it will just error out on the next file .
when i go to `control panel\system and security\system\remote settings\remote` i do n't see `remote desktop` control group , only `remote assistance`
i 've listed the reason in my question already .
in its properties window
they do n't seem to be different locales because they are both utf-8 when i open them with sublime text ... are they just too big for `diff` ( or too many differences ) ?
added , see question .
-- - installation goes through without problems . all files are copied . by the time the laptop needs to restart , it goes into a boot loop .
: they 're documents . did n't try to execute them ( but it would have been fruitless , they 're not executables - i do n't know why the x bits were set )
the tv is an lg 47lh40 . the receiver i did not buy , and i 'm not currently at home so i ca n't find the specific model . it 's a philips receiver/dvd combination unit . not sure if this helps .
the card is not encrypted . i can see it in the device manager but can not perform any operations other than assign a different drive letter .
both of them works . the only problem is not simultaneously . i want laptop and other two monitor to be in action at the same time .
i 'm also using the latest dev channel version of chrome .
a 32-bit flash player
yes , cos i could see the monitor was trying to show up but it could n't . usually when one end of the cable is not connected to any video signal , you will get a `` no video signal '' displayed on the screen .
it is a notebook with its usual keyboard . the error usually happens when travelling through text with arrow keys while coding , i do n't know if that changes something ( only if it is some kind of bad contact ... ) . nothing happened while holding shift .
yes , along with `obtain an ip address automatically`
no other monitor available unfortunately @ bongart - if i get desperate i might have to try my tv . yes , same thing if booting with the screen attached . and yes , i thought at the very least attaching both at the same time would let me configure one or the other !
: thank you ! you solved it . i had ' & ' in the password . once i encapsulated it with `` '' - it worked . ( and now everybody knows one char in my pass : )
any other chars with `cmd+shift` work , but `a` . really strange
hi , its for my university assessment , and dumb teachers so i 'd like a single .app for osx teachers and .exe for win32 ( already sorted ) so there are not loads of files floating around as it will be passed around on usb stick so if its a single executable then no lose ends
: edited , i 'm really not good about this .
here is what i did , i clean installed ( full format ) windows 7 then at a later date upgraded to windows 10 .
maybe that will do ? i want it to be very locked-down though - they should only be able to choose a file or cancel . obviously just running mc gives you all sorts of powerful options , far too much for what i want .
`` we found a problem with this formula . try clicking insert function on the formulas tab to fix it , or click help for more info on common formula problems . ''
windows 10 enterprise inside vm and host . you 're right , in a different vm , i do n't see the number .
its in a laptop , i think its soldered on one of the pcbs
what do you mean by unplugging ? the disk is inside the notebook
hi all , and thanks for the help ! i 'm so green , so it 's kind of hard to answer the questions . there was an ethernet cable connection , but the first at & t ; rep said he could connect it wireless so he attached something called a dlink and i 'm able to connect with a laptop , so i bought one , but not on the pc . the connection status on the pc says `` not connected and limited access . '' the problem started immeditiately after the antivirus expired . there is a router there , but the light ethernet does not come on at all . would it be better for me to call geek squad ?
not entirely sure where i 've placed it , but i can dig it up if need be .
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
i created an email through interspire email marketer ( like constant contact ) and this email consists of a few photos , with some data on an upcoming event ( plain text ) some photos of recent activity and captions to go with them ( again just plain text ) . about 4 photos and about 10 or so sentences of text . i then set it up to go out later ( cron ) . it goes out to an email list i have . only a few users had issues with the email - as above - it appears to only be happening when someone views the email in a microsoft product ( mostly on outlook ) . all text in the email is in cyrillic for those users .
it 's a logitech s20 . when i purchased it , i could n't find drivers for it on logitech 's website , so i asked . logitech informed me that is no need to install anything with that particular model .
: well if its signed than any tampering will be rejected . also most ( zip , rar,7z do ) covers corruption with a checksum
to my own pc
it 's pci , the motherboard is nagami-gl8e . i 'm working on finding the video card model
my main intention was to get the videos concatenated . by the time the answers came up , i moved away from ogv and so did n't really care about the question too much . i explicitly mentioned that i did n't want to use oggcat because it was n't working for me when i asked the question .
no error message . i am using and external ntfs hd .
it 's not in the mousepointers list in mouse properties , it looks pretty much a mirror image the `` normal select '' one . i only see it very infrequently , but i 'll see if i can capture it in a screenshot .
no , with startx i have exactly the same symptoms .
update : someone told me that all i had to do was click on the who a time or two , which acts as a sorter . done !
no hardware or bios changes other than a usb device ( hauppauge 955q )
to be more clear , i do n't want just to disable windows defender , i want to uninstall from my system .
yeah , even then it still hangs .
with a microsoft account . i do n't need it , though , so if i somehow can unlink the account from my computer and it solves this problem i can live with that .
i do n't see any error . but after the last umount i can not open a new terminal in my debian machine . i need to reboot , exiting and logging in again it 's not enough .
its 404 not found error
could you clarify what you mean by disk management ? are you referring to the disk management tool available after windows 7 has finished starting and i 'm signed in ?
i removed the url bar , but this a cosmetic change . for example , a page might include a link to a local file .
, i do have gnome keyring , and it still asks for master password .
what should i do ?
i 'd note that pathext is for files with no extension , though this is of a file with a foreign extension . so `pathext=.exe` is not superfluous
yes , i installed python 2.7 with apt-get
done , thanks for the tip
i 'm not too fussed tbh . i just want it to be a blank fat32 or os x extended ( journalled ) .
from my research it looks like i need to do port forwarding/ssh tunneling but they are quite alien concepts to me and i ca n't quite get my head around them . i can ping the server from my local machine also .
no , only speakers .
it 's currenlty not possible in win 10. however this should work :
i 'm not sure what speed means in this case , but my laptop is old so it 's using the 2.4 ghz channel . i have my router set to automatically change channels within this band to avoid interference .
# # # edit - 12/18/2012 : as requested in a comment below , [ here 's a slimmed-down file that demonstrates the problem ] ( ) . printing that should show the gray lines . if you protect it again it 'll print okay , and if you remove all protection and exceptions it 'll print okay .
i believe it only has the 2.4 ghz band , as far as the specs on linksys ' website goes
yes you can , except that the range i need to delete is from 0151 to 0580 for example . and for several prefixes and subfolders . in total in guess i need to delete 100.000+ files .
i built my own pc . my copy of windows is an oem system builder edition . is n't the link that i have provided on step 2 above where i should be getting the newest drivers ?
all windows 7 , all on windows firewall . sorry what do you mean connect via net use/
for my end goal to work i 'll need the adapter to appear as a wireless interface .
-- -- **update , post release of office 2011** does ms outlook 2011 have the ability to manage server-side rules ? -- -- **update , post installation of office 2011** no . outlook 2011 does n't have this ability . *i 've already removed my account from outlook and switched back to apple mail and ical* -- -- **update , now on outlook.com/office365** yes , yes , yes ! outlook 2011 ( version 14.3.5 ) can do this . the web client for office365 is also much better on mac browsers . the short answer to my original question is : get your company to update to office365 !
nope . exactly the same . tried every individual app .
its unix , shell : shell=/bin/ksh yes i want to change occurrence of rd to pt .
: it 's brand new so my files are already backed up on my old computer . thanks for the tip though : ) @ bobby : check the last bullet point of the symptoms list : no errors are logged to dmesg @ mokubai : i have no idea what it is , but i 'll look into doing that . thanks : )
no , just for web application authentication .
i 've not noticed the effect previously with my other computer , but it seems to be more noticeable on the aluminium side panels of my case , rather than when touching the steelwork of the case itself . the computer is n't plugged into the power at all ; the only cable plugged into the computer is the vga cable . the power must be going into the monitor then down the vga cable , even with the monitor in the off state .
yes , i have to admit my question is a duplicate .
yeah , but i am interested in the ports an application is trying to open ( also the onces that are bounced off by some firewall )
no , it 's greyed out where i would select/search for users ...
edit : for i in /home/makgun/desktop/run*/*.mp4 ; do ffmpeg -i $ i -c copy -metadata : s : v:0 rotate=90 $ i % 02d.mp4 ; done i used this command for **/home/makgun/desktop/running\ man/*.mp4** but it doesnt work unless i delete the space charecter from **running man** folder . and also i want to add suffix like ** $ i01 , $ i02 ..** edit 2 : i want to be named all output as `orginalfilename01.mp4 , orginalfilename02.mp4 , etc . ` also if possible to delete file when convention is successfully finished . because it decreases free space ( a huge amount ) on my hdd .
can i tell if i & # 39 ; m in 64-bit mode ? ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texthow
the lapton is an acer
if you think my syntax is wrong , tou clearly do n't understand how the find command works .
after doing `pwd` i realized i was in another user 's home folder . that 's why i could n't access the home folder . but i am the administrator , why ca n't i access the other standard user 's folder , even with `sudo` ? it looks like their public folder is the only one i could access .
yes , i 'm 100 % sure it still exists . none of the details have changed either . but even if it did n't exist , windows should still be showing it to me in the list of available networks as it was added manually , but it is not . it is however telling me that it still exists when i try to re-add it . thanks .
btw , i am she : )
firefox is telling me `` image corrupt or truncated '' ... here is a screen shot . top left is the way it should look , bottom right is the way the netbook is serving the images :
i was hoping it would block all traffic on eth0 for the user debian-transmission . is it expanding beyond that user ?
open a chat or a call or something , then you will be able to reproduce it .
it does not matter , what i 'm trying to do is using just a simple command ( e.g . ssh commands ) , so i use the same syntax over any operating systems .
how can i do that ?
what exactly do i have to look for ? updates are automatically installed . maintenance time is set to 3am
im thinking that if i could do it with some files that open with windows-boot then i could optimize the i/o read time and consequently reduces windows seven boot time on a hdd .
the issue is that i ca n't understand how to find anything on their site ... . the interface is really hard to explore..
thanks . ics - internet connection sharing .
yeah , just tried it . still there .
thanks for the concern and you are dead right , we too are in the uk . there are definitely no issues with legality copying files ( we have checked ) , we just want to avoid stirring up unnecessary trouble , if you see what i mean .
a utility like
http and ssh would be great
no , what i want to do is create a iso containing the bz2 archive unzipped ( i.e . the contents in the iso ) and then mount the iso in a virtual machine
yes i am using a modem-router . i have not tried using ethernet yet but i will see if the problem happens with it .
i installed the intel driver chipset and management engine interface , ill have a go at installing them , i 'm also going to clean out my old drivers too , thanks for the tip , just confusion how dxtory can write to it at about 80mb ? s but i can transfer from hard drive to hard drive
edit : i have sophos av windows 7 firefox 3.5.2
nothing i mean i just wanted to try the os x please any help !
no , in the contacts app itself .
thank you mr.dave for correcting my mistakes and for your replay.i burnt only iso files not data files.and my iso is ok , cause i burnt this iso in my re-writable cd.and is it possible that all 7 cds have bad batch ?
for example if two *different* trashed documents/folders have the same name and i want to figure out which item to restore . or if someone accidentally deletes some settings file , and then some time later i find that unknown item in the trash . ( of course , system files can not be deleted without providing an administrator password . ) or if i just see some strange files which make me very curious of where i got those . ; - )
i am away from my home desktop for few months ... can not touch the desktop until long after . any alternative ?
it happens on all word files .
sorry probably should of mentioned that , i know it can be done by running the installer exes . i was wondering about actually getting the installer from the web and installing it in one go ... ..say in ubuntu , all i need to write is `` sudo apt-get install skype '' , it would then get and install skype for me
since i have a 32-bit win 8 , i toke the 32-bit vista driver from dell . the vista driver is the latest one they offer .
yes no problems
what this does is disabling the center and subwoofer , which is something i do n't want - i want their fill without losing audio ...
unfortunately type of cable is n't specified . it is definitely not 3.0 , i can post pictures of the cable if that would help .
i have formatted it with opensuse 's default options from yast . i 'm very sure it 's enabled .
, because the battery percentage decreases as time passes . as if it is not plugged-in . i think that it is not charging even slightly .
( and it was keep dead until i re-format it with the camcorder )
, in facebook . but i want to know a general solution .
i 've never met a shortcut that was larger than 2kb . 40kb is definitely not a shortcut .
it says ftp on the cable and i can clearly see the foil . btw i am going to replace the rj45 connectors these days . i will update the question with the rj45 setup for cable x since it seems different than what @ davidschwartz linked
update : i found a bent pin on my hard drive . once i fixed that , no more errors . do n't as me why , it just did .
create such server ? i have absolutely no knowledge on
the latest versions claim full support for 8.1 . . . it even uses the new start button already in 8.1 .
both of my machines are macos . my local machine is a macos 10.8 and the server is mavericks server . those commands do not exist on mac , and i do n't know what the equivalent is .
**update : ** i recently replaced my windows xp installation with a windows 7 installation . i could no longer access the system recovery utility from within windows ( since that 's a packard bell-specific application ) , but the recovery partition was intact and i could access it by using gparted to add the `boot` flag to the partition . in other words , i could reset the computer to factory defaults even after replacing windows xp with windows 7 .
security is always on topic . how do i prevent joining a network , or be joined by someone trying to access my sensitive data ? good enough . here is a case in point ... `` fbi surveillance '' - just because it has that name , should i be concerned of a hacker in my neighborhood ?
sure . i do n't have good enough reputation to post images , but i have included a link . the publisher has fixed the pdf , but resolving this generally could be useful ...
that is the problem , i am prompted with the old password but everything i input is wrong . i am pretty sure the password i 'm using is correct since i wrote it down at the time i set it .
i would like each file to be individually compressed into separate files
what logs should i be checking and where are they located ?
i 'm seeing `` \filesystem\srvnet '' in the output from powercfg . can anyone explain what that means ?
nope . even after the change to `` skype for business '' , or whatever microsoft likes to call it , i still have this issue .
it 's a netgear that looks almost exactly like this model :
apolgies , i want this to work with excel 2010 and later.i have been playing around with counting the number of commas in the list and then trying to split this into a number of rows of single numbers etc with no joy yet .
: my goal is to use version control for my windows customizations . i have no idea why my question suggests reverse engineering to you . @ zac : i ca n't be going about this the wrong way , since i have n't made the first step .
where ? systemctl configuration files do n't have a sleep
i posted it on superuser so i do n't know why it would not be on superuser . @ guard - i guess so .
i used bootcamp to partition the drive and then went through the installation process of puting the windows disk in and letting it run its course . how do i get the bootcamp drivers ?
oh i believe you narzard , i just connected to a vpn out of country and it loaded just fine . but i have n't added any ip or geolocation config that 's very weird .
yup its there but it shows the same box as in the op .
yes , it does n't help . something must be wrong as all of those programs are suddenly acting the same way
i strongly prefer sf and have everything that way for a number of reasons , some of them being : it 's way faster ; it does not need network . see [ this post ] (
i am not using a software . i just want to visualize it . what 's the mechanism behind it and so on . the concept itself is a bit obfuscated for me . what creates the public key in my machine ? how does it get retrieved when someone wants to encrypt something and send it to me ( and i will then decrypt it with my private key ) ?
that 's what i thought ... .anyway the local cable company finally pulled through with cable internet service . its 2011 and my family finally gets cable internet . : \
no , there 's not . sorry , i should have specified , i looked for `gls` .
r is a programming language which has a repl . so if i run r.exe in the console . then go to some other application ( like chrome ) and then click back in the console . the console starts beeping infinitely . now i know that the `` console '' is not at fault as r may be making the noise ... but i need to switch the noise off .
i can only use a read_file function to do this so a command would n't work .
yes , i do have a meter , but the charging circuit needs to be repaired , i need a quick temporary fix till then .
i do n't know what that is , so it ca n't be something i did knowingly . but i have no screensaver , after 10 minutes the screen is darkened ( not sleep mode though )
yes it does occur when nothing is connected .
nope .
when a camera is plugged into usb port for example . it initiates the device stage feature (
this is for give name of my file/folder , and one challenging task for me .
sorry for my slow response , i am juggling a few different tasks . to answer some of your questions : the installpath.ini file is consumed by the .exe ( created by wise install 9 ) at install time . we do have uac turned off . i will explore changing the registry on the fly during isntallation , but would still to like to find a less intrusive solution if possible . thanks !
it 's a local logical partition which is formatted as ntfs . there are currently no folders on there , the thing i tried was creating a `` profiles '' folder there and re-setting the location to that folder . btw , the machine is 64bit .
i wo n't include the screenshot because i do not want to share my browser tabs out of privacy concern , but i 've just taken a look at the task manager and of all the tabs the ram usage for chrome is 450mb and cpu ranges from 30-1 .
grub2 with debian gnu/linux 4.3.3
what do you mean under another session ? this is n't a ts , just a standard workstation .
well other user said even if you do torrrnt to te max , it will last up to 20 years so by that time , other components might have daile already like mobo , cpu . so its still ok. whats ur take on it ? ? mr haydn
using vista x64 business edition . i know it 's odd - i even tried remapping it to start calc.exe manually , but it just does the same thing : |
, i meant last n ( 100 , for example ) , when the files are sorted by name .
t - i have . both native as admin and with runas . @ troggy - vista ultimate sp2 .
it 's from an asus a8jm . i do n't really know anything about the display .
*update : i tried hiren 's tools but they did not work . *
adsl ( ~ 8000 kbit/s down ) . there is a nice feature in adobe 's flash player . if you develop an pre-loader with as you can easy test it in flash player with different speed ( kind of dual-up , isbn and dsl 1000 simulation )
sorry , but i do n't understand why it does n't make sense ? ? ?
do you mean delete ?
toronto transit commission .
sorry about that ! ubuntu ( 64-bit ) ; also edited this in original post
chromium , but the same thing happens when i change my default browser to firefox in the preferred applications .
neither . it 's gnu screen
i downloaded wd 's disk utility and it reports no issues for s.m.a.r.t . i also ran a quick scan with it and it found nothing wrong .
safari and chrome
it 's a work pc , but not connected to a domain .
**edit**i 've checked to see the folder permissions on the folder , and here they are : drwxr-xr-x 2 apache root 4096 nov 20 15:32 project1 apache is still giving the same errors .
edit : i am using windows xp .
it is a bare metal ( real hardware ) server running centos 6.7 at remote data center
unfortunately i have a basic router that does not log access attempts , i will try to get a more robust router with dd-wrt or tomato and try this .
it works on my friends computer . yes . tried restarting but nothing changes .
yes , that 's the case . accessing google+ and google groups is also a problem . funny enough , however , i can access them using an anonymity website . at first i was thinking that access to the website has been blocked by the isp but i asked some other people who use the isp and they said the sites are working for them . just for you to know , i 've cleared my user data on both computers , even re-installed chrome on my ubuntu machine but nothing helps .
i didnt test this .
iptables v1.4.21
thanks for the quick reply paul . i dont have not much knowledge on this stuff . i ran a route -n command and got this op kernel ip routing table destination gateway genmask flags metric ref use iface 0.0.0.0 192.168.1.100 0.0.0.0 ug 0 0 0 eth1 169.254.0.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.0.0 u 1000 0 0 eth0 192.168.1.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 u 1 0 0 eth1 192.168.3.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 u 1 0 0 eth0
sorry , this is on pc . i will clarify in my post .
there are no hidden characters in the area ...
ok i 'm answering to everyone : @ user377178 **no** , i do it only when i completely shutdown my computer , because in that case the noise is tronger . cmorse : yes sorry , i meant exactly the pagefile . feroc : i 'll try it tomorrow and tell you results , thanks for suggestion .
: no it does n't . notepad++ window is n't present in the taskbar , only in the task manager . i 'm using a double screen
i can mount it on my windows 7 machine without any problems .
now the bios has even stopped from booting . before there used to be an intel screen which gave options to boot from another drive , etc . now it 's showing the words 'eb ' . my motherboard is intel dh61ww .
yes wireless mouse and keyboard , and other usb devices are working on my pc . they require less power than usb hdd .
when i go to the cmd option and mount it , how do i get out of it to go back to the options
control panel - system , i see windows edition as 8.1. i click on `` get more features with a new edition of windows '' link , on the popup `` add features to windows 8.1 '' i select on `` i already have a product key ''
i do n't know.. it 's a asus x77j serie and i do n't know the exact model.. the asus website has no sata drivers for this serie .
**edit : ** my primary laptop is windows , but i believe i 've seen the same behavior for these sites on my macbook as well . also , these sites are not in my *exceptions* list .
oh yes . there is a new security forum on stackexchange network .
thanks for mentioning `` type '' . i have added the information to the question .
os - windows 2003 server ; virtualization tool - vmware
i do . i have a little linux media center sitting next to me i can ssh into if i need to
you are right . thank you ! : ) drive e : seems designed for the azure backend and there 's no way to mount something else there . changing the drive letters would most likely mess up the system , as the install source files wo n't be available anymore , in case i need to install extra features . will just change all my scripts to use the next available letter .
- it 's been running for over a week , and has progressed no further than ~70 %
give me link for filezilla please , for installation without the bloatware that comes with it from the official site
is the meaning of
ownership is not an issue , the issue is that users can access them on their own workstations but when rdp 'd into a server they ca n't access them anymore .
yes , sp3 is installed on my pc
i was just changing that - you read my post too quickly : )
processes ordered by handles : ! [ memory usage sawtooth pattern ] ( ) processes ordered by memory : ! [ memory usage sawtooth pattern ] ( ) i guess i thought that this ( sawtooth pattern ) might just indicate that there is a lot of garbage collection in the ram going on ( maybe like a jvm ) because the computer was experiencing limited resources . and i was hoping someone could explain than in general terms . ( i did n't mean for the question to come across so broad that it could n't be answered adequately . )
1 ) rstudio - is it really matter ? i was referring to the delete action itself . 2 ) a deleted file can be recovered if its occupied space was n't taken by some other file .
yes .
, i did n't know i could press esc . but still , is there any other option to do that automatically ?
question is why is connection-specifix dns suffix set though dhcp server did not providing it .
**update** subnet are the same . windows firewall is disabled .
edit : oh , sorry i did n't specify ! my computer is an [ asus u46e-bal7 ] ( ) . as it happens , the problem somehow went away in the twelve-plus hours i 've been away from the machine . i 'm guessing ultrasawblade 's guess was basically right ; some detritus underneath the key could have been partly blocking the fan , causing the fan noise 's pitch to change when the key was pressed . it 's hard to imagine what else it was unless the cd/dvd drive was invovled .
-- - **edit 1 - more info** device manager view of the sound , video , game controllers : imgur.com/pvgsq6c right click on `` via high definition audio '' properties , details , hardware ids : hdaudio\func_01 & ven ; _1106 & dev ; _4397 & subsys ; _18490397 & rev ; _1000 hdaudio\func_01 & ven ; _1106 & dev ; _4397 & subsys ; _18490397 for the high definition audio device ( i have 4 of these and the hardware ids are all the same ) , right click properties , details , hardware ids : hdaudio\func_01 & ven ; _10de & dev ; _0015 & subsys ; _10de0101 & rev ; _1001 hdaudio\func_01 & ven ; _10de & dev ; _0015 & subsys ; _10de0101
hi , i will be adding linux to the laptop but i 've read that this particular model has a lot of issues with the trackpad and linux . it has something to do with the kernal not having the driver for this trackpad built in . i also need to get a larger ssd to replace the 128gb drive in there currently , not enough space . i would like to get this to work with windows though for the time being .
it has a subprocess zsh .
i ca n't access the googlecode repository directly because the firewall blocks the traffic ( solution for this is b , which i do n't want to maintain ) . git is out of the question because labview-coders can not use it ( to my knowledge lvmerge and lvdiff are meant to work only with svn , right ? )
i am attempting to install it by selecting the iso from inside boxes and clicking `` create . ''
oh , it is on the `` report '' folder thing . please create a answer with it so i can accept it : ) i am sure more people have the same question ( i found this question on lots and lots of sites , but always with the `` log '' folder answer ... leading to wild goose chase of reading 20 log files to figure what one was correct , and not being any of them )
yes , 192.168.1.1 is set as default gateway . the problem is also that i ca n't ping gateway of eth0.100 from eth0.100 . i do n't know why ...
my laptop is on the same domain as my servers . i am not worried about tablets at the moment just need to access it from my client computer and i dont wan na use a network cable or internet .
i do n't understand what you 're refering to . by std console , do you mean csrss ? where is that attach thing ?
i actually do n't know . i bought it from someone who installed linux on it and formatted the disc , and then i used the included recovery discs to install windows xp on it . then , i upgraded it to windows 7 professional 32-bit using someone else 's install disc and the product key on the bottom of the machine .
expected result in the example is 15 hours 31 mins ( do n't worry about the seconds ) . if you can get close it would be great !
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
just the ones clicked on from within ie . i do n't really want this behavior , i 'm just trying to view [ this newspaper sample ] ( ( click on the red button ) , but for some reason they require it opens in ie . if not i get some kind of dynamic error content within the pdf .
no no , random is good . unfortunately no skype though .
it 's a server board ( dual hexacore xeons ) used as a workstation with windows 7 x64 ) .
i have n't decided on an env yet . i guess i 'll use powershell and its `invoke-command -asjob` async capabilities . i hoped robocopy/whatever could save me that .
jia3ep : to play games on ? often our teacher organizes mini lan 'parties ' with sucky mac games .
i tested it and it works beautifully . if xavierjazz list it as an answer , i will accept it .
permisions are : system - read & write , everyone - no access .
: i am not interested in the good/bad status . more important for me are the tendencies of some values and the absolute tbw value .
for example , to multiboxing facebook game , i have to login multiple accounts . with ie/ff/gc , i can login 3 accounts at the same time . my question is -- is there any easy way to do this with just one browser ? running gc with different profile sounds like it . is there a plugin or easy way to open gc in a different profile ?
meta + p is for print on mac .
i wanted to install ibm java for my testing purposes . i am on linux . anyway i could install ibm java with different installer . i will update my question . thanks
. i do not have the old drive available to me anymore , only the new drive is connected
i want to display the same icon in the app as a separate image , but with a larger size . i ca n't simply show the image because the image needs to have the four corners shaped .
windows 10 ... ..
seems to have updated normally as it went back to the default configuration . the screen is just fine when i start windows in default mode . i do n't think is the screen because of the memtest failure . my hypotesis are bad ram or motherboard problem , but i do n't want to expend money on ram unless i 'm more sure that can be the actual problem . the memtest failure suggest a memory problem , or maybe a problem in memory controller of the motherboard problem . the fact that the same error appear even using one of the dimms maybe think it
yes , was i supposed to ask this in serverfault.com ?
certainly . as you can see , it appears much the same but with everything rotated .
i 'm not switching to two cpus yet . i found out that i need one of those voltage regulation gizmos for the extra cpu , in addition to an extra shroud and an extra fan .
oh yes , i should have said . 2x r9 289x
same version number as yours , happening on ubuntu ... ... .
i am not sure . someone else made the backups . also , i think it was a vista , not 7 .
its happening for all applications and documents also adhering to the steps provided by moab have n't given any positive results .
: the most recent update in view updatehistory is 2 months old , while the most recent one mentioned under installed updates is 3 weeks old
i mean somehow use the gigantic amount of memory in disc 1 to increase the amount of memory in local disc c ( disc 0 ) . if that is impossible , ca n't i just operate out of disc 1 because it has more total memory ?
when starting windows normally , i get a bsod for a split second , then get prompted to go to the system recovery options to fix the problem . however , system recovery options itself is not working . basically , in the link that i included , i get stuck between step 2a and step 3. the problem is that windows 7 does n't start up . i want to get windows 7 to start up , but every solution that i 've seen involves running system recovery , which itself is not working . just wondering if i just have an expensive doorstop now .
. **edit : ** a solution for me , but not really an answer to the question , so i 'll just edit my post.. my new keyboard has small feet that fits exactly between the number and fx row . the pressure added is not enough to push any of the buttons - problem `` solved '' : ) thanks a lot to @ bblake and @ shinrai for info on the perils of unplugging the keyboard
all such systems cost money , unfortunately ... for my business i use google appengine for hosting which does n't provide me with any virtual machines either , unless i pay extra for computeengine access ...
yeah , those parameters no longer exist in the windows 8 registry
i think so . in combination with dns64 it 's completely out of my awareness .
edit : this is about windows 7 ( x64 )
formulas , i know the answer in vba , but i need avoid it
this is my downloaded link . and then select the 64-bit operating system .
i do n't know what 's going on so i 'm describing the situation . i know reading is hard and all . = )
yes , @ c007
how do you find whether 'the computer restarts after 5 or 10 seconds of bsod ' or not ? because bsod appears as soon as the dos screen-from where you get into safe mode . if you mean whether the dos screen appears again after bsod , its not .
last line of last block shows dropping frames
5 , maybe 6 hundred
no . i actually used easeus todo backup free , not partition master .
this is not caused by windows updates . i 'm not sure what application is causing my pc to restart - it could be the anti-virus . i was hoping there was something that could just block windows from restarting . i believe that fixing the `` root cause '' is out of my hands .
the macmini and raspberrypi is wired to my broadband modem ( which is also a wifi router ) . the compacmini is connected wirelessly to the same modem/router .
my sister-in-law has about 9gb of music on the family computer and she continually screws up the machine . i then have to come over , transfer the music to a laptop , and then transfer it back after a reformat . she wo n't notice the difference in quality between 256 kbps and 128 kbps and the transfer time for her music collection will be almost cut in half .
i executed fsck / from the console that appears when clicking `` m '' after `` the disk drive for /tmp is not ready yet . s to skip mount or m for manual recovery '' appears ( as i said , this was the original problem ) . not from a console inside an ubuntu session . that worked . ubuntu tells you that might cause damage but just asks for confirmation and i said `` yes '' , then fsck output a lot of errors ( inodes pointing to the wrong sectors or something like that ) . then after boot , got grub rescue > .
no , i only used the same installation disk on my home computers . bought a laptop with win7 and office 2007 installed , same problem
it 's my favorite drunk pastime
thanks @ charlierb i 'll investigate that .
i am jason , and thanks for the suggestion , but it does not solve my problem . if you feel otherwise , i would appreciate your solution in the shape of an answer . in its absolute form , b1 would contain '=rc2+1 ' , and when copied to d1 , it presents the same issue . although not explicitly written so , the a1 notation is implicitly also a relative notation , and as such an interchangeable alternative notation , rather than something that has specific abilities , and it sadly does not address my issue .
plain text file would be fine ( in utf 8 ) . basically i 'd like to cut the file down in size so it is more manageable because i am using it for a content analysis with yoshikoder software . the issue is though i ca n't do that because i ca n't read the file yet
assume the directory structure is exactly the same on both computers .
when apple suffered their data breach in 2012 , they forced me to change a password . my second mac book ( downlevel , for testing ) was using the old password . so my account is locked out . apple wo n't let me unlock the account with the new password . i went to the apple store with a picture id and bill with my address ( which has not changed in 5 years ) , but i could not unlock the account . i ditched the account because it was not worth the aggravation of trying to unlock . all i want to do is update the existing ( broken/defective/insecure ) products they sold me .
: service udev status [ ok ] udevd is running
> > > new information i had some time yesterday to experiment . i connected the same interface with a few sata hdds ( 2.5 , 3.5 ) and i noticed that with some disks it works with others not , differently on different computers . so down at the disk level looking for differences , i checked the needed millivolts on the disks , and voila ! ( i think ) it is a matter of power . it depends on the current given by the usbs . strangely though , winxp thinks a driver is missing . : - )
edit : to be more precise , 1,5 lines means like the margin between paragraphs . but neither thunderbird , writer , nor other applications should make paragraphs on enter , at least i 'm not used to that they do..
right . i saw `` has attachment '' . in fact , i want to filter out all mails that do not have a pdf attachment ; those are the ones that need attention .
why not ? it 's good to constantly get fresh air .
nope , not at the same time . but as long as i can , say , remove all of them at any point , without depending on one being `` main '' .
note that i 'm not using outlook as an email client , so i 'm specifically looking for a server-side rule .
i do n't remember , because i have 2 desktop pc and one notebook and i download the program in different moments for each one . only on my pc at work is marked as trojan : win32/varpes.m ! cl anyway ; i do not remember downloading the program from the osdn site .
edit since no one seems to understand -- i have **no** software for this hard drive . i am running linux so it 's pretty much out of the question anyways .
actually it 's the latest version . and this problem was also present in the trial versions too . i think this is just a setting of new word . sometimes microsoft provide unusual settings which are of no use . by the way , have u understood my problem actually ?
some of the sites are like www.google.com , howtogeek.com , safebrowsing-cache.google.com etc. , i just got these fresh from wireshark output .
yes . i never use sametime standalone . have always been using integrated st .
there are two different situations where this occurs . one is when i open a program i downloaded from the internet . this is solved by opening up a prom [ t first ( although it is a pain to have to open a prompt and type in the address of the application . the other case is when i am using an ide . i use a variety ( eclipse , netbeans , visual studio , ect ) . perhaps i should ask this part of the question on stack overflow ?
we do have a washing machine . and because of the location we have it on the same power line and not on a seperate circuit like it 's intended . could that be it ? i would have never thought of that . what exactly is so special about the washing machine ?
apologies for not listing detailed system specifications before . i 've updated my question with the information . no special drivers or software .
first i installed the ie 7 and then i go for ie 8 and unchecked the install updates then the setup complete . but before installing ie 7 i did the same but it does n't install and say for check updates . thanks for your help . i did n't face this problem before .
the standard way i assume . just ctrl + shift + s and saving as a png
is it necessary to upgrade my full centos ? or just use new kernel and update iptables with new rpm ?
wbeard52 i am using powerpoint 2011 for mac
yes the ping is timing out .
i do n't shut down , i just leave the office with the computer running . i 've never experienced this with my old xp build or the last win 7 laptop i had . i would often be `` offline '' but i was never pestered with the `` you are in offline mode want to try connecting ? '' dialog 's and i never had to `` switch '' myself back to `` online '' mode when i connected to a network .
, it was enabled . however , disabling it has not affected the behavior i 'm describing .
yes i had . but i found the real issue now - see the answer .
as long as i have the appropriate filesystem drivers , like ntfs-3g on my mac , it can ready pretty much anything on an ntfs drive except shortcuts . a folder , for instance is accessible via the ntfs drivers , as is a text file . why not a shortcut ?
modified , accessed and created .
as i said - i was experimenting with hiberfil.sys ( wanted to move this file to another drive , but as turned out , it 's probably impossible ) .
it 's installing in c : \program files\netbeans\ i 've had indeed installed netbeans 7.2 as an administrator . i even tried logging in as administrator and trying to start netbeans . i 've also tried to install it on another hdd ( h : \ ) which i also have full control over .
why would i want file sharing on ? how would that help ( especially with loading web sites ) ?
have an application that pops up a ton of processes in task manager ( chrome ) and i want to
, no . i 'm just using a regular internet connection through wi-fi .
i use two other browsers , firefox and internet explore . firefox is for regular browsing where i need to save data and passwords . and opera is for testing web design . so i 'm looking for another for this task . i do n't like safari .
no , i want the ability to run putty off my flash drive and execute a single command so i do n't have to install an x server on a windows machine .
thanks kevin & barry . the format is as i say in the text `` heading '' , formatted as mm : ss.0 . i 've tried several approaches in the formula , from `` =averagea ( f3 , f4 , f5 , f6 , f7 ) '' to sumproduct with a divide by n to many others . the end result is always `` 00:00.0 '' as shown above . i 'm really at my wits end .
i have set static ip addresses on two diffetent machines and it works . also without imputing dns addresses web browsing did n't work . now i would still like to share the connection from my pc via wireless and have done so with remote router program but the speeds are really low and it disconnects my main pc when the connected device starts using the connection .
edit : external hard drive does n't work on my pc running windows 8.1 either , but is still seen by linux . files still display differently , though .
to remove individual stale devices from the user accounts . we have users who have had multiple devices and all still show in the activesync folders . the issue we run across is that after x amount of devices are in , we need to hunt down and delete a correct one to make room for the new . the wizard is useless for this .
it has a slanted edge at one side
`update-alternatives -- display mailx mailx - auto modus lenke peker for yeblikket til /usr/bin/bsd-mailx /usr/bin/bsd-mailx - prioritet 50 slave mail : /usr/bin/bsd-mailx slave mail.1.gz : /usr/share/man/man1/bsd-mailx.1.gz slave mail : /usr/bin/bsd-mailx slave mail.1.gz : /usr/share/man/man1/bsd-mailx.1.gz slave mailx.1.gz : /usr/share/man/man1/bsd-mailx.1.gz nvrende beste versjon er /usr/bin/bsd-mailx`
direct connection .
yes . i also tried management console , but i guess it 's the same .
do you mean that i can have a computer network with hundreds of computers and none of them has ( needs ) an ip ?
update : i repaired .net using the msi repair and it still exhibited the same behaviour . downloaded paint.net to make sure it was n't just my software and the same thing happened . the machine was a 4 month old dell laptop so i asked our customer to try dell support . they did n't seem to care that it would n't run a .net app ( wtf ? ! ? ! ) and system rollbacks did nothing . the person had to run the dell restore disk to solve the problem in the end !
i 'd like to be able to add entries to the boot list and , nope , windows boot manager is literally in the list where i boot from cd , usb , etc .
system properties : bios file : what about bios update ?
: i should clarify . it echos old im , not voice conversations
bittorrnet 7-2 ... ... ... ... ... .
yes . they 'll probably both be on a lot of the time .
yes , i opened all 4 ports ( checked many times ) - no , i do n't use domain nor active directories
i am trying this , and it still takes a long time to log in . and after a couple times logging in and out , it still freezes . is there some way to check whether it used the controlmaster ?
- did n't even know the firewall could do that.. @ quack - cheap belkin ... can look it up later , atm vuze is working at full health for some reason , though the nat/firewall test is saying the same thing ... will have to look into it later
update : there 's no error , it just stuck in the shutdown screen , the cpu was still working , but there was no disk io at all .
note : my account does n't have administrator rights .
just one open ... i tried opening another and playing around with tabs , and while it has the same problem , they stay separate the way i would expect .
i 've added the information about what i 've tried . also , i need to do this process for purposes of making a greenscreen video program ( i.e.- replacing a green background in a video with a certain image ) . thank you so much for your help .
windows 10 ... ..
that looks like the right tool , thank you ! .. now i just need figure out how to get it working on windows . dexter brings up some good memories , yes : d
**note** : i 'm using notepad++ , but i 'd gladly use any other text editor that has this kind of functionality .
it 's 600+mb and glogg does n't want to read it .
no , system idle is the highest . if i look at resource monitor , nothing there either . the only weird thing is a somewhat high number of interrupts ( ~14 avg ) .
i am using it at work connected to exchange . would that affect emails that has been copied from the server to a pst file stored on my hard drive ? also , how do i find out what retention policies exist on the server ?
the main problem with moving the repos out of the home directory is that it messes up existing ssh checkouts that i have .
i 've tried that , but for some reason the process does n't start properly no matter how i build the script run by crond ( or by starting `touchegg` directly by cron ) .
- nothing , really ; i just go with `inkscape` or `firefox` as i need to ; i hoped otherwise i would get an alternative here , but nothing has come up yet ... cheers !
windows 7 x86
model a1220 ? q=fujitsu+a1220 & rt ; =sp & modelid ; =23577149
my configuration : - motherboard : gigabyte ga-g41mt-s2p - cpu : intel core 2 duo 2.93ghz ( e7500 ) - ram : 2 x 2gb 1333 - psu : corsair cx500
good comment . i am using a microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 , and i have used a logitec oem keyboard with the same problems .
hmm i see , and how can i do that ? is it simple to explain or does someone have a guide or something ?
the original directory is c : \users\odellt1\appdata\roaming\apple computer\mobilesync\backup
vazquez-abrams : no , that 's not sad . i 'm glad you can recognize it : )
well there are plenty of supported protocolls . and i do n't know about all of them . also , i do n't know about all pidgin plugins . i can tell you that : if there is something for linux , then it 's likely to get smth for windows . maybe someone knows something , that i did n't think of ; )
as per my question , it just goes to the lock screen .
printer = epson artisan 835
yep , in ubuntu it 's default behavior - that 's why i 'm sure about the existence of solution . i 'm currently using arch linux .
ca n't find serial numbers in the bios -- the codes i listed correspond to 3 pairs of ( m ) aster and ( s ) lave , under ( p ) rimary , 3 , and 4 ( controllers ? ) . googling suggests these are names for sata ports 1-6 , but does n't indicate some standard mapping . when choosing a boot device in the bios , it seems to be indicating one of these ports , not the drive that happens to be connected . i think maybe if there were only one hdd , the bios might find it even if it switched ports , but that is n't happening in this case .
it is vim 7.3. do you think i should put everything from vim72 folder to vim73 ?
yes , version 9 .
nope : ( requires install ... thanks though
i 've restarted the whole machine a bunch of times , incl . after adding exceptions
my understanding in the past has been that mistakes made during the flashing process could result in `` bricking '' the device .
default level is high and is set by default by the company policy so users can not change it .
i really do n't know . they randomly appear on top of different windows .
, hey it 's me , php page for every record guy . so i tested it in another computer and it ran fine . why is this happening ?
not at all , it seemed pointless to click something that did pretty much the opposite of what i was looking to do .
does n't say anything about that , just that the 3d-glasses is working on 2,4 ghz .
yes , it works with another computer and it used to work with this computer . there was some update or something that broke this one and i ca n't figure out what it is . i think i did an adobe update and accidentally installed mcaffee . i uninstalled it but maybe it left something that is causing the problem . i do n't know . i really do n't want to do a format/reload .
yes ! i changed the title .
yes , testing/debugging . actually `tc qdisc add dev eth1 root netem delay 250ms` helped .
two interfaces - one wired , one wireless . the internal network ( 10.x.x.x ) is huge and geographically distributed ( not just a lan ) .
it is not booting , now i am using my old ram
laptop is an acer aspire 8920g and battery is 8-cell li-ion , 14.8v/5200mah .
yes , i 'm asking about ubuntu . if i log in as root in recorvery mode , it return me 0 in home . /home i have on other partition but in fstab everything is good ( i think ) . and my /home is n't empty ( i check from live usb ) .
it shows it in blue . it reads stystem memory channel mode single .
-- i was merely mentioning how i invoked vncserver .
sort of . the resize controls ( including change origin , rotate etc . ) appear on the selected layer and when you click on a control free transform is activated .
updated with links to good files .
i am using ubuntu.. the server is on linux ? no idea what the os has to do with it
yes - 10k rpm . i do n't believe there has ever been a hdd with that slow a rotation .
viewsonic vnb120
yes , nuance makes it .
hmm ... i just checked on their website , and it looks like there are drivers available for each os except windows 10. that could be the problem .
very near ... because the two usb ports that i used is one beside another @ batchyx
it 's not apache , or any other publicly available web server , it 's private code that provides web services . however , i did n't write it , so i do n't particularly want to dive in and change how files are written . again , i more or less solved my particular problem , but want to know if there 's an easy way to run commands as root but create files as someone else .
- i just tried your suggestion and unfortunately no luck . i completely disabled uac , restarted , and attempted installation and the behavior is exactly the same .
nope , it 's not = ( . also it happens in 2 different machines
bootloader ? cant understand that word .
edit 2 : this was migrated off stackexchange i guess because it is n't really programing-related or whatnot , even though it is for a programming project . i have found a suitable answer to this . by stylizing each html object in the source , word will then apply styles if you `` paste '' with the option `` keep source formatting '' . works for me !
nope , but i found that the problem is related to the latest version of cisco anyconnect only , which can not be avoided due to automatic updating ... my `` solution '' was to switch to ordinary cisco vpn client ( fortunately i still had the required certificate ) . the antivirus software was not the issue in the end , since the vpn did still not work even after uninstalling avira ...
edit : after checking dependencies , i realized i could uninstall `libboost1.48-dev` and use `libboost1.46-dev` instead . i accepted terdon 's answer because i think it is still useful information .
/quote pass uname : passwd and a whois
no i do n't . how can i do that ?
that is the info i 'm looking for do you have pick or a web site that i can look at and identify the stuff that i have ? i can us all the help i can get . tanks drew
i only have one but i did create another to test it and yeah it does n't change a thing , oh and im using win 7
i have updated the question with the screen shot
could you explain on that ? is n't a2dp a protocol ? is n't a software update enough to use another protocol ?
so would it be better for me to plug one device with the dvi and the other the hdmi ( both on my video card )
: thx 4 the comment , i mean `` open a new tab '' .
i did reaply fresh thermal paste . cleaned the old stuff off first with isopropyl alchohol .
+ werner henze : it seems that card reader does n't read sdhc cards at all . thanks for your suggestions .
sure but i think there 's a new version already : (
- i retraced my steps . it was chrome not edge . same story from you though ? and i successfully tried saving data via adobe reader . there is still a great mystery as to why chrome would allow me to fill in a form and give no warning that it can not be saved . it may be obvious to a web technologist , but not to a casual user .
as a program
correct . 64 bit version for windows . i ca n't believe i am the only one that noticed this . anyway , the solution was simple .
exchange-side personal archive mailboxes : this is why i have set up . sorry , im kinda new to exchange . this is a big new world to me !
there are three of these plugs on my psu . one is a massive long strip . thats in . i have two that have 4 pins/sockets , one is labelled as p1 this is inserted .
simple : i do n't use more than the amount of physical ram . windows refuses to unload things when i close them . i do not want a pagefile and i do not want ram to hold things i close forcing me to buy memory when my drives are fast enough to load things . if i run out of memory i prefer things to crash and tell me i 'm out of memory , then i can either buy more or figure out why windows is n't unloading things that it should ! since i 've clarified that there are things in memory that should not the relevant answer has nothing to do with pagefiles but unloading closed files/programs **only** .
conversely , can anyone explain why windows keeps creating new , temporary accounts for elevating instead of using the existing admin account even though it is specifically be used ?
definitely not a wallpaper issue - it 's that the samsung monitor display is blurry . the wallpaper was an example that the only monitor display qualities that seem to be able to be altered are the background and size of objects . nothing is changing the blurriness . i 'll post screenshots .
the hdd ( ssd actually ) is brand new - my windows install is only about a month old . i ran chkdsk and it reports no issues .
i need direct access to the card in the vm , like i said in my last line . i can bridge the connection no problem at all .
yes , i understand do calls it the super key , regardless of it 's name it has a windows logo emblazoned across it . how is my description offensive ? referring to ff 's horrible linux performance ? that 's not offensive , it 's fact ...
software raid using windows `` mirror '' option . my mb does n't support hardware raid .
first , thank you for your replies : ) . then i was focusing in result instead of powers . i think that i understand : for powers of 2 i need a higher exponent to represent 1gb ( 30 in this case , so i need : 2x2x2x2 ... to 30 times ) . for powers of 10 i need a lower exponent : only 10^9 , so if i represent power of 2 with same exponent : 2^9 i would have less quantity than power of 10. then that is the reason that the document says : 1gb in power of 2 shows less storage capacity .
no , its not as simple as that . syskey is still being used in the current windows os 's ?
it does n't pick it up .
update -- -- -- i have two general ideas for options that may need to be changed , but do n't know what option of which screen will help me . here 's one possibility : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ..and here 's another : ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] ... but i do n't know which option needs to change , and to what value . [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
i reinstalled the bdrom driver ( although it did n't help and i still can not burn anything )
unfortunately , i 'm not sure . i 'm only on cpanel of shared hosting , so i probably do n't have true root access .
when i resume the session , i see that i got back to bash , not matlab . moreover , bash does not show my input anymore , just like when i am typing password while logging in . but i can still execute command around .
update : building a string of command and then running : execute on it is not a solution , its a hack . and it breaks with any non-trivial variable values .
its plain x. it used to work in the past . dunno if gvim or the window manager is the one that does this .
yes , i do . i 've only used it for setting up a custom name for a usbpendrive though . would it be usable for setting the ip also ?
ideally the system would work on either windows or mac . but if there 's something great that 's only available on one , we could deal with that .
edit : sorry , forgot to say which folder it was . it is a folder in program files , where i save my php files for local testing . sorry if im a bit daft with all this , but i 've upgraded straight from xp to 7 , and having never used vista , i 'm used to being allowed to have full control .
- question updated to account for several standard shells . ; - )
i have added the mother board information
hi.. no the data was captured on wired network
, from what i know of the computer overheats it will restart . but my machine is n't restarting in this case .
i did this using windows mobility center .
**edit : ** network connection is gigabit . server specs are more than adequate to handle file sharing . dual core something or rather , 4gigs of ram , and runs debian ( lenny ) . i do n't think the problem is with the file server since it makes _my_ computer studder .
i do n't know , i guess the old ones , how can i check that ?
`` the microsoft keyboard and mouse application will suddenly start '' - huge ass dialog without a frame that just pops up over whatever i 'm doing at the moment .
! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
yeah , i need the syntax highlight . and i would not bother to manually set syntax when i open a file . i am just seeking a general way to handle this problem .
im pretty sure im running the lastest version from asus
edit : so that everyone can satisfy their curiousity - i am trying to boot from a floppy . my own bootstrap and image .
keltari no i am not mistake . it is an actually 635 gb . it is a raster i use for my work . what do you mean cross post ?
that 's correct ... i do n't want to have to go into each application and manually make the changes ... plus some ( cough cough skype ) do n't even obey my command to not run at startup .
hi , thanks for your help on this . no , it does n't have to be on the same cell . in fact you would be best to have it separate/
will do . edited .
it wont take more the 2/3 of the screen
it 's all express ( with \sqlexpress ) . the server instance is not local , but the ssms instance is .
yes . file /opt/google/chrome/chrome /opt/google/chrome/chrome : elf 64-bit lsb executable , x86-64 , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , for gnu/linux 2.6.8 , stripped
yes we found it , it was gootkit an old plesk security hole . ( it 's a friend server , and he is updating the server now . )
and what happens if the os is corrupt ?
actually , usually i do n't see what kind of paste i make , i work a lot with excel , so sometimes the easiest thing to do is just copy a lot of cells with conditional formatting , what do you mean by extra step ?
this is what i get i get when i use this command : enp0s25 : flags=4163mtu 1500 inet 192.168.0.107 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.0.255 lo : flags=73mtu 65536 inet 127.0.0.1 netmask 255.0.0.0
i said that because of base 2 arithmetic : 2^8 = 256 , 2^9 = 512 , so on and so forth
i 'm attempting to reinstall vmware , after it installs i 'll add the information
yes , i looked at permission . `\users` is on the folder ( and there are no unknown sids ) .
**update** exec ( 'whoami ' ) returning `` tama-pc\\tama '' and get_current_user ( ) returning `` tama '' . so , based on the data aboved i followed by create a new user with **full permission** : `` tama-pc/tama '' . then , i changed the xampp owner and the httpd owner to `` tama-pc/tama '' . i also change the `user` and `group` on the httpd config file to : user tama group tama-pc the default for both of them is `daemon` . unfortunately , none of them work .
nothing is listening on these ports for the moment . i can able to telnet locally with just host ip address but not with port 50000. these ports are reserved for db2 . summer : ~ # netstat -tapn | grep :50000 summer : ~ # netstat -tapn | grep :60000 db2inst1 @ summer : ~ > telnet 192.168.209.135 trying 192.168.209.135 ... connected to 192.168.209.135. escape character is '^ ] ' . summer ( linux release 3.0.76-0.11-default # 1 smp fri jun 14 08:21:43 utc 2013 ( ccab990 ) ) ( 2 ) login : firewall is disabled completely as rcsusefirewall2 status unused . given port range in yast , firewall , allowservices .
i 've updated my main question with the answer
i did n't see any such properties window when i right click on it , or anywhere in the ribbon bar .
all of the other servers i owned were also previously owned ( from a data center ) . they came with the os in them so purchasing it was n't necessary .
default option and a small drive , this is irrelevant to the problem imo .
( acer p225hq , supporting a resolution of 1920 x 1080 )
hi paul , the provider said vps is to be managed totally by me . they ca n't do anything about it .
: please read the clarification # 2 in the question .
it 's hard for me to say , now . i remember bringing up language & regional settings , finding the tab that had stuff about non-unicode programs -- there was a list of languages for which support had been installed , and it had english as the default , but it also showed that japanese had been installed . i selected it and confirmed that i 'd like to make that the language for non-unicode programs , which prompted a restart ; after everything closed and windows started shutting down , a screen came up that was copying files ( counting up from 1 to 89 of 89 files to copy ) . it has n't stopped rebooting since .
time machine and file vault are good questions . at this point , i 'm not planning to use either -- the server has raid disks . ( yes , i know that 's not the same as backups . )
henderson - i have just read the super user question that you linked - several contradictory answers - broken registry hacks and similar . i was hoping to get a response from someone who knew how to do this properly ...
[ 1 ] : ? id=0fw3dmnhl1ec & pg ; =pa89 & lpg ; =pa89 & dq ; = % 22passwd % 20file % 20contains % 20account % 20information % 20for % 20every % 20user % 20on % 20the % 20system , % 22 & source ; =bl & ots ; =tu0zjxduss & sig ; =46amdnxfscpv6tf83mnyx0gpb1k & hl ; =en & sa ; =x & ei ; =9k8bvbtta5ddsasx2ididq & ved ; =0ccsq6aewag # v=onepage & q ; = % 22passwd % 20file % 20contains % 20account % 20information % 20for % 20every % 20user % 20on % 20the % 20system % 2c % 22 & f ; =false
no , it does n't .
thats all i wanted to know , thanks
yep . the keyboard never leaves the hub , and the hub always lands in the same usb port on the macbook .
the os is windows 7 pro . i have indeed tried ccleaner but there are many programs in the start-up list and none of them is obvious to be the the one i am looking for .
i ca n't . there is n't an option ( that i saw ) to assign `` do nothing '' . there was just `` unassign '' but then the computer gets no input at all from that button
ah , backspace it is .
should the value be a hexadecimal or decimal ?
the ethernet card was working good on windows . i checked with two pcs with same configuration and the same problem occurs . now i removed ubuntu from one system and installed win xp and the ethernetcard is working good .
i tried boot0cfg , but in pain . then i tried to install grub2 from fedora but it can not read bsd disk .
i do n't do cpu intensive tasks when this happens . for example this happens when i am surfing the net or watching a movie , ...
with 30+ years of unix system admin , system programming and application programming under my belt , i know what i need to work professionally in a unix ( -like ) os . being able to write scripts and applications is best done in a terminal window , logged in as root .
k9 and opendns both work great otherwise , but a vpn can be used to get around them .
- 1st link - thats pretty much it . i cant bring up any ui except the one visible on it . -
**edit : ** the problem is with the entire workbook . i 'm not able to paste the image as it needs min of 10 reputation .
yeah , that could work too , though it 's more unwieldy i think compared to usb cable .
that software does n't understand network drives or thing starting with e.g \\admin , i 'm looking for a way to map a folder in my computer to that e.g \\admin so would be able to use that software .
is there any chance that the issue i am seeing is a problem with my pc itself rather than the wireless adapter or my network ? by this i mean to ask are there any processes that would be using up all my pc 's available bandwidth without actually using my wifi ? how can i troubleshoot this ?
i have added the relevant result to the question . i verified the prior pid was correct by opening task manager , going to services , enabling the pid column , and cross checking the pid with the result .
only once managed to get far enough to view event logs but i did n't notice anything , could windows tell the bios to boot after x time ?
thanks , forgot to look there . see above for more info .
i use dragon naturallyspeaking professional 12.5 english + french . surprisingly everything was fine on my previous os with dragon naturallyspeaking professional *11.5* english + french .
no.. well i do n't know.. its something unknown..
tink : the command to change the hostname is `` hostname xxxx '' as described here : i 'm pretty much figuring this out as i go , and sendmail is what 's running on the server .
the latest one .
( or when there is ac power )
its a small company , no it dept .
no , vmware fusion is the osx version of wmware workstation . it is not a server product .
behind a router
no it happens across all users
i 've installed firefox 40.0.3 without addons . just standard plugins like adobe acrobat or flash or google update but i did not changed anything . the outlook.com has stopped working without understandable reasons for me on this week .
i just want to block all applcations and allow pre installed windows application and digitally signed by `` venkat '' . the rule which i have posted almost works . but the signed application has to access certain regitry entries which is not happening .
. educate yourtself about creative commons , albums on myspace , home made albums , independent artists.. etc .
yes , psu only ( without connections to the computer ) still draws 13 when turned off .
updated the question with the output . ah ! there it is `cursor-theme 'adwaita'` and `gtk-theme 'adwaita'` . so it must be overriding the current selection . how to update it ?
actually that does sound like next best thing
i have already rtied unconnecting and reconnecting the shares . no change .
i just removed the 2 screws in front of the device and the 2 screws behind the device . should i remove the top layer before removing the main cover ? : ' (
both 10.10.1.100 pc and 169.254.1.0 computers are connected to the same switch , if that was question . 169.254.1.0 has gw 169.254.1.1 as gw . i ca n't change anything on 169 computers , but can add routing on 10.. computer .
the icons of extensions right next to the wrench icon .
i 'm saving the machine state as well . please read update to the question .
i 'm using 4.8.4
windows 7 -- x64
hi , here are the command used : on linux openssl rand -base64 30 > my.key chmod 700 my.key openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -in myfile.zip -out myfile.bin -kfile my.key openssl rsautl -encrypt -pubin -inkey supplier_key.pem -in my.key -out encrypted.key on windows openssl\bin\openssl.exe rand -base64 30 > my.key openssl\bin\openssl.exe enc -aes-256-cbc -in myfile.zip -out myfile.bin -kfile my.key openssl\bin\openssl.exe rsautl -encrypt -pubin -inkey supplier_key.pem -in my.key -out encrypted.key openssl versions differs slighlty but , as they can decrypt the key , i assume it is not an issue . thx .
i agree , the new title is concise . thanks .
i 've added that quack
same issue with photoshop also
i will update the question with a list of the extensions . the chrome task manager does n't show any task out of the ordinary . i 've got my tabs , extensions , the main `browser` process and a `gpu process` . though i 'm not sure why do tabs ' memory usage is so high ! the superuser.com tab uses more than 60mb of memory , gmail 164mb at the moment !
i do n't believe so . which files would those be ?
yes the one in my laptop but could add an external one
update : currently i have my .url files placed into a directory called c : \utility\shortcuts , which i have manually added to my % path % ( via the normal means , in system properties ) . i could locate them elsewhere if it would make a difference , though .
i am on linux , but i might share files with other people ( windows 7 , mac os x ) .
yes exactly ... .
: i feel that spanning long lines through multipe lines is a little bit messy . when using less if change does not show up in first 80 columns i can always temporarily expand my term window . : )
the installer is around 1 mb but it will download hundreds of mbs during install . is there a way to get all the files bfore starting the install
it 's my personal machine , funnily enough , my work machine is the same os , and part of a domain with group policies , but it never happens on there .
the filesystem on the usb is fat32 .
the screen blacks out and i suspect it shuts down instantly , however i 'm not sure if there 's something running at a lower level .
it start loading files if i select other options like start window with safe mode..i left it for more that 3hr and i find thelast file to be loaded is window system32 drivers classpnp.sys.no any changes to that point.bt if i select start window normally it seems like it also failed to start window since it write start window but nothing new
*updated the screen shot to show process explorer while the problem is occurring . does that help ? **and this pic is the same thing while the system is fine ... notice the deferred procedure call*
i do n't think so , no . can you be more specific ?
, i already said that is no good .
, for reasons intrinsic to my particular setup , one of my machines does not connect immediately upon boot . it would be nice , however , for its clock to be synchronized before it logs in . as my phone is the device most likely to be on at any one time , it would make for the best source for synchronization .
noscript and adblock plus were not functioning , kyle . the page was visited with a browser built into steam 's in-game gui . i do not back up my system .
a lot of people on the 7200-rpm drive 's amazon reviews commented on [ how fast it is ] ( but i have found it to be slower than my other drives , so i 'm wondering if the drive i got has a defect .
i ca n't tell ... device manager says it 's up-to-date but samsung 's software update thingy says it 's not . and when i try to update it , nothing really happens . the installation progress bar does n't even move
**update** well , i managed to get nokogiri installed . unfortunately , i 'm not exactly sure what fixed it b/c i 've tried so many things . but i think it had to deal w/ reinstalling ruby . however , i 'm still getting the same issue w/ my db complaining about *too many files open* when i use any sort of database that is not trivially small .
no . the dns is godaddy
hab deinen namen nicht gelesen , sorry ; - ) . no , i cant access the share shown in the finder , but this is the same on the other mac where the backup works perfectly .
yes that is true with `` internal network '' but i was not trying to go around that . just to forward the traffic in a controlled way to the bridge interface . i found what the reason was after some deep digging and using wireshark to monitor the devices . the bridge was working fine but the host was not forwarding the ip packets . so ping would never work between clients on different hosts . the solution was to enable ip forwarding on the host ( windows 7 ) . you have to change the registry to enabled that . now it works . : - )
21.3.1. it 's kind of old , but it 's the one that came with all the lispy stuff the tutorial said would come in handy . until i get more comfortable with lisp , i 'll keep using what the tutorial maker used .
i intend to do a clean install , and yes , i do have the product key .
i do n't know if it was 7 or vista when it was introduced , but the oldest versions i wish for this to work on are xp/server2003
: most likely no .
it might be a case of just do it . see what happens . and yes , her over-zealous cleaning drives me nuts and costs me money . cleanliness is next to godliness is her mantra .
i think if the message , not encrypted there is a way to decrypt a pc
it does spin up . i can consider connecting it to the sata port but i would prefer not too . is there a way to diagnose and fix what is going on with the usb to sata cord ?
oh , i feel rather stupid now ! this was indeed the issue . sometimes you just stare at a single line and do n't see these differences anymore . thanks for being my ... .eh ... rubber duck .
sorry , in german we have passwort ; )
man i tried ff , ie and chrome ... @ xantec : so far those are the sites . most of the others work fine .
they are _very_ old . 2006 .
the thing is . when i make the text larger , there is software that does n't run because of that and things get out of the screen .
by factory reset i was referring to returning word to its `` just installed '' state . do you know of a way to do this all at once without having to uninstall and reinstall the entire app ?
edit : windows , firefox 3.0.14. not malware , i think i accidentally installed it with realplayer or something .
techpowerup gpu-z and evga precision . both indicate the same heat . gpu clock went from 520 to 730mhz and memory stayed in 600mhz . does that mean i can keep overclocking the card ? i also played half an hour of a 3d game went to 49 celsius top .
it 's about 5 years old . sapphire 690v chipset pe-am2rs690v2 . ca n't remember the video card off hand . i 'm sure it 's an ati radeon hd of some description
updated question . the dongle is n't listed under that .
yes . i want to keep the data .
is that possible to do using only a router ( and how ? ) or do i need something more ?
why did someone down voted without saying why ? please explain .
: it shows up as `` unknown usb device ( device descriptor request failed ) '' , even after i uninstall it and plug it back in . i 've also tried 'forcing ' it to be a serial device by trying to specify a device ( update driver > browse for driver > select device from list ) but it 's hellbent on showing generic-y usb drivers ( e.g . usb hub , composite usb devices etc . )
: although i did n't explicitly check for swap usage , i gave the vm 1.6mb of ram and did n't do more than one thing at a time . currently it 's got 992mb of standby memory while sitting idle ( as seen in windows resource manager ) .
yep . many times
as a user .
edit : i checked that i can play *.ogg files in other xine based players , e.g . gxine .
no it does n't . it only lets you choose an auto-partition option , `` use free space '' or `` use whole disk '' . you ca n't open a partitioner , or choose to install to a raid or to a logical volume , or even how big the partitions are .
yes , as soon as i noticed the problem i downloaded it and reinstalled . this did not fix it .
no `/etc/krb5.keytab` , but it does have `/etc/krb5/krb5.keytab` . i do n't have access to the contents . the server name is `sftp.pass.psu.edu` ( i do n't think there 's any harm in giving that name out ) if it helps you explain the procedure .
**note 1 may 5 2011** : another information into the puzzle . wireshark log at sender site show that receiver tcp window size is quite frequently falling below the packet size ( which is in my case 1460 bytes ) . unfortunately cant insert screenshot because of low reputation . receiver computer has windows 7 professional 64 bit installed . sender station is using windows 7 professional 32bit . after connection establishment tcp window scale option is negotiated ( in most cases ) with a value of 256 .
: i 'm going to try and set up a server room . it 'll be cooler and dust free , greatly increasing the life of my computers . i was thinking about putting my desktops as well as my servers down there and so was wondering how hard it would be . it might just end up being for my servers .
, i was directed by mysql workbench to do this ; 5.5 will be fine , thank you .
yes , the computer freezes completely and i have to manually reboot . sometimes , after i click on the link to start the installation , right after it changes the window size ( first time it 's a 16:9 size and then changes it to something like 4:3 i guess ) , the computer restarts itself : |
when it uses 100 % cpu , it is stuck . but since the application stays in the system tray , i usually will not notice it until i try to watch a movie and use my remote controller - the controller will do nothing . the other way that i notice it is when i shut down the computer - windows will report that the program is unresponsive and asks to kill it . since i have a quad core processor , it does not slow down the computer at all , because the other 3 cpu cores are unaffected , so it will go unnoticed for a long time .
is this possible ? if you answer with a howto for that i would accept .
did i mention in the title that i 'm looking for a solution without xcode .
james : i want to shrink the partition size in order to be able to format as fat16 ( fat32 ) . this is to do some testing on an embedded device that currently has reliability problems writing to an sdhc card . it may even turn out to be a work-around for the current problem .
yeah , no answer . i have not figured it out myself . but our edi beta test are in progress and i will have to work it out in near future for the production version .
well i did to be honest hence the question of completing it at a `current user` level .
`` google chrome is up to date ( 17.0.963.46 ) ''
: good point , i changed the title . but i think that there must be other solution for this problem , i did n't have time to try flashing dd-wrt initial with tftp yet , but there 's a chance it will work .
no it is not working : ( , do i have to access the router by typing 192.168.1.1 in a browser ?
ah my friend ... you see , i can not use sudo since i am not in the sudoers list ! i can not even edit sudoers list because of this issue . even root is not recognized as root ... in case of files they say `` read only '' and incase of folders they say `` no such directory '' ..
thank you , i tried it , no help ( (
which definitions of `` computer program '' did you have in mind ?
i noticed that as well , the numbers seemed a bit off . not being particularly successful in locating the .conf file , since the host is a windows machine . will poke back once i find it !
home directories , /etc and mysql databases at the minimum . i would rather a way to backup the whole os as it only takes up just over 1gb .
i want to say 1520 but i 'll need to check when i get home .
. the project is the a dual display for the monitor . they displays the same content
because ( i ) it is not my question , i just copied it across from another site , and ( ii ) there are an awful lot of ways to solve this problem , because there are an awful lot of tex and latex build tools . i 'm not going choose a right answer , except in the unlikely case that someone posts a good survey of all the tools .
i mean , when i try to install their driver or the tool that figures out what driver you need it says that i ca n't install the driver from their site and instead i should check with the computer manufacturer .
it is a powered hub , and when it happens i do turn off drives . but the usb ports never 'come on ' again until i reboot . that is my main problem .
simply pressing the power button would normally shut the computer down from the bios menu screen . to be more specific it was the screen to choose the startup drive . maybe thats not bios ?
tried with both dns client started and stopped , same issue . the description says dns client is just a cache , so it should n't matter even if it 's not running . yes , i am using dhcp config , ipv4 is set to get ips automatically from router , i 've just modified the dns to open dns ips
the router is technicolor tc7200 .
i do n't know about fitt , but the menu bar would be a permanent part of the screen , like the manufacturer 's label on the monitor . in ui anything is possible . what would you like the menubar to do in this case ?
i do not , though i am somewhat familiar with it . if you were interested in giving me a quick rundown of the steps required i 'd be happy to try it .
in fact i found and bought a pentium dual core e5200 ( wolfdale core 2 duo with 1 mb of l2 cache disabled ) with nforce 630i mainboard . sandy bridge would require new platform - ram , optical drives ( yes , i still use ide ) , cooler . it 's not a long term investment , so i will stick to the previous era rig i guess .
- i changed the rule file and now it is working .
when i connect monitors like above i have desktop visible on laptop monitor and on dsub monitor . i can'h change it to show on both external monitors . when i enter into `` screen redolutions '' window i ca n't detect there the monitor connected through dp- > dvi adapter . adapter itself is running well as i tried to connect it to another laptop with different graphics card the monitor showed at once after connecting .
( i 'm the op ) i 've actually come to agree with the close decision . the reason i did this in the first place was because the windows help for notepad++ is deficient . but i forgot what i think should be the _real_ test - the google test . and a search for `` notepad++ regex '' or `` notepad++ regular expression '' is lucky - first pick is accurate documentation . so there 's no point in replicating it . sorry to waste your time ! ! !
can anyone help me disable this default so that files open in the correct program ?
yes , ingame the cities are rendered in their actual size , relatively speaking . by the way it 's not my game , i 'm just using it , it 's called cities skylines . i do n't think google would mind a simple user like me using their maps for hobby purposes !
yeah i installed windows 10 64bit driver for dell touchpad .
, thank you for your advise . the guests will not harm the computer i guess .
: yes , that 's what i mean .
memory usage rarely goes over 30 % . the hdd is close to it 's capacity . defragmenter says that the c drive is 6 % fragmented . i will free some space , run the defragment , set a fixed swap size , and report after .
, yes but that still does not explain why the concept ca n't work ; we can run almost any modern pc using a flashdrive with an os in it , why do computer makers -have- to place their os 's in hd 's and not in a place of it 's own , not mixed up with the rest of stuff we do ? idk why everyone is so against this idea , i 'd think it be common sense to find a way to keep things separate and not so vulnerable like they are on hd 's .
shared hosting , centos 6 - 64bit .
**edit : ** my computer becomes completely unresponsive when this problem happens . i need to restart pc then . it happens with all devices like my mouse , keyboard , mobile phone or headset . it happens with all usb ports . i tried with 2-3 different ports . strange sound comes from pc not audio .
resharper , that 's it .
re-encoding may not cause a problem assuming i can maintain frame rate and do n't loose significant audio/video quality . will re-encoding allow me to avoid the audio/video sync issue which is causing me issue ?
i am running a legit version of windows 7 64-bit professional downloaded through my university 's dreamspark . i have had it since october 2013 with no issues . i am trying to use linux on my virtualbox , but i ca n't start the machine . both virtualbox and windows 7 are being affected by this crypt32.dll file .
i 'm willing to settle to any reasonable price . the background noise of all kinds at work is driving me nuts .
to mimic this site logo : )
it happens both on normal hard disks and network shares , though it freezes more often on network shares .
edit : i am not running any armor or selinux kind of application .
i hope to buy an ipad this week . i 'm considering my options here .
yes i have them visible . i clicked on c : \ and then marked all content of the c : \ folder and clicked properties ( as i 'm logged in as admin on that machine the win explorer should have listed all used up space thus there ) . does n't windirstat do the same in essence as the windows explorer ? ( at least from what i read up )
git-bash.exe is the terminal emulator ( based on mintty ) which has collection of standard commands like `ls` or `git` ( based on msys ) . i know how to get the options for those commands , i 'm looking for the options for the terminal emulator . i have also tried `git-bash.exe -- help` and `git-bash.exe / ? ` , both do n't show anything .
ran [ malwarebytes anti-malware for mac ] ( but it came up empty .
: /usr/lib/qt-3.3/bin : /usr/kerberos/sbin : /usr/kerberos/bin : /usr/local/bin : /usr/bin : /bin : /usr/games : /usr/x11r6/bin
: i posted the access and error log up in the question . is there another one ?
i 'm having this problem on windows ; i am **not** having the same problem on ubuntu running version 30.0.1599.66 beta .
i am trying to get the computer to boot up . if this is not possible then i tend to agree , data recovery and re-install the os . the disk is a built in ssd , so i 'm not sure how to recover the files .
-- - ] ` : received : from [ 192.168.0.4 ] ( isp 's url [ -- -. -- -. -- . -- - ] ) by mx.google.com with esmtpsa id -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -.0.2015.03.29. -- . -- . -- formy smtp server settings on the thunderbird are : port : 465 ( probably i use smtps . ) and connection security : ssl/tls
3.5.9 ... but ca n't 3.5.9 upgrade to 3.6.6 directly ? or , if 3.6.6 is out already , why is the upgrade to 3.5.10 happening now , not weeks earlier ?
what do you mean by `` it sounds like you have n't forwarded the port '' ? ? i do n't have any expertise in this field . can you explaine more detailes ? ? ?
regularly ( especially at work ) . i 've got used to grasp keys ( or other metallic thing ) and touch it some grounded thing before touching doorhandles , windowhandles or computer .
i know how to ping something , but i ca n't anything which tells me what the guest ip address might be ? as windows 8 configured the xp device , and as it previously worked fine , i can assume rdp is enabled and there 's no firewall issues there .
: audio files . example :
yes it is ... ...
**edit** : i ruled out gremlins , because it had happened before midnight & & after 9pm **edit2** : i ran 2 registry cleaners just 3 days ago ( reg-mechanic and regseeker ) . the first took tons of time to run . it 's not magic fairies but it 's pretty close ; ) **edit3** - i did not touch or change my env variables lately , so it was n't `` by accident '' . besides , it happened twice already .
it was a torrented copy and i did it so it would fit on a single layer dvd . i did n't want to pay again after losing my legit copy of it
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ apache w/out internet connection ] ( ) end of automatically inserted texthi ,
a winzip file
i never it said it was the wrong thing . i know what i am doing around computers , and i feel like it disrupts my flow more than it protects me .
it does have a listen address configuration in each connector definition . i 've tried setting it to : :1 , or creating two connector with addresses 0.0.0.0 and : :1 ( even in format 00:00 : ... :00 ) , neither did work .
how cani copy
ths ! you are right . i use the wrong directive . i shoud use fastcgi_hide_header instead : )
there 's no option of the sort , which is the first thing looked for . the confusing thing is that i 'm currently using socket # 2 but socket # 2 *is n't supposed to work* without there being a cpu in socket # 1 .
it show charging but when i disconnect it after 2-3 hours it alert no battery and when i connect it to pc itunes does n't come up .
elf 32-bit lsb.. !
did n't help . this is common settings , which i always do , and , for example , with clearos 5.2 server it works . but , as far as i can figure it out , problem in accessing server at all . none of it 's services i can access through lan , although all services are up and hosts can ping each other .
thank you for pointing that out ... but i would prefer an answer to my question ... ( i.e . word related ) , and by the way ... i wrote that document i need to make it as much presentable as possible ...
i am not aware of autoprotect can you please explain a bit . @ gianttree
- you are exactly correct . i have n't got the ram yet .
by executing `./capture -f -c 100 -o > output.raw` . capture.c downloaded from :
no longer the accepted answer , though . thank you for drawing my attention back to this .
speed is based on xp sp3 downloading .net framework 3.5 offline installer from ms. thanks for your answer .
edit : using windows 7
i 'm not sure , do you mean tweaking bios ? maybe i need to link to some file which windows uses to boot , do n't know
- us english , and yes , it also slightly lags when selecting a row of icons , although it is more noticeable with text .
yup it shutdown , rebooted on its own but as if windows had not shut properly
edited title . hopefully header will be more meaningful .
windows xp pro is the environment . dos is not necessary if there is a windows tool that can do the same task . also , would this be a better question for serverfault ?
the smart results are included in that link as well now .
i tried removing the media , i even tried by pressing the `` off '' button and restarting manually . it does n't work . after the boot up a set of commands comes up and stucks at the end . i even tried entering some commands but all in vain . my laptop model is lenovo ideapad s110 .
acer aspire 2920
if you mean the one called `dns client` in `services.msc` , then yes it 's running .
all of them . never had this problem with adobe reader
i am using centos 6.5
because the titles are just as useless , as they display the filepath ( which is way too long ) of whatever you 're editing , and of course change whenever you change files .
: that question has answers for linux . @ dennis : normal usage - web browsing , email , im , music , video , office etc
, my current isp is centurylink . 3mbs over dsl . they do not have a cap on my service , nor do they have a plan that does have a cap , i think . i 'm considering another isp that has an offer for 10mbs down/3mbs up with a 12gb monthly limit , but it is considerably cheaper than what i 'd pay for 10mbs at centurylink . and i did check the centurylink site for any usage tools - nothing .
it is shared using the share workbook option under the review tab . if we use excel to open the file in share point it locks the file to one user we are not able to use this feature due to that .
well , than how do i extend it then ? how do i create some free space it can use to extend itself ?
yes , my primary machine is a retina macbook pro 2015 , and that 's the only one i 'm concerned about , although i 've tried connecting to a windows pc as well , and the result still is n't as impressive as i expect it would have been if connected to an apple display , which is practically the same as the imac .
: that 's not an available option on the symbol in the addressbar .
from the work network , i am able to connect to a 3rd computer ( on a separate network ) through rdp , so the work network will at least allow some outgoing rdp connections .
that was what i was told to do . : ) i 've done that , it brings the stop error up , but i 'm sure that i previously had the function delete the space ? this does n't seem to do that ?
when i plug my laptop into the switch , and disable to wireless connection , i can not access the internet . in other words , there 's something going wrong between the switch and the wireless internet router it seems .
network emulator for windows toolkit .
in linqpad ... new directoryinfo ( @ '' c : \programdata\microsoft\windows\start menu '' ) .getfiles ( `` \*.\* '' , searchoption.alldirectories ) .count ( ) .dump ( ) ; = 232. is that the folder you were referring to ?
edit : the volumes that show up in 'spatial finder mode ' are formatted in fat-32 - i 'm looking for a solution that works with this formatting scheme .
i want to acess my dropbox remotely . so i want to know is there a way to have commandline access to dropbox
when i ask it to preseve the environment , it does n't . it wipes out the functions which are part of the environment . it does n't follow it 's config file . because of that , when the prompt is printed , it goes off and looks for files to run as soon as you sudo to root -- - because the environment-functions are all deleted .
it looks like something lower than the 1600x900 . the image is not sharp . is it possible to make it sharper ( with something else than the windows settings panel ) ?
win + p was the answer ! it works . thank you .
mezhaka , i guess the answer of joey below sums up pretty all options that you have . i did not yet vote up his answer because i did not find the time to test all his options . from reading alone it looks like autohotkey would allow to create shortcuts as you know them from mac os .
edit : a basic use case would be right click on an executable , and be able to kill all the processes with a similar name , then register it as a service , with a one-liner . there is an easy way to solve this problem with a script but i am wondering if it is possible with a 100 % registry only solution .
microsoft windows home edition version 1.5 ( build 2600.xpsp_sp3_gdr.120504-1619 : service pack 3 )
i mean they werent terrible ... around 20 mbps . the 2.4ghz band on the new adapter has actually been performing really well though , so i have more or less given up on the other band
fine . similarly , if i navigate to the sharepoint site in windows explorer , i can open , edit and save
real raid device does all its math in hardware , and raid arrays are presented to the os as one disk . it handles synching , spares , etc . totally transparently to the os , the card often has huge battery-backed cache , etc . real raid card is something like this : windows with its toy immature implementation does n't come anywhere close to a real hardware raid . but real raid is expensive , and windows fake-raid is built-in .
wired . my router is openbsd and modem is bridged to the router , so i can inspect everything on my end
: installing a program would leave an unnecessary footprint on the system . i 've tried to achieve the solution using the batch script i posted . it , of course , requires admin privileges though . kindly go through the script , if you please . any pointer to enhance the code would be appreciated .
exactly . i can receive but can not send .
install shield 2013 @ ramhound
thanks for the help
should not be a problem according to the windows help pages ...
thanks for the answers . so i 've pulled a few pen drives out of my windows 7 machines in the past without unmounting from them when windows does n't release it even when i shut everything down , and no damage was done to the drives . i hope the sd card is the same way . thank you all for clearing up the question i had about from which end unmounting referred to ( the windows side ) .
yes , ive tried it on a homegroup , and off as well -- i 've put it back to having a homegroup setup -- i 've been dealing with windows networks for 15 years as i said -- and there 's nothing special about this install of windows 7 pro 64bit . it just refuses to leave the advanced setting `` share files and printers '' on after applying it . there 's no domain on this network -- this is an internal home wired network , and since the option to share any folder under the properties list is grayed out , my windows xp machine also can not see it ( it can access other windows 7 machines ' shared folders .
keeping the settings and installed software where they were
have n't tried that @ pun . what does it do ?
i 'm not sure what you mean by computer manufacturer , since my computer was build , but i did not build it myself .
yes they are all the same /24 on all machines . arch-abit i am using one bridged intergace only on the pfsense machine for the internet connection . i need to create another network , a virtual one , for some experiments . the network will have a windows server and a few windows clients , with a gateway that is the pfsense machine . sorry for not clarifying earlier .
root : x:0:0 : root : /root : /bin/bash
- i 've used `dd if=/dev/sdb of=/dev/sdc` , which is a linux command that does sector by sector copying of an entire device ( not just a partition ) , but the partition on the second device comes out at ~300gb despite being a perfect copy . `dd` is one of clonezilla 's 'last ditch ' options when it ca n't do anything more intelligent .
yeah , windows 7
**update** : i did a safeboot via msconfig - hibernate worked as charm . however when i switch to normal boot - hibernate still does not work
windows 8 , sorry !
$ new_domain_name is supposed to be mydomain.com and the char2= $ { domainname:1:1 } should get me the 2nd character , so in this case , should hold the character 'y ' from 'mydomain.com ' and char4 should hold 'o '
thank you , david and paul , the connection is direct and not use proxy or not set auto detect proxy . the problem was not only firefox but also ssh and ping etc . therefore the reason is more general of dns query . currently , i can not check details of the packet because i left from the hotel : ) does someone have similar experience ?
i am having the vpn server in my lab . and one of the client is located in us . he is using cisco vpn client to connect to the server . now , i want to define the time period to him to access the server.so , that after some time he is automatically disconnected from the server and couldnot access the vpn server .
# # # background reading * p. srisuresh , b. ford , and d. kegel ( march 2008 ) . [ `` techniques used by p2p applications to traverse nats '' ] ( # section-3 ) . _state of peer-to-peer ( p2p ) communication across network address translators ( nats ) _. rfc 5128. ietf . * [ _hole punching_ ] ( ) . wikipedia .
one step closer ! disabling the network adapter caused it to install without issue as well . i 'm looking through the wireshark log to see if i can find anything noticeable .
i did not install jayatana . it got installed along with android studio by ubuntu make . i did not purge it while removal , but the package did uninstall successfully . i just needed to log out and back in for the unset command to show permanent change , as i discovered later .
dick smith ge6823
research shows other different topics and nothing about my question .
beck - first time when i installed firefox , it was not blocked .
, i just checked disk management , all of them are marked as primary partition except the ntfs one . is that the key to it being given a drive letter ?
as you can see , its all idle yet the average is 7.00
easus ca n't delete it because delete menu was disable . it 's status is system , any idea ?
i mean , the command window still opens in c : \windows\system32
the built-in app is called `` photos '' and after updating windows it still does not work .
, i 'll write up a more detailed summary of what i did tonight .
i want to disable internet connection permanantly
i did not do anything special . my tables now are not linked to each other . i need to link them . how i can do that ?
) edit : lets say computer 1 and computer 2 can access a certain shared folder on computer 3 by typing 192.168.0.103\sharedfoldername . also they can see each other in network places in windows . my question is , how can i configure my wifi router d and laptop d1 and laptop d2 so that they can access that shared folder by typing the same address i.e 192.168.0.103\sharedfoldername . on network places in laptop d1 only laptop d2 and router are visible . i would like to see other computers too .
yes , that 's right . the user with limited permissions should not be able to directly access the files , except they should be able to access the files only through this specific application .
no they physically log on . they come to the room and enter their logins and passwords .
: i 'm using `` document imaging '' from office 2003. i infer that it looks for text up to a certain size ( in mm not pixels ) and if it 's too big misses it . a random image file is assumed to be 96 dpi and mine was originally scanned at maybe 300 dpi so the text looked huge to the program . i used paint.net to set the tiff dpi to 300 ( otherwise did n't change the image ) and presto the ocr suddenly worked .
i was primarily looking for a general listing , but finding the apps on my machine would be useful as well .
added hardware , thanks . and yes , the internet does work , but it 's intermittent .
that 's what the company wants me to use . i 'm no longer at said company , thankfully .
yes , by xing out and then opening it back up .
converting by using the `` save as '' tab in word .
i would assume so . the ip address is provided by my data center host , i 'd assume the gateway they 're using for my primary ip would be the same as for the secondary ip address .
it was a crucial mx100 256gb , problem actually turned out to be dell 's laziness with driver updates ( see below for details )
yes , i 'm using windows 7 .
i 've not tested it , i 'm afraid , i 've been meaning to try sergey 's solution to see if it works , but i 've been running windows mostly the past few months for schoolwork . if it does , i 'll post a comment to that effect
fixer1234 > usually , you press backspace once to erase a char . i only have access to linux and windows computers .
[ this ] [ 1 ] post gave me a hint but is not focused on user accounts but files and folders . [ 1 ] :
i need a way to access the ports , i mean , how can i use them ? i ca n't write a program and ask him to access lpt2 i need the address .
12.04 lts server
after restarting several times , the option suddenly appeared and i was able to boot from the usb . the only problem is that now there are n't any drives showing up when i attempt to install . i ca n't find the drivers for an obscure notebook drive , so does anyone have any suggestions on how to install ?
update : i found out that it is build 9600. i ca n't answer my question as of the time of the writing .
nothing selected @ t.j.l .
good question @ griffin - windows . camstudio was implying that but you 're right to ask .
: yes , both computers are using wi-fi . i got this for the network controller ( doing lspci in the terminal ) : 02:00.0 network controller : broadcom corporation bcm4313 802.11b/g/n wireless lan controller ( rev 01 ) .
just mine . everyone else 's behave normally .
logging off does n't kill a given user 's processes ...
the cpu is 64-bit ( it would have to be as i downgraded from windows 8 64-bit ! ) the new video card driver is also the 64-bit version . i am updating my answer with more information .
yes i have made a solution , can post it later today
if chdisk do n't find any issue mean that filesystem is ok or still i can not exclude mtf table can contain some unsung corruption ?
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ recommendation for wiki that supports wysiwyg ? ] ( )
sorry , should have provided more information . i 'm on os x lion using google chrome . im currently using browser extensions to take screenshots of webpages - specifically the awesome screenshot extension for chrome
edit : thanks for your comment . `` just loaded '' as in a few hours . i believe that when the system was loading , the option to update apps automatically was not chosen . edit 2 : there is a store service , it is listed as stopped .
current version - when trying to open a file or network stream results in > vlc ca n't recognize the input 's format : the format of ' ' can not be detected . have a look at the log for details .
i go into bios and it says hdd ... does that mean it is hdd . it is acer aspire s1e-115 ... i went to see if i can use refresh and it wont allow it , and i tried restore points and it wont allow it ... thanks for help spokey : ) ive been googling for awhile now for help .
it 's absolutely not a duplicate since i 've already implemented the filter in the referenced article , and have noted that the exception part of the rule does not catch emails sent to me through an exchange group because my email address is not explicitly on the to or cc lines .
yes . locally as in on my local hardrive .
probbably not . i have a 64-bit computer and i compiled the programs on a 32-bit os . so i do n't think that 's the problem but thanks anyway .
i 'm using windows 7 ultimate .
because several of the computers are laptops and are rarely connected to the internet . i use a smartphone to tether internet and use that to sync dropbox . on some occasions i am able to connect them to a wifi network . i considered switching to git , but instead i through that idea aside , as can be seen by me asking this question .
it 's a sitecom modemrouter ( wl-348 ) . the firewall i 'm talking about is my router 's firewall . not the one on my pc ( 's ) , which is avg btw .
not that i know of .
: `` on board '' as some sort of a physical switch ? they 're microsoft intellimouse explorer 3.0 and microsoft notebook presenter mouse 8000 respectively .
i think it was a bug . it 's not doing it now : s
to do that i first had to upgrade to 9.10 i didm't continue due to all the problems .
i am aware that it will be backwards compatible , but i am no hardware genius so i 'm being precautious as i do n't want 80 going down the drain by damaging the ssd . also whether the power is compatible .
`` both os are already installed on hard disk . ''
: could you elaborate ? i 'm doing this basically without any knowledge about networking . can i query for the ( ? ) lan ip address assigned by the router ? pinging /// does not work .
the network is a snapserver nas device . when i click on the `` new folder '' button , it appears that explorer has frozen . so i click the x to close it , and a dialog box appears stating that explorer is not responding . so i click to close it . when i view the nas device , i see new folder , new folder ( 1 ) , new folder ( 2 ) , new folder ( 3 ) , etc . i just keeps creating new folders until i can get explorer to shutdown . this last time it created 79 new folders .
yeah , it contains : . > < ? $ ... allsorts . i do n't think that matters as the expression works for one variable . but i need to combine the expressions to start again at the end of the first variable found , and repeat for the next variable . not certain on the boolean format to combine .
cpu is normal . the system itself is responsive , just not the keyboard . i 'll give the drivers a try later when i get back to the machine .
a computer startup script in group policy .
it is the one that came with the laptop . not , its not made by the third party . charging adapter does not have enough juice to drive both , what does it mean ?
since we 've established that it is something to do with either my home network or the isp , there is nothing the system administrator can do -- it 's not a problem on their side .
i was n't aware of that ! thanks .
# edit to be clear , the question is **how to restore the links to the old location** . answers for any browser are welcome .
yes . i am kind of surprised that there is no easier way to do that : ) also i do n't need that for now .
. i reinstalled windows on the 3rd hdd with both sata emulation set to ahci , and ide , and the issue remained in both cases
i 'm playing around with google chrome and also with chromium and have to double-check if they both use the same command-line args .
the errors are n't causing the program to exit so will it still give an exit code . it still continues and some of the files are extracted , but some are n't .
no constraints , i just did n't know if there was a `` shift+right-click '' like shortcut
192.168.1.198 is actually dynamic : from dhcp . 192.168.1.42 should a static ip . so that : each time the embedded system that now is at 192.168.1.198 is on sends a message to the router and the router set the iptable to redirect . this is a workaround because i have n't managed to set the embedded device with a static ip ...
yes they are always detached
sadly , the uefi settings only show that i have 16gb of memory available , nothing else . it 's an `` insydeh20 '' firmware .
not all of the updates were successfully uninstalled .
as i 'm sending traffic through the loopback device , i would n't think the nic/switch would matter .
no.. ca n't see it under disk management .. ca n't see it under any os , linux , windows , i also tried few other laptops..
so i could see the errors . actually , i run it like this to get time-stamped errors , where `` teetime '' is a simple unbuffered perl script to prepend a timestamp : google-chrome 2 > & 1| teetime > > /tmp/chrome-errs
nope . reinstalled windows . sorry man .
, thanks for catching my typo .
yes , i have installed iis8 .
, i believe that is the case . i will make sure the notebooks are in user 'fred ' directories . however , if i change any mathematica settings , i want them to persist for both users . as i have it set up now , both my email and browser are not persistent when i switch user .
i followed the mac mail instructions provided by my institution , which worked until i ran outlook concurrently . i enter my username without the domain ( tried with , too ) . i add the internal & external server as servername.example.com . i am using ssl but have tried without .
right now i 'm trying to get this thing to give me an output via software .
what i need is a software that find files where the first x characters is the same and then remove files based on input from the user . for example : software - europe software - america klipsch - europe klipsch - america so the software would find these four because they share the same start characters and then i could remove all of them inclyding europe .
journeymangeek uh yeah sure i 'll do that later . @ tyson it 's an outlook email address that i 'm accessing via pop3 i 'm pretty sure .
nope , that did not work ...
can i do it with the task scheduler ?
: it has to be web based , i 'm anti-desktop , i want to be as mobile as possible .
! [ enter link description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
edit : this is for windows xp . sorry for the oversight . : )
yes it has 4/ports , like lan1 ... ..lan4 .
yes its this . `` no connection possible to db : an error link to network or specific authorisation when trying to make a connection to sql server . the server is unavailable or inaccessible.verify that the name is correct and the server is configure to authorise distance connection . ( provider : named pipes provider , error : 40-impossible open a connection to sql server ) '' . that is the error box . but i still do n't get the reason why .
thats the first thing i did , but with bruteforce attacks , etc , i 'd much rather explicitly block access to the management webapp entirely from the wan . this is a home networking scenario , even if the router is more than your standard soho type device .
quixote its snow leopard . @ dmatig i do n't think so because it used to work before and i have changed my room layout plus i put my macbook beside it and it works fine . thanks
**right question for the right place** i was in doubt if this is the right place for my question , and it seems debatable . however , se meta told me to go here , and the su meta reads : > **what topics can i ask about here ? ** > super user is for computer enthusiasts and power users . if you have a question about > > computer hardware , > > ...
it is done by the internet provider . i have no control of it .
- it 's ext4 ( according to `df -t` ) - is the above result strange to you too then ?
i never ended up figuring out a way to do it . eventually , we went with some pretty crappy , specialized kiosk software .
preferable native .
: windows , but i can plug it to others os ( mac , ubuntu , windows ) to fix it .
no , i have n't changed it .
nope ... there 's a button only . i thought some bluetooth app on windows could just turn it off ... in terms of hardware , it 's a soft button to turn it off , not a push toggle .
upd : laptop model is [ samsung np355v4c ] [ 1 ] , it 's 3 years old , but i wanted to know how to do it with all other possible laptops or check if it is impossible [ 1 ] :
**update : ** my audio length is less than that of video . i 'm using the command `ffmpeg -itsoffset -00:00:01 -y -i audio.wav -i video.webm -vcodec libx264 output.mp4` to make them in sync . but i 'm not sure there will be a 1 sec difference always . so i 'm looking for a solution that could manage this dynamically ( add the offset for missing audio length ) .
i am sorry , i do n't understand the question .
correct , it was a symlink . but again , i can not recreate it : `ln -s /var/tmp /tmp/var` wont work
'ps aux | grep postgres ' yields '1870 0.0 0.0 2432768 596 s002 s+ 1:38am 0:00.01 grep postgres '
wijsman i 'm new to linux . how does one obtain that information under linux ? or does it involve cracking open the computer and looking at the network card ? my computer is a laptop ( sony vaio vgn-sr490 ) and opening it is a challenge , but i 'll do it if i have to . thanks !
i 'm using
a plain tcp connection from my c++ application is n't reliable too . sometimes packets are no longer received and i have to close and reopen the socket .
how is that meant to work ? input would be greatly appreciated
yes . my system is in german , so i do n't know the exact english translation .
wow sorry , just saw this response . no there were no drives plugged in during boot . i now am experiencing issues with booting in general . when i have the battery plugged in it refuses to boot . i have to take the battery out and boot via power plug . may replace the battery to try that as a resolution .
which hidden partition do you mean ? i just added update # 6 which talks about the extra boot partition , and yes , i did move that , too . there was also another `` hidden '' area between the mbr and the start of the windows partition ( s ) , but that should not be of any relevance - that 's just a blob of data ( in my case : a hfs+ partition as i 'm moving a boot camp installation here ) . the only things involved should be : the partition map ( mbr plus guid schemed partition map thereafter ) and the two involved windows partitions ( the small booter and the c : partition ) . i updated all properly , of course . : )
arg , i thought it was ext3 but its ntfs
i mean i could probably get used to it being off . but i would prefer a fix rather than avoiding the problem .
it populates these message in console when i login using ssh
my web server is directly connected to my firewall and i 'm using nat to be able to see the website internally and externally . this is working fine . but i ca n't even ping from one network to the next .
it 's purely or education purposes , i would like to know if it can be done , and how it can be done .
updated my post to specify , yes static ip address routes ... tried to post a screenshot of route print , but apparently i do n't have enough points or something . do you just need the routing table ? if i route -f it , will it rebuild automatically ?
well , i do n't need mail cliet as it is . i need just software without gui , which i can run in order to retrieve attachements from email
they do get captured when not in vs. do n't have my code at the moment but will update question soon .
i remove the gdm3 and i find the problem is : timeout in locking authority file /home//.xauthority
ok seems closing outlook it still stayed there then re-opening it it disappeared , bit weird but least its gone was getting in the way of my work : )
well the pc is n't completely bypassed , because the other monitor works . i just ca n't do anything with it . also , interestingly , when i keep the other monitor on and look at the device settings , i can still see the keyboard and mouse ( they disappear fairly quickly when i unplug them ) . i ca n't really think of how to test to see if the usb would work for other devices , since even the keyboard and mouse do n't disappear , and i ca n't use the computer when this happens .
i thought it was . my mistake
yes , i tried it in an external drive caddy and the drive was not recognised . could not see it or format it
windows xp
that also gives 4gb iso while original is lesser
in 2008+ i am using the c++ function createsymboliclink which works fine . i am using junctions for pre 2008 systems . is there a better method ?
message passing interface commands for parallel processing
either would be fine , since this is the only application the users may use here and browsers will not be used for internet browsing in general.many of the users of the application are not very it-enabled , so we needed to disable back space for application to behave normally .
default installation . it works on my other unit except for ths one
yes , the scroll bar !
well , i suppose both . at job i use a mac , but when i 'm working on my own projects i use the desktop instead .
nah , it worked fine after that . only the overly long startup delay is intriguing .
because i need to solve a css problem on that page , that occurs only on that build . sometime customers are really harassing
no lights on cpu power button , but the light do turn on motherboard .
it is n't at /usr/bin/du . however this can be due to fact that i 'm in install mode of el capitan . i 'm hang in process of installation , because i do n't have enough space for installation .
yes , i can run /bin/ls
thanks mate ! i updated my answer with a new picture . really really puzzling ... im stupified at this point ... kind of a dizzy dolby surround feeling sea sickness really ... i think this thing is alive ! maybe we should give up as humans and let the computer win this ... or ?
the question has been edited with answers
it still has the warning sign .
i want to remove all the users that were entered in this groups every week . the group is still needed . could i remove and re-create the group ?
i set bits and webclient to run automatically and start , how do i set the windows update service ?
this computer is completely custom , msi motherboard and gpu . i just bought it preassembled so as i wanted to update or replace parts it would be easier . the card is currently not installed .
[ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
thank you both for replying . i have n't used powershell before , and had to research it before i could use it . the cmdlet you gave me said that 0.0.0.0:25565 was listening and that [ : : ] 25565 was listening . both were tcp , which is strange because in the router the port is forwarded as both tcp and udp . i do n't know what interface binding is , and could n't find anything which explained it , but i think i know what you mean . could you give me the layman 's terms or direct me to where i could learn about it ? the server has a properties folder wherein you can set the server ip ; this did not fix .
no , they do n't offer a regular html download . for downloading windows 7 , the following post has the links to it . so i am looking something similar for windows 8 .
, tried to make a little more coherent ; is there anything else your looking for ?
my soldering is fairly good i 've replaced blow caps on full size motherboards before and the board worked fine after . i 've been opening up the insides of computer since i was 10 and i just turned 25 on dec 10th
i installed ableword , but it still did n't disabled the blueprints marked on the pdf ... this is the file :
it 's not a possibility .
like .exe , .pdf etc . the long descriptions of a file type are totally not readable for me , i just want to see .h rather than `` microsoft visual c++ ... '' ( the rest being truncated ) .
as stated , 4.5 slightly modified `msbuild` and was causing a lot of problems with some various , critical scripts we use . 4.5 was erroneously installed on my machine .
see the link in my question . it is needed for refresh and reset .
it is my laptop lcd display and the laptop works fine . i can use an external monitor for the time being and will replace this one soon .
in any application .
that worked well , thank you @ salvof . if you 'll just have time , i might ask what 's the use of the * ? ? ? ? 15.* ? i might do some little tweaks in my data gathering using your suggestion . thanks much !
i removed it but it still gets truncated
startx gives `` fatal server error : no screens found '' which made me lol as how would i have seen the error if there were no screens ? i used the network upgrade using the update manager .
unfortunately , no .
in most cases you ca n't send more than 25mb via email .
happens with all downloads .. torrent , from youtube ( through jdownloader ) , normal files with and without download manager .
example : running ipython.exe opens the interpreter in a new prompt ( and i 've seen this behavior with few other commands which i ca n't recall right now ) .
actually i have n't bought a wifi modem yet . before buying it , i 'm trying to find if this is possible first . let 's say i buy this d-link router ,
-- -- -- -- -- it 's a lenovo y580 , and it comes with a nvidia geforce660 card . it does n't come dead out of the box , but rather mismade or misconfigured . people have noticed problems with games at first , and then it worsened into crashes .
yes , i can not see the data . $ sudo du -shx /media/nashd/* 83g /media/nashd/backup 3.6g /media/nashd/music 1.6m /media/nashd/raoul
you do not need an account on ge.tt just hit the giant uploading button that says `` drag and drop to upload a file or click `` . you do n't even need to upload a file there . ( and even if you did want to upload a file , you do n't need an account to do it ) . it will be your web browser opening up a dialog box to browse files on your own computer . e.g . c : \windows\system32
i have a cable from my downstairs router plugged into the wan connection on my upstairs router
as i already said , i want to use it as my actual main system and i will obviously need to use the internet on that .
is that how you guys answer here ? of course i can , and i even do .
in addition i 've tested a pci sata card and it works just fine .
that 's an unacceptable alternative , imo . it requires a mouse click , while ctrl+t can open a new tab . it also adds an extra thing to my favorites bar to work around removed features . zach 's answer is really the best option .
google drive just does n't show aliases - so because i 'm working remotely , i need to use logmein in to access my remote computer , where i can actually see the aliases , and manipulate them in finder to create an actual physical copy in google drive that i can work with locally
no , i have n't
the internet connection is provided through the cellular usb-stick ( umts/lte ) . i have removed the default ethernet device from the vms hardware settings .
yeah , i 've tried it on my laptop , desktop , friends computers and my work computers . all the computers says the same thing `` internal hard disk '' . i 'm guessing its a problem with the drive it self , i must have deleted something during the re partitioning and formats .
fast jump .
i suspect that file overwrite some of my old files . i was to locate it in o & o ; and find adjacent files .
no , we used the website `` speed-test '' and one that is inside the country ( bezeq : ) .
i use it because that 's the one created by the server . what open source version of the client are you referring to ?
- right , moving the same cable back and forth .
sure , the message was forwarded twice , care to tell me exactly what you 're looking for , and i 'll post it ?
i want to do it through the batch file since it should be done for several machines .
it might be my laptop or nas , but how can i figure out what might be causing it ?
i do n't know for sure , it can be or xp , or 7 , most probably xp
it 's a dell studio xps 435mt , i believe .
the program itself is irrelevant but is a simple executable that checks something every second and writes the current value to stdout .
thanks , @ scott . the transformation is not affecting the bottom right corner of the rectangle ; it 's stationary . i have tried turning off everything except smart guides , and the object is still snapping to artboard edges .
thank you for your reply . at this moment i have 1.5gb available ram . according to the requirements listed for this os that 's more than enough ... is n't it ?
i get this connecting to a few different servers ( basically every server i need ) , and i do not have control over the server . yes the server has the limit apparently , so i want my client to obey that limit or something . and i doubt the server settings needs any change because all works fine from windows clients .
can not do any of this
yes , the given answer works
meanwhile i found . can you tell me about firefox extensions expanding firefox 's bookmark manager ?
i 've pulled the box off my desk and am onto another project , but i 've answered my own question ( with your help ) below ) .
- i agree . i had n't noticed it before this point , but then i do n't reboot that often .
see for a solution in firefox .
as i mentioned , its not the samba case . in windows explorer if i go thru *\\ipaddress\sambashare* or via mounted drive on that address , i have full access . i just ca n't go into softlink subfolder .
i am the administrator . and they are lost files . i can access them through the cmd all right . but i wan na get them all - each and everything and from gui . so i can 'see ' what 's there .
no , it is just a power plan 's name .
i 've tried to use a non-date formular to concatenate text : =concatenate ( # # , '' / '' , # # . '' / '' , # # # # ) . i do n't think this is even close though .
i wish i had an answer ... .i do n't want to pay money to submit a bug to ms .
i explained the application with details .
yes . pfb answer .
yes , i know it is different things . i just compared efs and bitlocker to find differences for understanding after finding this .
yes . i am using dhcp . the configuration of ip , mask and default gateway is automatic .
**edit 1** : probably my meaning of spying was not too clear in my question . when i say i fear of spying , i mean what i do on a social network or what/where/how do i make my bank transactions . i know that all my requests pass through the proxy , so i know from an administrator point of view what pages were browsed by me . what worries me is the spying on information concerning the things what i do on these networks . this is creepy and by all means it is my personal data .
: just a win7 pro machine connected wirelessly to the router .
thanks !
the message it gives me is : `` unable to connect '' then the drive disappears on the mac side . like it doesnt see it as being attached any longer . to get it `` re-attached '' i have to restart the router .
- i have a ps2 mouse
my file has a number of greek terms . i am sure about spelling but not in grammar . if i go with spell check ( f7 ) , greek terms are hectic for me to check . each time it shows me greek term as spelling mistake .
i install all my environment on vm with a single command \\mymachine\choco\get my.environment , i 'd like to just include conemu settings to package and forget about it .
have posted screen dumps
cell a2 ( g212 ) will show 1 when a1 ( g211 ) is 0 or case-insensitive apple e.g . apple , apple etc .
i thought the solution might involve writing a script , and or diagnosing the explorer.exe program .
- no i do n't need them gziped again . but i could not store all the split text files at once . so i would like to get the first split , do stuff with it , then delete the first split , and then get the 2nd split.etc finally removing the original gz
2. how i can check out whether i have 64-bit or 32-bit computer
windows 7 is installed
yea i did it very well , and i used my publicwifi but it does n't complete the process due to the lack of the virtual adapter which should be assigned to the hospot . i enabled all network adapters in devices window yet i still have this issue .
and spiff : just realized after posting that the question sounds redundant . i guess what i was meaning to say is , is it possible to implement permissions on a specific browser ? i work in medical market research . so work-oriented browsing would be only allow websites like webmd , vitals , hospital websites , etc to be accessed and deny sites like social network sites and the such .
**edit** : the `` previous driver '' button is n't clickable ! there is also no `` yellow warning triangle '' , so i guess windows thinks that the drivers work properly !
bookmarks bar is black ? like `background-color : black ; ` ?
elegant , the one that looks like mac os
just a printer , and some small pieces of software like dia ( to draw diagrams )
sorry , i can not remember whether i have deleted something or not
yes , system restore is on but how could it be related to this , i will try to install again after disabling system restore .
i agree , but what is causing it to not reach 1 gbps ? both computers are directly wired to each other . i 'm using real player .
, in addition to what karan said , i also do n't see why it would be placing the screenshots when you exit the browser .
the host server is running windows server 2012. the vm servers running off of it are server 03/08 r2 , depending on the server .
ie could n't open it ... not sure why . the filename is from the dev tool , there is no malicious meaning to the filename _impact.log . the worry is that a rootkit is somehow hiding all filenames that start with underscore . i doubt there actually is a rootkit , but i do n't understand why i ca n't see the log file . i can open it in chrome , but i ca n't see it in windows explorer or with the command prompt .
ibooks now offers both highlighting , but since it offers continuous scroll only on ios , not osx , i 'm still converting to pdf and using skim pdf to highlight and annotate .
i presume that the fact the disk is reading/writing random data under 1mbps is causing the slow performance ? if that is so , what to do to improve 4k read/write .
no also , also gentoo , arch , fedora .
i 've added a snippet . i use gpg locally , but i 'm not using it on the webmail , which can also display the contents .
nothing . just the built-in windows defender .
edit : the applications themselves are fine , its just the shortcuts that are messed up . if i navigate to their folder everything works .
yep , installed automatically when you connect the wireless stick
no error message , it seem some suggested checked the `` send immediately '' option in the setting which it is already enabled by default , i did toggle and the problem persist . te next i would repair office , have anyone found repair the installer solved the issue ?
i 'm looking how that values work , i know originals .
this is the open office version of the same file
no it do n't stay long time.but i have never seen like this before.is my hard disk life is degrading because when i disclosed this matter to an computer expert he said that the problem occurred for my hardisk as it is n't in a stable condition so process loads to ram to execute and it exceed the usage of ram .
i have used the below commands with no luck . i am able to mount the sparseimage on my macbook pro . i am using debian 7. sudo mount -t hfs /image/to/mount /mount/location sudo mount -t hfsplus /image/to/mount /mount/location
it seems that the experts do n't feel that i asd a real question , but i felt i did ! ! i 'm curious about the best benchmark sites ( free ) to provide me somewhere to start to improve the performance of it . the novabench provided a score of 929 , which is low for the components used , but i feel that a video card upgrade is needed . yet , since i do n't game , i did n't feel that i needed more than i bought at the time . so ***experts*** is it a video card problem , and do you have 1 that you suggest ? ? ?
no it does not . the mobo i have does not have integrated graphics or any form of output .
that screenshot taken when my vm is off . when it is on , the connected checkbox is enabled but when tick it , it will give other error .
: yes , but free would be best .
thanks @ gkoe . how to use autohotkey and/or powershell script to do this ?
not sure why it 's funny , but yes - the accounts do have passwords .
they are using windows 7 .
i changed no energy/power settings until i noticed the problem . it was at balanced before , and was probably like that since installation . it 's now at maximum performance .
no firewall , not as far as i can tell . as for the -vvv flag , that just shows the `` connecting to laptop.local '' line , which seems to indicate the same thing as strace - it 's trying and failing to open the tcp connection .
not for outlook .
on the laptop
hdds are shielded or psus ?
it is pinned on the taskbar , but the same thing happens if i run it from cmd ; the 'run ' menu , or from the explorer .
i have found that the network switch was causing issues with restriction certain types of traffic . once i had disabled these it worked fine .
memory is n't a concern , i have 256 gb to play with and none of it is used by anything else . piping grep to a file then reading the file with sort : lc_all=c grep -e > reads.txt ; sort reads.txt -u | wc -m 1m 56s , but bona fide parallelization ! -- parallel=1 is 9+ minutes and still going .
thank you i am not as proficient as you in operating systems . will go to linux and ask .
the output for iwconfig lo no wireless extensions . eth0 unassociated essid : '' nikparsa '' nickname : '' nikparsa '' mode : managed channel=0 access point : not-associated bit rate:0 kb/s tx-power=20 dbm sensitivity=8/0 retry limit:7 rts thr : off fragment thr : off encryption key:3335-3421-3638-4343-0000-0000-00 security mode : restricted power management : off link quality:0 signal level:0 noise level:0 rx invalid nwid:0 rx invalid crypt:0 rx invalid frag:0 tx excessive retries:0 invalid misc:0 missed beacon:0 eth1 no wireless extensions .
maybe [ orphilia ] ( would solve this . i have n't tried it . anyone reading who has , feel free to write it up as an answer !
i tried both - my language and english , both not working . @ bon gart , **i am positive** about sp3 , i would n't say , there is one installed if there was n't . also , you provided a link to sp for office xp .
note that this is a `` balloon warning '' from the righthand side of the taskbar ( where utilities/hardware are located ) . the activating software is the `` intel proset wireless wifi software '' .
another disk , so your links are irrelevant here
windows 7 64bit
**can you reproduce the issue all the time ? ** yes , every time i reboot my computer they go invisible . **are those invisible icons always the same ones ? ** usually they tend to be the same ones , but sometimes skype is hidden and sometimes it 's not , for example . **have you run `sfc /scannow` in command prompt as administrator ? ** `windows resource protection did not find any integrity violations.`
no it does n't . can you tell me what they are ?
sure . on a newly build system the locale and language is set to en-gb which also affects the time format . e.g . i see date : 25 february 2016 , time 12:08:15 where what i need is date : thursday , february 25 , 2016 , time : 12:08:15 pm . i can set this up for my account but i need that for all users .
: there is no cpu , hdd , or network access whatsoever . @ terdon : this is what i 'm getting when using the terminal , not x. i was just mentioning that x is not an option right now so i ca n't use the gui equivalent
sorry it is an hp notebook . i went into the startup menu right at the beginning of set up . ( i clicked esc then i clicked f2 ) & ran drivers . with the program i then put a mouse in while it was running diagnostic . sorry i am definitely not a computer person & i am away from the computer now to check . & i did not know if it is showing or not .
worked like a charm , thanks a lot ! using the keys i could bring it back and then i fixed the graphics settings . someone connected the monitor using both the vga and hdmi cable , so windows 7 thought i have two monitors , funny : )
the `` account type '' is `` exchange 2007 '' . i believe this means it 's using the `` exchange web services '' protocol ( see
*edit : * the button*open* has the same problem when i request a document . **how can i have the button*open* work again ? **
it 's in fluxbox under freebsd
how to install a portable ie8 on windows 7 ?
i did not . i had assumed that system restore would sort that out . it seems a bit of a complex step for most users . would the alignment actually prevent windows from restoring to the disk though ?
i am using windows 7. my headset is simply plugged into my laptop with the green and the pink jack on the side .
i have a huge box full of them i got for free , and i 've always wanted to try vintage os 's like windows 2.0 , so i thought i might as well use them as boot disks .
all data on sda6 moved to an external hard drive .
, sorry u r right , i put sata drives inside that and i have put card in server . but i do n't know which cable i need to connect card with hitachi things . hitachi has in and out port and fc card also has two ports . they both look different ports do n't know how to join them
, i was more asking about the status of the industry and not arguing that one is better than the other . although i do think that the reduced vertical space is restricting on a range of typical productivity applications .
i only have ituneshelper and quicksilver in my login items , so i 'm guessing neither of them are opening mail .
i 'd like to add more links but am being prevented by the sites anti-spam feature . looks like the amazon drive is 5400 rpm . any ideas on what the apple hdd firmware does ?
i want to be able to connect to the servers on the other side of the vpn from my vm ( so nat is fine ) , and no i ca n't , since the vpn features three-factor authentication , and i can only do it from my host os .
the output is in minutes and i require to change this into the original time format
this is exactly my issue . i can do what you 're saying , but if you use $ pwd you 'll only get your initial login directory , it wo n't update as you change directories
2 , maybe three days ?
i 've tried both , internally it times out , i disconnect my phone from wifi and try it and i get `` error : invalid request or server failure . http_proxy ''
does n't do anything .
5.1.0alpha
going obviously ; its suspended during standby . ( i assumed from the context , and the usage of *on* rather than *during* that it was clear that i used the term as a verb , not an adjective . )
**update : ** it seems not a problem with the isp , but with my browser ( safari ) . i just tried other browsers and they all load github fine , while safari is still the only one that ca n't . another safari on the other laptop also works fine . i will try to remove browser plugins to see if it has any effect .
i believe it 's a proprietary port of hyperwrt and tomato . it 's got all of the basic linux tools though fdisk , ftsab , df , mkdir etc . i was trying to follow [ this ] ( guide but it fails at the mkdir command .
it says `fatal : not a git repository ( or any of the parent directories ) : .git` since i ca n't `git clone` i do n't have any repo right now
: my vba skills are modest - i 'm actually learning vba as i go for this particular job . borders do n't bother me , it 's the data validation that 's important . i do n't want it accidentally munged if someone clicks the `` sort '' button .
- positive .
i could n't figure out how to set me working directory in my bash profile , but i think i found a more general solution below the marked answer .
thanks a lot doktoro ! i use the `` text import wizard '' i defined as decimal separator the `` . '' and as thousand separator the `` , '' . and it worked ! @ doktororeichard thanks a lot for the help ! : - )
the boot camp partition and parallels are on different mac 's . but yes , parallels can .
i was kind of hoping to avoid wiping out my profile and creating a new one . wo n't i lose all my bookmarks , settings , and preferences that way ? as for the question of cpu , yes , it seems that when firefox freezes , my cpu is near 100 % activity .
******** update : here are 2 screenshots . one from windows 7 ( with the ph interface around it ) and another ( without the interface ) is the same psd file opened in osx . you can clearly see the bugginess . windows : ! [ on windows ] [ 2 ] osx : ! [ on osx ] [ 3 ] i.imgur.com/oijkp.jpg p.s . : sorry for the lame links . unfortunately i am not allowed to post images or more than 2 links .
i 'm using an ethernet switch similar to this ( - i got the term wrong in my question ) . as far as the ip goes i believe it 's a tcp/ip configuration ( my ip starts with 192.168.100 ) . i 'm basically using the set-up described here
just figured it out . i had to define the port in the `` virtual server '' section of my router 's settings . i never had to do that before but i guess i have to now . works great though . thanks anyway !
both the modem and the wireless switch have 4 ethernet ports on the back . in scenarios 3 and 4 the lights on the modem indicating a plugged-in network cable do n't light up -- it does n't physically recognise the connection . i 've tried switching the cables around - no difference .
it returns 1. i think the problem is with tmux , using the wrong $ display env . i think i got this error , after i logged to my machine from my laptop using ssh . here 's more info on it : i create a new tmux client , i can copy from vim to clipboard , but i still ca n't get my detached client working , yet .
been a while but ... i was using one of those powerbank portable batteries that one can use to recharge their phones . i think you are right about it being a current issue . i eventually deleted everything to start over . i got rid of some custom functions that the pi was having to process at the same time ( requesting more current ) as the screen tap and that did it . less current was being demanded and all worked just fine .
edited : **it seems that ms fixed it - its kees `` only show notifications '' after restart**
screenshot attached
, so i 'll
here it is : [ 16:08 ] ~ > echo $ ps1 \ [ \e ] 2 ; \h\a\ ] [ \a ] \w > \ [ \e [ 0m\ ]
my os is ubuntu 11.04 linux kernel 2.6.38
yes , i am sure . after i force a refresh , the window is displayed where it should have been in the first place .
i tried getting the nightly to work with metro but it would n't work . anyway , do you have any idea why the chrome tile is n't changing to reflect its default status ? i noticed that when i go into the chrome : //settings/ page to make it the default browser , i get two internet explorers pop up to make default , and one of them corresponds to chrome : ( this is with internet explorer as the default , trying to change chrome to default ) . could this be related to my problem ?
thank you **devan** i have turned off my windows firewall completely for all domains .
i normally use osx , but i can start a vm with linux or windows just for that .
yes . thisworkbook.sheets ( `` sheet1 '' ) .cells ( actrw + r + 1 , c + 1 ) = elemcollection ( t ) .rows ( r ) .cells ( c ) .innertext this line is in error .
hmm , good point , for sure . i ca n't really think of a good way around it , either . : | i suppose getting it directly from the keyholder is still the best method .
, only in chrome .
that does **indent
: grrr ... is this documented somewhere ? i have win10 home on the laptop and win10 pro on pc .
the drive is locked with 'bitlocker ' . : (
i was trying to send to a verizon address . i was able to do it based on jatin 's comment . but i just tested what you said , i set the to and from to a gmail address and successfully sent it through smtp.verizon.net . though i did log in with my credentials . that 's surprising .
may i ask what you mean by that ?
here is my script : # my_script.sh dropbox start | grep jour if [ $ ? -eq 1 ] ; then echo 'dropbox is already running' else echo `` dropbox is n't started '' dropbox start -i fi **edit : ** `libappindicator1` is installed
device used to this is **hp pavilion dm1-4310sw** laptop . on hp site there is no bios updates for me . i 'm not able to boot in safe mode with virtualization enabled .
: nothing wrong ... i just feel this client is more modern than the openvpn gui
forgot to mention , i rebooted multiple times since then w/o success . but i get the idea , maybe try some of the `` move/del on reboot '' utils next ... but i 'm trying the on-board/standard tools first
no , they arent .
definitely closed , either by hitting the tab 's close button ( `` x '' ) or the window 's close button ( red circle ) . i wonder if yosemite 's `` app nap '' feature could cause this ? i just turned it off , and need to see how the app behaves now .
it is not a typo . does that cause a problem ?
some programs distinguish those two keys .
unor removing the hyperlink did not improve the quality of the question
it does n't work in firefox either with flash 12.0.0.44. however , if i log in to her computer , it works in both ie10 and firefox for me , so it is related to her user profile .
i actually need to determine the average . i will put together a better question and resubmit with a screenshot of my data .
it only happens on the main monitor , the one artifacting in the picture , even if i run the video on the second monitor too the left , it occurs on the main one . but when i watch a video on my pc . never when gaming and never in general use
apologies yes . have edited .
yes . the arrow keys do not work/ hjkl work but are useless in insert mode . not a big problem as is only on vim on git-bash . but an anoyance .
no previously i worked with windows-7 , now i moved to windows-8 . i want to know on both . thats why i tagged
no it has not , however , i do n't think that it would be hard to simulate that `` demand '' , so dll gets loaded or to load it manually , but i do n't have any experience with that .
i 'm not against plugins , sorry if it reads like that . i 'd just like to learn a bit more about chrome 's address bar 's capabilities : )
it seems that windows is using the same speed settings for *all* pointer devices connected to the system , which of course is no good for this exact sort of reason . hoping that the mouse control-panel applet is merely an interface to the registry , i checked `hkey_current_user\control panel\mouse` , but it has only a single set of values for the speed and acceleration curve . i also checked the `currentcontrolset` and found the settings that can be set for each pointer device via the device manager such as wheel-detection and packet-size , but nothing related to speed .
i can press f2 to get into the boot settings to change them to whatever i need them to be . right now , i have csm mode setup which boots up the windows 8 enterprise evaluation because i need my computer to do stuff while i am trying to resolve this issue .
as i mentioned before , it seems like as soon as i add the vhd , it does not gives and option to load windows 8. also it crashes at the time of loading , the windows logo formation .
right now , i utilize synchronized usb storage . the user connects a thumbstick and requests to sync the data stored via usb with what is on the device . is that what you 're asking ?
i mean ... i have single hard-drive with multiple partition of it .
video added , notice that the logos are not creating an illusion of eccentricity , the metallic discs are indeed spinning like that . ( oh , and that model you linked is not the same i have , mine is a `` core edition '' , it has three fans .
running a script named indexu 7.4 . developers are slow in responsind .
sadly , none of those methods are applicable at this point .
yes , of course the additional dns will not be able to resolve any internal addresses . but if our dns server is down ( and it is the only one listed in the dns settings ) , the client can not even surf anymore / work outside of our internal network . that is what we need an alternative dns entry for .
our is department disabled windows file sharing . and the connection to institutional network file shares are too slow for my application .
mrstatic : you are right , but user deleted comment .
the term 'sc.exe ' is not recognized as the name of a cmdlet , function , script file , or operable program .
os : winxp sp3 . in my control panel volume control , there 's no application volume control .
it is window 8 pro , clean hdd . just that nothing else on it .
update : it is not wake on hid .
directly . it has 2 usb cables , one for extending a usb , one for the keyboard itself
im currently away from home so cant attach a picture . but it is worrying what you said . i bought the tv to watch 4k content but i can not stream it then how will i watch them ?
by script name .
well , i have n't observed it making it very far past 70 c. here 's a screenshot of the cpu temp . and power levels , as i start up shadow of the colossus and let the intro play :
whilst i did not try that specific command , i could not bring any window to the front at all , i presume task manager would be just the same . maybe if there was some way to start task manager in stay-on-top mode .
that seems to be it , thanks ! smartctl tells me firmware version for sdc and sdd , but not for sda . there are the same model , but bought separately . maybe you could make that into an answer so that i have something to accept ? : - )
i could n't find any other way besides using vba . although in the end we stuck with a button rather than a cell change trigger to make it more obvious that there is vba behind it
yes . i have that enabled .
this is the correct code .
sure i could do that too .
thank you both for checking ! @ sanny , also en-us ? do you have 2 spaces required after periods in the grammar settings ? i edited the question to add the settings i 'm using .
i have n't used the old drive for about 2-3 months , and it was disconnected entirely from the computer ( both data and power supply cable ) , but the disk was inside the case chasis , and everytime i ( dis ) connected any hdd ( with the sata/power supply cable ) , i turned off the power supply from the back of the computer ( it has a button labeled 0/1 ) .
sorry , i mean does anyone have a tip on what might have happened and how to fix it ?
done , still noting
i have up it in the first post
yes i did . zip runs out of memory for that huge amount of files : (
the zoom factor . e.g . in windows you can say 150 % or 100 % etc .
mozilla firefox ... : )
edit : i had windows 7 installed , i am trying to install windows 7 again , and ya i get the option of only startable portions etc etc , but the thing is its not showing even a single optiona t all , be it eligible to put windows 7 in it or not , there is no god damn option there , so my q is , why is this so ?
i have edited the question for clarity . please check . **ps : ** you can run `choco upgrade -all` to update all packages that are installed . i 'm interested to know how chocolatey behaves when you do for packages that have already updated themselves .
shift + f2 just hides the top bar of the citrix .
they are the full wireshark log , the server machine is a planetlab node . so what do you guess are the potential reasons ?
`win` > `tab` ( windows key followed by the tab key ) edits to the question removed this ! i have no way of getting focus to the quick launch in vista unlike in xp where `win` followed by `tab` focused the quick launch . thanks
**update : ** i 've turned off the power management for the network adapter . that may help . if it does n't have to be powered on at the start of a request , it should speed things up . or so i would assume .
they are usb 2.0 ports . other usb 2.0 peripherals work fine at usb 2.0 speeds..
no . it changes back to 106 % . simultaneously it shows 100 % in dialog .
yes that is correct .
i uninstalled the chipset driver , rebooted , the win 8-welcome tour started , after that i rebooted again and then it worked .
i once waited for maybe 10 minutes , but task manager also says : `` inactive '' next to the task . before changing to windows 10 , it always started 2-3 seconds ...
no . ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
after i do mouse=a in vim and open a new file in vim inside tmux , vim does n't show anything . the display gets stuck at the command line where i had executed vim . either i have to kill it or split the window and 'unsplit ' it back . i tried above settings with and without set mouse=a inside vim . none of them work .
**it turns out , i 'm an idiot ( or , at least , hopelessly inexperienced with this whole software development thing ) ** . the below is what i spent my whole day panicking about . i 'll write an answer detailing what i saw , what actions followed and what was actually going on . **tl ; dr : ** how i *thought* my ide works and how it *actually* works are 2 separate things . and i 'm an idiot for still not having implemented version control yet . **what i wrote earlier : **
well the nic sits right above my gpu 's heatsink , i suppose the heat could rise especially when the card is under high load . that 's probably it , thanks !
yes . i am actually trying to re-enable it right now and see what happens ...
edit : maybe my words are not quite clear ... i do n't want to include this normal user in `` root '' . currently i 've created a group and have added this normal user into the group , and the directory permission is set to be 755. but i want the group to have the permission to write in order to run `cuckoo.py` smoothly . so i wonder how to make both root and this group have permission for read , write & execute ?
: sadly no .
//www.rosewill.com/products/1721/productdetail_overview.htm [ 2 ] : ? articlenum=4929 [ 3 ] : http :
values of a and b can be ignored ... what matters is being able to spot all lines where c is above zero ( even if very slightly e.g . c=0.0001 )
the driver found by windows update also results in this problem .
sysprep just gave me 2 options , 1. enter system out-of-box experience , 2. enter system audit mode . i selected option 1 .
: thanks for the help , i pasted the output of *free* and *top -c* but i 'm not to sure about how to read/interpret it and what to do to `` fix '' the slowness issues ( btw it 's on a quite fast machine ) .
yep , nothing interesting there
i have tried uninstalling it to no avail , yes i know java and javascript are completely different . i have gone to and have completed these instructions to no avail . @ rlemon i have removed the components before to no avail . @ dave rook no .
i 've tried that . sumatra pdf simpy does n't open it , foxit gives me that error and adobe throws another error i do n't remember now ( i 'll try it mondat since i do n't have adobe at home ) but it was somethingsimilar to foxit 's error
i did n't use driver sweep but i used a tool called `` display driver uninstaller '' instead and it does it 's thing in safe mode
the third example does the job . but `` sort fstab -k 2 -r '' does n't work for all the fstabs i have ( 50+ servers )
**update** : it seems that the locale is not correctly set up in the app launcher for xfce4 , but presumably the shell inside the first terminal inits it 's own locale , meaning that both shells have the same locale . adding export lang=en_gb.utf-8 to .xinitrc before xfce4 is started seems to fix it . i suspect this is n't the *correct* way , but it works well enough for me .
: yes , i do have tortoisesvn installed . while i investigate , maybe you should post that as an answer ; )
sorry typo error !
windows xp -- --
that is a screenshot taken from this url : the title at the top is the title of my browser 's tab . the box below it is always fixed on the page and it is quite annoying .
edited to supply .
: no . neither hdmi nor dvi-d are sufficient for 3840x2160 @ 60 , so i use displayport . thing is , the older 3008wfp works flawlessly in all cases . i think this has to do with displayport 1.2 possibly not sending an `` here is a monitor connected '' signal , even when the monitor is turned off . dvi does this obviously . so , it seems to be a matter of not having monitors autodetected , but i am at a loss on how to accomplish this in windows 8.x .
i did n't add any files . i just created a fat32 partition and flagged it with `boot` in gparted . is there another step i need to perform ?
so , @ ramhound , you are telling me i 'm imagining things . so download the firefox tor browser bundle and try it yourself . i tried 30+ exit servers in several different countries . the question ? i 'm looking for a work around .
, the ie history folder ( i.e. , `history` , `mshist*` , `index.dat` , etc . )
i do n't need local connectivity .
i had previously posted/answered that upgrading the firmware worked ... that is actually not the case , as it started happening again . any new ideas ?
thomas : please read again . i wrote it is not one of the two public ! ! ! dns ! ! ! servers of google . it is http ( port 80 ) not dns traffic ( 53 ) .
i 'd rather not to
yes , there is always a subnet , either delimited by 2x ' . 's or or 1 .
not that i can tell , they all look like they are there okay , but i will take another look . thanks
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ & ldquo ; must-have & rdquo ; linux software ] ( )
well i just tried to delete a file ( yes i have permission , i am the admin ) , and it is saying `` could not find this item . this is no longer located in g : \foldername\foldername . verify the item 's location and try again .
i am asking if there is any disadvantage to running sata/power cables from your mobo to an unpowered external enclosure . i 'm surprised i have n't seen anyone doing this before , and am wondering why . so , i guess i am also asking if anyone has done this/heard of doing this , since it seems to me the fastest/most reliable method to add jbod to a system without worrying about dropping long data transfers or having read/write speed caps .
__edit : __ by sleep , i mean the timeouts i set in energy saver preferences from the battery icon . for example , i set computer sleep in 1 minute , and display sleep in 1 minute , what happens to my ongoing download in chrome ?
snow leopard , 10.6.2
i have n't enabled ssh yet , but i do n't mind doing so . give me a bit and i 'll report back .
, forever . my computer continues to act like a 386 trying to run windows 7 until i shut it off
thank you ssrt and josh r. both good answers . it 's a pity i ca n't give you both best answer .
correct . it instantly appears as soon as the email lands in my inbox .
one hdmi , but my monitor have only vga , so i need a digital to analog converter which is very expensive .
well , if i am not mistaken both should be vdsl , or ? yes , it should go from street to house . that is all i know so far . can you please write me here all advantages/disadvantages of all possible solutions from these information i provided ? thank you : )
i mean this in a friendly manner : if you do not know what `` frozen '' means in this context then you will not be able to answer the question . : ) anyways it is a `` security '' feature . start here :
let 's say it can be any windows xp sp2 version and everything released later .
circumventing could be done in any case . even if we bought the most advanced system . i ca n't argue with you on that . that being said , we need a quick and dirty solution .
- what do you mean ? i ca n't get you . if i detect the process i will terminate the process and will proceed with my work .
means . what does this option mean
you refer to the current day , whereas i need an indicator ( as a red line ) of current **time** within a day . some calendar apps have that feature .
i have tried to : - delete the connection in control panel - remove it manually with cmd and regedit ( [ this guide ] [ 1 ] ) - complete system restore [ 1 ] :
well it worked once or twice before , then quit , when i re-loaded it . so i 'm not sure if the last reload fixed it or the new os , another reload and new motherboard did the trick . cliff
have no idea . i 'm sorry i 'm just learning as i go here with ssh . i remember have to accept keys on first sftp connection , which worked . maybe you can elaborate on the ssh|tar transfer method ? i 'll test that and report .
an excellent question - since activity monitor does n't show parent process and everything is locked i ca n't see it within there . maybe i 'll have to use 'top ' next time .
: ; - ) yes , i know . but i want it to to with a shell-script .
i do not own a copy of microsoft word , and if my understanding is correct , libreoffice and openoffice are mostly the same , except openoffice-exclusive features are more likely to be copied over to libreoffice and not the other way around due to libreoffice 's more restrictive license .
thanks for the hint !
it would be more cooler if it was a real windows update and i could click the remind me in 4 hours postpone
i have my answer , and the link in the beginning has it .
in the question [ `how can i pass root password to a script` ] ( i can see something that looks like what i 'm needing , but i did n't know how can i use this to perform what i need .
added : )
i added the registry key to the problem . i did reboot the computer . i also tried accessing the bios ( uefi ) . but then the computer would stall on a black screen . i was able to reach it using the windows boot into uefi .
o.s is win xp
: yes , that option is dissabled
i updated the post
hhmm , what should i check there ? some keyword maybe ?
if it 's possible , can you give instructions on how to do it ?
nope , just on-board sound . : (
yes , directly connected to exchange . we are using exchange 2010
i 'd like to narrow it down to a fairly small number of colours ... i 'm no expert on colours , but the sixteen html safe colours or the x11 colour names would be ideal . i guess this would need some kind of process like ( i ) reduce the colour space of the image ( ii ) create a table of pixels by colour ( iii ) map the dominant colour to the closest colour name . no idea how to do any of that , though !
i want them to minimize to the system tray :
apparently i cut and pasted the folder contents but not the folder itself .
not sure what you mean by that sorry . right clicked the folder and then went to the security tab . there where it says permissions for users . i ticked all of them on allow . then when i apply it starts loading through all the sub folders but then just resets the permissions back to before . but with the exception of a new strange user id that is added . this user id also shows up before all this when i right click a folder inside the drive . i was trying to remove that before but then i get the following error . thank you for helping !
it 's hp-ux 11iv2 ( 11.23 )
sure , i have some unit tests that display their results as an html page , and my browser displays them . i want the page to automatically refresh when regenerate the html page that displays the results of the test .
: i 'm not sure how time machine works . but supposing what you were suggesting was to launch time machine , go to the `/application` folder , and look for the applications at a time when they were there ... well i went over all the backups that i could : the applications are still missing , even a week back , despite the fact that i 've been using them daily for months .
the ip for `eth0` is `10.10.0.1` and for `eth1` is `10.11.0.1` . the iptables is running but i 've changed all the rules to `accept`
# # update re . duplicate question thing : i am asking not ( only ) about copying text from address bar , but about copying the text from anywhere in a web page . but let 's keep the link between these questions , they seem relevant .
i would appreciate an answer on all my questions . but my main request is to explain how my sources.list should look like .
bingo . i 've actually already tried using a vm ; the problem is that the host machine ( windows 7 ) does n't have any drivers for the device ( that 's the main issue here ) . because it has no drivers , it therefore has no way of passing it on the virtual machine .
because i want to convert some pages . `` save as '' will convert all of the pages which is not what i want
its could be your new hard disk drive , try to update your bios , pay us 30 $ to get more help .
yeah i know how ...
*update : * i 've been centering around chrome more recently and using firefox for testing . dev is n't bad on chrome and it 's great at releasing memory when i close tabs . in retrospect , i think the best answer to this question is simply for me to buy another 2gb of ram .
updated the chipset driver , and that seems to have helped significantly . thanks for the tip !
os is linux , but i would prefer a multiplatfom solution .
yes , i am . and it only appears to happen in full screen mode .
i watched [ this one ] ( and another noe on the same theme i ca n't find anymore . i also watched [ this one ] ( and a bunch of others that are more engineer oriented .
right clicking it > open with > set default program > browse . i can get the actual program just it is n't showing up or being made the default program .
it was the one my computer came with , but i am not sure how to find out the model .
god ... knowledge is power . i just logged in from another user and yes , you 're right , it was disabled . please add your answer .
the fast forward feature where i can speed up the video ( fast forward ) . i am playing it on my tv . what exactly do you mean by uncut command line input .
'' danger '' powers no , the subject line is always different as it only contains a name of the article and no `` brand '' info whatsoever .
it does n't find the command .
i am looking this for windows os .
> > checking media presence > > no media present
thanks a lot ! i was just worried because i have a few unsorted important files in the usb so i was worried one of them might get deleted . but if it 's impossible for just one file to get deleted from shock then i have nothing to worry about .
`` so even unused ever your running out at ~50 % . so you do not really `` have enough ram '' for what your doing , `` can you clarify ? i have 50 % free ram . so how is this not enough to create some more tabs ?
i have edited the question to add those details . i pasted from /etc/passwd only the line concerning to the logged user . thanks , @ user1147688 .
why so ? sata ports are supposed to be faster than usb 2.0 , and if the drive has greater speed than usb 2.0 , it should make the drive run faster ...
alas , i do n't actually remember . : ( the ifixit model has separate models for unibody and pre-unibody , while the mce optibay does not . however , i 'm also not seeing any reason why ifixit would have separate models , as far as i can tell it 's the same protocols and form factor .
it is vmware workstation 11. but i doubt that this is the root of the issue .
i already looked at that question and it 's quite different
- i 've tried going to device manager & manually looking for a new driver - i could n't find the precision touchpad drivers listed . is there a location to download them , or are they located somewhere locally i can reference ? thanks !
good idea , i did it and synced but the changed artwork only shown in the ipod not in itunes .
currently , flash is working . i will get back with a picture when the problem reappears .
i just missed copying the last row
, that the email is actually an active email , and not just a black hole . also the email they contacted me at is not the email on the domain whois , nor on the website itself .
nope , the same problem there too !
i did n't export it , i downloaded it from the team site . opening it with notepad reveals all the events are included , the phone was only adding the first event .
actually , i have n't done that , so i 'm not sure . i do n't know if the live messenger 2011 screws up the camera for good or only causes conflicts while it is installed . i am trying to find an answer if it is possible to make the two coexist in the system .
ok , updated
sorry there ! i did n't see your answer ! but yours is close to mine ! , what i needed to do is create a log and automatically point the software to our in house newforma server ! yours would work but it will ask for server later at first initialization ! but thank you
yeah bought from duracell direct . not sure how to check if the battery is faulty used the batteryinfoview tool should i leave this up until it shuts down again and see if the log says anything ?
no . in fact , when i did have router , i could just set up all settings there and connect to it without a worry
currently , i 'm testing on ubuntu 11.10 x64 , but i 'll need the direct links to the versions for mac , windows , and both rpm and deb based linux ( 32 and 64 bit ) . unless it 's something convoluted , i should be able to figure out the rest if i get even one , though .
i looked at the disks and it looks like dvd are blue and cd are green . i suspect it is due to the different optical characteristics of the media .
i hit delete and they do not delete . no errors , they just stay there .
no idea , maybe it would just autogenerate some , just like windows do ?
nope , i do n't think they provide such - i thought that downloading any not hacked w and typing there my serial would make it work and that would be legal . what a fool i am : )
, no . i do n't feel this is some strange question . it 's a large distro spanning more than a single dvd . hence , two iso files , meant to be burned onto dvds . iso2usb will take 7 cd-sized iso files and put them on usb , but i can not find anything that will take these two dvd-sized isos and make a bootable , installable usb stick .
not to my knowledge . as you can see on the left-hand pane the inbox is expanded , and sent items is the only subfolder ( ? ! ) .
yes , all other computers and smart devices work just fine with this ap .
both , and i get same response : `` oops ! google chrome could not connect to ... ''
hi bob . yes , the dhcp clients have their dns servers set to the router ip .
error log is too big to upload , important portion from the log : [ 2b6c:2580 ] [ 2012-09-16t23:06:40 ] : mux : error : the type initializer for 'system.windows.media.fontfamily ' threw an exception .
yo :
compaq desktop pc with 2gb ram ( two 1 gb memory modules ) . pentium dual core processor 2.0 ghz , intel motherboard .
patton : it is asus s56c . the hard drive is hitachi , the ssd is sandisk . as far as i know the ssd is on the mother board .
i 've updated my question to include the error message .
no . i 'm accessing this on my personal computer . i have a `.key` file , but i do n't know what to do with it .
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ any recommendations on a nas for a home-super-user ? ] ( )
yeah its the pc it wont boot off usb , i tried the usb on another pc and it booted off the same usb . so its the pc not the usb . the pc has gigabyte motherboard .
i was referring to an average home router . i thought they 'd all operate similarly .
site uploader converted it to jpg . here is the png file ... ..please dont use posterize as it wont work with other files i have ... ..thanks
yes to both . ` > cat /etc/yum.repos.d/nginx.repo [ nginx ] name=nginx repo baseurl= gpgcheck=0 enabled=1 ` and this too : ` > grep -i nginx /etc/yum.repos.d/* /etc/yum.repos.d/nginx.repo : [ nginx ] /etc/yum.repos.d/nginx.repo : name=nginx repo /etc/yum.repos.d/nginx.repo : baseurl=
downloaded android studio and then simply installed with default settings ...
yes using sysprep
i meant in general . what are the factors one should take into consideration when choosing internal hdd for laptops .
how to check it out ?
, i am nearly sure the cut is handmade . i can send you a close photo if needed . the cut is not completely regular .
it 's quite allot of work to sync 89 subtitles manually : (
it 's the opposite , they hate me . with passion .
the drivers i first installed where the latest from amd 's site , at i tried uninstalling them to run against the system default drivers ( via control panel ) , windows keeps rediscovering them though .
this is part of what the symbols look like ( i could n't copy whole messages without including private info like cell numbers ; ) ) h < h < k p e : c : f % :
edit : after using the headset i can not hear anything ! something is definitely wrong with the sound card/and or the drivers . any help appreciated
i have been suckered into gamification , sue me ! but in that case , i will post my modified solution there
not really relevant as is , i changed the way i set up the ssd .
the container is debian and i modify the sshd config for root connection .
edited with error messages
, yes . it was copied to the c : \swsetup folder on the remote machine .
i cant remember exactly but pretty sure the firewall rules in the answer worked for me . remember to flush the rules and check they are active . 'man iptables ' for more info .
but i have my file in /etc/cron.d
i have tried that . ls -l now states i have full rwx permissions on both folders . it looks like : rwxr -- r --
edit : there seem to be no need to panic about this . there has been no signs of bugs in the workings of gedit itself which starts normally . also , i found a bug-report about nerely the same error message here : and so it will be fixed sooner or later . anyway , if somebody figure out what it is i would prefer not to get the critical message .
the max my mother board can handle is 16gb . thank you big chris for the suggestion . i will give it a try when i get home .
i 'm examining options against [ crashing aoe ii when clicking chat or diplomacy ] ( dxdiag.exe lets me disable `` directdraw '' , `` direct3d '' and `` agp acceleration '' ( i 'm not sure about the last point ) . but disabling it every time the game is played is not an option , except for doing it programmatically , but trying to do so just re-infused my hatred against win32 programming .
, debian 6.0 64bit
it seems better today . go figure .
it is just the hdd , nothing else powering up or turning on and is definitely shutdown : )
double checked , i am sure terminations are correct .
i 'm using google 's dns servers . i 've now switched back to isp 's ones . reporting later .
same - no output after the second pipe .
yes . i already restarted and test it .the page remained the same language `english`
its maybe related with uac
i have tried dns flush and updating my graphic drivers , adobe flash player.problem remains same .
well , it 's a screwless case , and the card did n't fit in snugly enough for me to pull the case 's thing over the card to lock the card in place . so the card did n't fit in nicely in that sense . and when i tried to pull the card out it was very stiff i was a bit worried for the computer 's pci slot .
edit : .iso is not 15 gigs , the `` install space required '' is 15 gigs . > . < .iso itself is still being downloaded , but should n't be *that* much .
, i did n't found a solution for this . i just test today ( ubutnu 13.08 ) and already happens .
that 's a good question quack . right now i 've managed to get qemu running though with arch linux . i 'll also investigate cygwin then return with my findings . either way i 'll get this answered ( on superuser ) in the next few days .
my question is `` where is the empty space ? '' ! ! !
thanks . i updated my op above . does it help ? sorry , but i 'm an amateur , so what does 'a local copy ' mean ? i see all my emails in outlook , but they also exist in the online email client ( for hotmail , my work account ) .
i mean i shut it down and hear the pc start ( i think it starts and stays in sleep mode immediately ) . i will check power on lan ... is it possible to use power on lan from the internet ?
unfortunately i only have 1 network in my home and do n't have another network to test with .
i delete it , but the folder is recreated when i reboot the computer
i set swappiness to 1 because the internet told me so . and i do n't hibernate . whenever i open system monitor , it says i am using 0 bytes of swap .
several keys on the right part of the keyboard .
, and how can i fix this
sorry i fixed it .
thomas - i think you are on to something . updated question with screenshots of permission / security settings .
i 'm not sure what you mean ... i will be in a new place that offers wifi , and wonder if my own router can piggyback off that to serve my own devices . if you mean would i still want to use the wireless on my router , then perhaps , for my laptop anyway .
i forgot about that . it is cmder , and as your tips i changed the font , now it display things perfectly . thank you .
sure , anythingg
i 'm just using a host name ( i.e . www.yahoo.com ) . i think i tried once with an ip address , and it also worked , but am not sure . will try now . yeah , just successsfully pinged yahoo 's ip , so that is working .
she does not appear in the explorer , and i ca n't assign it a letter in the disk manager
in vlc , the video is smooth playing , but pixelated when running in fullscreen mode . vlc does n't have the key commands available when running in fullscreen mode either .
dear friend , first , thank you for the interest . here is what i meant by autostart : the file located at /etc/xdg/lxsession/lxde/autostart i hope this helps you helping me out ! !
mvim is macvim . i installed it through homebrew on mac os x mavericks
i did n't install network manager but in fact relinux changes something when create a live cd from existing installation . it thinks that network manager is installed in os system even if it is n't . does network manager change interfaces depending on where live cd is loading from ?
: but i do n't have any system instability . the only time i have any issues are when i download stuff . also , it happens on my smartphone too when i update my apps ... some of the packages download corrupted and have to be re-downloaded .
i 'm parsing a very large xml file and i have the memory so i figure i 'll use it . i 'll rewrite the script to parse it in segments in the future . right now i just need it to work .
i have .exe file . in the target field , i have : [ '' c : /..path/file1.exe '' -wr '' d : \path2\folder '' -wuname -winame -wpname ] i 'm just trying to understand where can i find those options ?
i really fail to see the logic in that . consider the following scenario : i 've just downloaded an album that has some tags that i do n't like . in order to fix them i open up mp3tag . convert them to 2.3. save them . quit mp3tag . open the file in windows explorer and then edit the mp3 tags . next time i download something , repeat the process . why not just use mp3tag to edit the tags while i 'm in there ? your first solution made a lot more sense to me . if i was regularly changing the same files , then it would make sense to convert them , but in what situation would i be doing that ?
i do n't have space for a duplicate of my files .
yes , i 've been able to create reg . values using everything but a batch file .
thanks for your help . i do n't know much python . and it could be a good answer if you clarify the `` multiline editing features '' in your first comment . in my case i usually need to add 4 lines , so foo + bar1 to bar4 . it is a small string , but i 'm getting tired of doing it manually every time . it is actually a line of -long- matlab code to be applied for 5 different variables . so foo is the name of the first variable and bar 's are the other variables .
no i had completely shut down the windows system . is it possible that the filesystem had n't yet updated the change and thus can not read it ? if so can i access it somehow ? ?
i 'm glad that you 're not in charge of anything : )
firefox , on xp and ubuntu , but mainly xp .
thanks for flagging this . i have corrected it and tried different ranges but to no avail .
i want to have somthing like this to login to websites without typing the password or wothout using the feature of the browser `` save password ''
: i 'm using nautilus
# this is server to server copy ... */2 * * * * > > scp shiv @ 127.0.0.1 : ~/pictures/foobar.txt /home/shiv/desktop/expc/ > > error.logs 2 > & 1 scp echo '' this file transfer by scp '' > > error.logs #
my internet connection for now goes through an adsl phone line and that will not change for a while . since we have had quite a few power failures i had to install a second router which would act as a failsafe gsm connection device . since i could not find a router which had 3 types of connection ( adsl , gsm usb dongle , wan connection ) i had to connect 2 devices , one which acts as adsl modem and the second which acts as normal wan access router ( through the modem ) and if the wan connection is unavailable switches to the gsm connection .
windows 7 64bit
i did n't start a new session , now i did : - ) you can type this as an answer and i 'll accept it .
i have a 250mbps connection and when connecting with a new cable i get the full speed
windows . retagged to reflect this .
i dont really know ... i assume i do . i installed the openssh package which should have the server also , right ? im on arch .
windows 10 professional 64 bits
**update 1** : this happend because the status bar was disabled . solution : use menu view/status bar to enable it .
the folder '/var/lib/heartbeat/cores ' does n't exist , but the installation of heartbeat is all right , no errors occur .
, both working well
it does , yeah . i think my vps looks at `cifs.example.com` and jut decides it 's a local hostname , and gives up .
no it is not pirated .
yes it does n't matter . it is the first time i saw they point 64bit program to 32bit folder by default , so i just thought i got the wrong setup file .
he bought a retail license last year for another computer . that computer now runs linux . retail licenses can be moved to another system so this is legit .
on my /home at my local disk
xbmc via xbmcbuntu
their network/internet to dial out ? how can i do this ? is
quixote : agreed.. i was definitely on a rant , and perhaps some other stuff , when i wrote that . i 've added a synopsis in the form of a question .
sorry i have transposed the full text statement the card is ( as the title states ) a gt640
wrote a clarification note for the question , perhaps you could elaborate on how i can achieve that ? be it with one card or multiple ones , or what ever other method there is , the important part is that the clients have to seemingly connect to their best connection ( 2.4/5 11b/11g/11n ) without extra input from the user using the same ssid . thanks for the help so far !
`no proprietary drivers are in use on this system.` = (
i use gnome , but apps from kde are also ok .
and when i create , for example a windows 98 vhd , it can boot into it ? ( i mean , start the boot process ) . i have a 1tb portable hdd and i need to make it a rescue hdd for bios and uefi
reading a similar question which also suggest using routers . any idea of the steps ? i 'm really quite clueless when it comes to networking , although i could follow a good tutorial/manual .
unfortunately it does n't - good thought though !
essentially multiply the zero , or just simply output zero .
added fdisk -l
yes i did but it did not help .
edit 1 : after i delete the bt5 partition how do i extend the partition to use the empty space or does it happen automatically ?
my laptop installation of
i do use levelling , and i would like levelling to honour the preferrence . i can achieve this by setting start-to-start , which means b must not start before a and since they 're by the same resource , it must start later . but if i later reassign one of them to a different resource , it messes up further planning .
would prefer a local option , if there is one .
currently i am on version 12.0.742.122 , but i first noticed this in the first release .
it is what the laptop says on the license key sticker . a dell pc would say `` windows 8.1 for dell ''
no but why does that matter ? it 's not about the usb mouse ...
i have installed adobe flash because it was required , but as far as i have known , youtube is using html5 video if your browser supports it and i am with the latest version of chrome for ubuntu .
nothing , actually . i do n't have that key in the registry at all . i 'm assuming that *hkcr* means *hkey_classes_root* . in fact , i made a search for *mailto* and there 's only one reference , in *protocol\_handler_\mailto* with *clsid* set to a guid . what does it tell us ?
i tried with both firefox and chrome , from different machines with different oses ( windows 8 and linux ubuntu 14.04 ) , no luck .
you misunderstood me . i already have a list of clsid ( from the sources you indicated in your answer ) . i 'm looking at the registry keys to gather info about these clsid , for example , their name , localized name and icon file/index ( this is used to build menus with icons , and localized name ) . my question is : from the 5 different sets of keys about these clsids , which one should i rely on to make sure the info is valid on the largest number of host machines .
to be clear , i 'm not asking if i can somehow shoehorn two 2.5 '' drives into a single bay , replace an optical drive with an additional hdd , or anything like that . what i have in mind is a single 2.5 '' -form-factor device that houses two independent hard drives , with separate housings ( likely ) and distinct controllers . probably all they 'd need to share is the power & sata connections . probably no such thing exists , but because i know there exist hard drives the physical size of a stack of postage stamps ( roughly ) , i have to ask .
the point is to get the emails specifically into gmail because i like/need a lot of the features it has . i 'm not using a client , just the web interface . i have no special access to the university 's email system , just access to a server which could run some software to access the emails and forward them ( if i knew how to do that ! ) .
anytime any file is opened whether it be an image or pdf
, it reports : hadoop @ city-ubuntu : /home/city $ xhost +city no protocol specified no protocol specified xhost : unable to open display `` :0.0 ''
yes i think i promoted comp1 to a domain controller . [ ad users and computers ] (
fixed now . see mso for the long answer . $ sign needs to be replaced with % 24 for some reason .
it is 127.0.1.1. i have setup 127.0.0.1 to point to `localhost` , not to hostname . i think any would work , as it cares to resolve the hostname and it is checking the `etc/hosts` file .
i 've edited the post for clarification . jscott so according with your data , i should n't have any problem with this configuration : 2x2gb ( 800mhz ) .
no . i do n't . okay . will do that . and let you know if i run into more problems .
for clarification purposes , my cellphone service provider is ice and is located in costa rica , central america .
it does ? o.o i would think it would be a standard that all clients follow . i use apple mail , in any case .
- i was just thinking the same , so i rebooted , but i still get the apache page . the weird thing was that the apache welcome page remained up while i was rebooting . could it be that the server is behind some kind of proxy which runs an apache server ?
ports are not forwarding . there 's no traffic through the access rule . i want to port forward for traffic that comes from the at & t ; modem .
yes ... how long the disk is mounted
on what application and os does it work fine for you ? for now , i can only upload screenshots of how the mystery paragraph mark is interpreted differently on textedit and on libreoffice . i only have access to ms word at the office , so i can not convert the files until i get back there .
as far as i 'm aware , the desktop directory is n't created until first login . makes sense i guess .
on the screen i am moving the layer with text `` begin . '' and photoshop shows the grey border around this layer . does this make it clearer ?
basically there 's only the os on that drive . i tried to access the drive via a live usb installation . ubuntu apparently could n't handle the geforce 580 and froze . tried knoppix which did n't recognize neither mouse nor keyboard . i finally decided to format the drive and reinstall windows . this is when i found out that my former ssd drive with the os ( c : ) on it , is now to be found under the drive letter f : . what 's going on here ? `dir` seems to work now .
yes , i am . am i wrong in thinking that the messaging app is the same as live messenger ?
because i have in my house one unplugged internet cable and i want to plug it in . and my isp only grants access for specified mac addresses . that 's why i need to do this .
thanks ! i checked the device manager and their my pen drive was showing with ' ? ' mark . i installed the driver again by right clicking properties and it 's detecting now .
edit : xp pro , sp3 . i do n't upgrade . they seem to be just added features pushed onto my program . i get a new tab in firefox telling me that there is ( are ) a new feature ( s ) . then for at least a few days the computer just randomly does a hard close . the other programs i generally have running are outlook , vbuzzer ( net phone ) and sometimes utorrent . i used to think it was caused by outlook , but , when i use chrome or ie , i do not have the same problems .
: yes you are missing something big . if i boot it again to disable the policy , the page file is `` dirty '' again . hence , no need to enable the policy the first time around , because rebooting into the system will undo the effect . wiping the page file only ever makes sense if the system is left offline afterward ( for compaction/archiving in my case ) .
i also thought about that but may be there 's another way without creating files
yes , i eventually figured it out thanks
in reponse to the comment , these are my assumptions : 1. cds are ( nearly ) always of the same size , 700mb . ( they used to be 650 , and there are rare exceptions of 800mb , but neither are common today ) . 1. canonical creates isos that aim to reach the broadest possible audience , so they create 700mb isos . 1. the iso files from assumption 2 , should be burnable onto discs in assumption 1. yet i find myself with a very small difference between disc size and file size , that i ca n't explain , mostly because my 700mb discs ca n't actually fit a 700mb file .
not sure . i 'll check that out .
make a folder on the desktop , double click on it , minimize it , double click on the desktop icon again , now you have 2 , whereas it would be nice if it was smart enough to realize that the first one was already open .
my ssd is not even a year old how could it be dead already ? and i mean it was working yesterday with no issues .
tried that : gives ` # n/a` as answer , also tried `=sum ( if ( iserror ( p2 : p453 ) ,0 , p2 : p453 ) ) ` which gives `0` as an answer . solved it in the mean time : different separator char on the mac . do n't you love that : - )
sorry , i wrote about `` secure '' , because i thougth u will ask `` did you off secure boot . at previous version of bios wat option `` raid 0 '' / '' hide '' . i think it was foe stock ssd , which had two disks in raid 0 massive . when i hid it - windows began boot from hdd connected to blu-ray sata port . i think , it can work , if i try to recover stock bios . i dont see any other ways .
, right now all the calls goto extension 2001 automaticall . if that one does not answer it is directed to another extension , which terminates there . i have freepbx installed with asterisknow . i have access to all the setup
> **possible duplicate : ** > [ why does starting up while cold make a laptop run slowly until i restart it after it & rsquo ; s warmed up ? ] ( )
it is very slow compared to latex .
`` repairing '' a file only gives you an unstyled file with the values from the file . it works perfectly without repairing if opened in a separate instance of excel ( or opened by someone else ) . dde is unchecked .
yes , i think the problem is in visual basic..
the value of the variable .
ah sorry , when i originally had tried to accept it enough time had n't passed yet and then i just forgot .
; edit : files that should generally not be messed with , changed or removed ; the files that make up basic windows os functions and are not related to the users programs or documents .
i 've added both % path % as correctly suggested . if we compare them they look almost the same except the `` open command window here '' version display environment variables as such and not their value ( ( id . ` % programfiles ( x86 ) % ` instead of `c : \program files ( x86 ) ` as in the ( working ) standard console ) .
i do n't want just to print some text or picture on the display . i want to play videos on it . there is number of disadvantages with software solution . 1. i would need extra hw ( my own low resolution graphic card ) . which would be time consuming . 2. i would need to write my own driver for my `` graphic card '' . i do n't have skill to write such driver . and if i 'm right writing driver for eighter linux or windows is not easy task .
i did n't think i 'd have to turn on bitlocker again . so if i format the drive with builtin format tool , do i have to turn bitlocker on again ?
ramhound - two days with no sound whatsoever , but before that intermittently on and off problems for six weeks .
i have no clue what i 'm doing and no one has a dummies guide . i find linux much less accessible than any other tech i 've worked with . i just imagined it would be compiled already to use either amd or nvidia opencl drivers .
i tried in two environments , one with proxy one without , i got same problem here . the one with proxy is a system proxy all my browsers ie/ff/chrome use it and only ff does not work . update , i disabled proxy in ff and it worked ! ! ! do n't understand why ie and chrome use same proxy still work .
windows xp or ubuntu
correct . ( ) ( ) ( )
daniel is correct
i do n't know , is there a good way to tell ?
i uninstalled switcher the usual way , from programs and features ( add/removes programs ) . i 'm really not sure what the other one was , it 's just called `` program '' . i think it was a console program that i simply deleted .
in windows 8 never but in windows 7 two days ago before i move on to windows 8 it was working like a bebe : d
it 's something you run within outlook ( just a button in a menu ) that reduces the size of the pst file . just a simple maintenance routine . it may not have anything to do with the problem , but i thought it was worth mentioning .
no , the cell is not merged
we got it in february or march , 2013 .
updates : based on the comments and answers , here is some more information : [ root @ te-srv2 ~ ] # traceroute 132.70.6.157 traceroute to 132.70.6.157 ( 132.70.6.157 ) , 30 hops max , 60 byte packets 1 te-srv2 ( 132.70.6.157 ) 0.082 ms 0.007 ms 0.005 ms [ erelsgl @ erel-biu ~ ] $ traceroute 132.70.6.157 traceroute to 132.70.6.157 ( 132.70.6.157 ) , 30 hops max , 60 byte packets 1 te-srv2 ( 132.70.6.157 ) 0.446 ms ! x 0.431 ms ! x 0.420 ms ! x [ root @ te-srv2 ~ ] # netstat -lnp|grep http tcp 0 0 : ::443 : : : * listen 5756/httpd
i will be extra careful then . i am just thinking from a security point of view and just want to experiment with this .
first is `source sans pro`
no problem ... i will post the hex on pastebin right here :
# # # i am basically looking for an interactive version of the map shown below . ! [ enter image description here ] [ 1 ] [ 1 ] :
thank you . that did it . it was vimium 's 'vomnibar ' . unfortunately it does n't look like there 's a way to disable that .
: i want ncq .
anderson this is a special server for only one user working remotely on graphic things . it must be set to that way to increase performance for 3d job .
my processor is a core i7-2860qm cpu @ 2.5 ghz .
i have the opening and closing price of a stock ( i hid a bunch of rows ) , i only want the opening and closing data for one day per month ( preferably the last one that the market is open ) .
yes the the policy is enable for the user . i am using service account which have full permission .
we tried 3 different psu 's with no success .
let me know if the new link works . i do n't know why the first was n't working for you . it worked for me in an incognito window .
, yes , i have sudo access .
i 'm adding a new modem ( a usb datacard ) . the steps are the same as you would install any other modem . but for this that com port list is empty for some reason . how do i make it populate ? ( it 's a brand new window install if it matters , and the modem shown already in the list is working fine , but i do n't need it )
yes , fglrx . rhel5 : linux2.6.18-53.1.14.el5 # 1 i686 athlon i386 gnu/linux
thanks , yes i tried to remove it in finder and using `mv` . finder gives the -43 error and mv gives the error `` file not found '' .
: it does n't matter which one spikes ( although it 's usually firefox ) .
not sure what good it 'll do , but here you go .
i 'm trying not to use oobe , i want to boot from a usb drive to install the image . but if i boot the factory-installed windows by accident , i 'm stuck in the windows setup with no way to shut down .
i have seen but that question is about eye strain : they all just make the pixels 'dark ' rather than the backlight . i want to set the screen backlight to zero , to save battery life .
edit : ok , everyone , really sorry for the confusion . i am new here . to clear my motive , i am trying to create a bootable usb windows 8 installer to install windows 8 consumer preview ( which apparently requires a product key , something i dont have ) so that i can use it later to install windows 8 cp on my mac book air . using bootcamp , according to what i have read and tried , is not an option . as suggested , i tried using boot camp utility to prepare the usb drive , but unfortunately , that simply isnt working and i cant troubleshoot it .
... ... ... ... cs5
**update 2 : ** do i need to set up an apache server on the local machine that i install filezilla as well ? if so how do i go about it ?
i 'm sorry i 'm just now responding to your reply . i just got the email notification a cpl hours ago . the main pc i use for printing has a 2.53ghz celeron w/ 960mb ram . the hard drive shows 35.9gb free of 76.6gb total . i have 618 files in my windows/fonts folder . as you say , a 64-bit system would solve the font clutter , but i ca n't use anything newer than xp b/c the main print prog i use ( microsoft pictureit publishing 2001 ) supports nothing newer . for my purposes , no other prog works as well . imho microsoft does n't seem to know when they 've actually got something right .
tried ! throws the same error
because the other question has an accepted answer that i do not find satisfactory , and so it is less likely to attract a good answer . i also believe the practice of closing original questions in favor of dupes discourages people from writing good original questions and doing proper research before asking .
: w7 home premium
either vista or windows 7. if there 's a windows 7-only solution , i 'd still like to know . thanks .
i was trying to restore my boot partition . i rebooted , then this .
i find cdrtools to be simple , fast , and elegant and all i want is a front end to use them for ripping mp3s .
, is it clear enough ?
here 's a screenshot
i did try updating them automatically using nvidia 's service , it 's a geforce 8400 gs
7z.exe a -tzip output.zip dirname
the actual application of this is that i installed a program and would like to move its executables to a standard folder in my $ path rather than add the installed one to the path .
this is an imap account . if a reasonably coherent solution exist for both pop3 and imap , it will be even better .
actually , the edition is probably ultimate , but it is displayed as enterprise . definitely , i remember i did install the english first , and then i switched to czech .
it was completely untouched .
i got microsoft security essentials . it 's always enabled , but i never gotten a warning message about viruses or malware . the first time this ever started was when the login screen would n't come up after waking up the laptop , so i had to do an improper shutdown by holding down the power button .
besides unpacking the new version , what would be the cleanest way to of manually upgrading these packages ? this is a great opportunity for me to be forced to update such services without the automation ( and depravity ) of yum update and apt-get update commands . possible approach : 1 ) unpack software 2 ) compile/install 3 ) ensure all pointers are pointing to new daemon
it 's the logo you see with the loading animation when the operating system starts .
edit : it 's doing this with our without quotes around it , and the other example of a subdirectory ` '' xmlfiles\its '' ` is being left alone .
: well , it solves one or several cases of the reason why i would want to run a range manually . thanks for that . ill look into anacron . this is just a temporary fix though , until my new os is ready that will make anything cron obsolete anyway .
at first i did disconnect it from the network but she would n't stop whining . i tried malwarebytes thing , avg and panda .
: no , but you 're close : p it 's not an embarrassing website , i just prefer to give as few details as possible when it 's someone else 's privacy .
i 'm not sure ... the sticker on the bottom of the mouse is a bit worn ...
win xp on both computers - one has wireless , one does n't
i did the bootable usb on my laptop which still has windows on it . i simply downloaded the windows iso and used the official microsoft usb tool to make the bootable usb . so basically , it should be bootable . but i ca n't find it in the bios of my pc .
no , it got worse ( e.g. , started loosing internet connectivity regularly , lost dhcp/dns configuration ) . i replaced it with an asus rt-ac66r . that got us back onto the internet in about 1/2 hour leaving a few issues which have now been resolved .
: pc suite .
adblock plus , automatic save folder , download statusbar , downthemall , easy dragtogo , extended copy menu , favicon picker 3 , flashgot , google gears , greasemonkey , java console , logmein remote access plugin , menu editor , mouse gestures redox , noscript , organize status bar , read it later , session manager , stylish , tab kit . but the problem does still happen in safe mode , with extensions disabled .
adobe flash player site says that i have flash player already built into my chrome . how do the described problems refer to java ?
**edit : ** kruug asking which band i was in set me in the right direction - turns out there 's more space in 6-9ghz : ) thanks !
yes i used bootcamp . the fusion drive has been recreated/fixed several time since then .
users cant see windows desktop . i mean a program runs on startup and users use this application to select movie and show it . they can just turn system off by a switch on main rack that disconnect main electric power to pc .
if yes , then
: no they can only ping my laptop , even after changing the dns back to 192.168.1.1 .
then ok , but it 's not exciting way of doing that .
i meant setting it up , really , but i found the answer myself .
right , i want to show some indication of what program is running or was run in each tabs . also , the solution given in the other post does n't work for bash + iterm2 .
i 'd need
- i am using win 7 64 bit . infected by some trojan which appeared randomly . paid , updated antivirus could not even detect it ... but thats not uncommon . one could drop a rootkit on a system and watch the activities leisurely without harming the system or degrading performance . the user will be blissfully ignorant . maybe that could be the case for you . i suggest that you check your system..just to be sure .
dont know , i was not paying much attention to it before .
no , sunday to thursday - that 's the work week in israel .
any protocol that is fast enough would be perfectly acceptable , asking for ssh was through to my own inexperience with any other . ( i have use remote-control systems like teamviewer and logmein but they are horrendously slow ) .
tried that too bro . not working . from jack you mean the pins which get connected to battery when its plugged ? they are fine
yeah , but it 's property of company , not my own box . any solution to figure out what 's up without upgrading ? thx
it means that if i select an option from the drop down menu , the corresponding columns are not clearing the texts within them .
sometimes , as in my case , it never does.. or it crashes the app trying to display it , which also happens to some apps but i forgot to mention .
both very good answers . pyschogeek , i would like your comment promoted to answer so i can accept it .
have tried turning cleartype on and off and it does n't seem to make a difference .
- i am asking whether a wireless client and connect to a wireless repeater . based on my understanding of paul 's reply below , yes it is possible .
m - it is n't specific to a make and model but rather generally .
i 'm using integrated graphics and both my [ motherboard ] ( and cpu specify that they support dual and even triple screens .
works in the same way or at least with no noticiable difference
so , may you be a windows expert knowing exactly what is the code behind uac , please be so kind to tell whether or not am i right in my guess and how to implement the solution .
anything is fine .. but i just want to creat the boot disk for dual
it 's running on win7 hp , sp1 . second monitor on hdmi , both are 1920x1080
i 'll give it a try .
edit : those are sreenshots , from the pics , everything looks ok except transfer rate ? ? ! [ alt text ] [ 1 ] ! [ alt text ] [ 2 ] ! [ alt text ] [ 3 ] ! [ alt text ] [ 4 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] : [ 3 ] : [ 4 ] :
this problem was cleaned up only by a reinstallation of windows 10 on the affected system .
i wanted to add some images to post but it did n't allow me ... it says `` mpeg1 layer3 ( mp3 ) '' for codec in properties window
i was transferring about 40gb of files at once at about 40 megabytes per second . that 's about 320mbps right ? i started streaming some music and basically it locked up my whole network . had to hard reset and such to get everything back up again . basically , i want a way to throttle the connection speed for my server unless someone has a better idea of what to do .
i didnt manually create an image backup . where can i check if there is any image backup is there .
i want a spare adapter from hp , but in order to order it i must identify the precise type of power supply that i have . the hp site does not tell exactly what power adapter my laptop has ( weird , i know , if you have tips in that area please tell me ) .
by `` title bar '' , you mean the bar at the very top of the window , where it says `kvb net-banking` ? right clicking that gives nothing .
magicandre1981 , yes i 've got mse . i tried disabling it but that did n't help either .
ok thanks guys added a link to a screenshot of my command history .
dvi ( 1 single , 1 dual ) on pc ( amd video ) and unknown laptop internals on the laptop ( intel video ) .
no , it could be random . `` foldername '' can go up to `` foldername50 '' which contains a `` files '' folder . inside `` files '' contains either a .mkv , .avi , or .mp4 .
trust me , there is basically no way to reproduce the problem . this is n't any simple problem that could be solved by changing some settings in output or something like that ... the problem is , as i said , that i have damaged the hw itself , basically almost destroyed the jack for input . so the contacts and stuff are messed up , but in linux there was a way to do a workaround to make it work . while in windows it looks like it just doesnt detect the jack at all . that 's why i am asking if someone knows about some low-level controller . the laptop is acer aspire 4750g
my mistake.your right . i had bookmarked the light version . full version saved now . we just got new computers with all new software and switched from lotus notes . finally out of the 90 's ! thank you for your time .
: i changed the ownership of the drive to administrators .
to get out or is this shell dead
yes the two 6-pin cables for the video were plugged in . the weird thing is i get this beep sequence with the card removed . and i know the card works for sure .
bingo . i had never heard of form fillers . i installed `` auto-fill forms '' for firefox , and it did the trick . could you please add your comment as an answer so i can close this question .
no . it 's the full version
also , i ca n't change the screen brightness from the brightest , wasting my battery life when not plugged in . additionally , it hurts my eyes , and i have to switch to high contrast black to minimize the effects . ( as i said above , the limitations presented here are *examples* . there are more limitations besides the five that i listed here . ) how can i enable features like those in windows server 2012 r2 ?
no - a by-product of the text editor i was using at the time .
. **do note that i am not asking what the question mark means . ** i am asking how i can make my cd/dvd drive work under such circumstances . the question is where else can i look for possible reasons that cause it to not work even though device manager says its working . as far as i know , media drives does n't require drivers and i cant find one for this drive anyway
it does n't say if it 's input or output , but i do n't have any other slots . does that mean it 's not possible to capture anything with this tv ?
i 've read through that a few times now . // i have also gone through 3 iso 's , i will keep trying new ones . i will try and find the mode of my sata
, i tried . i think the zeros change the symbols though in general ( 0963,963 )
i 've already checked . to be more specific the program is quark army knife . technically the software renderer works but the far distance is unbearable then , and opengl requires that dwm is disabled to work correctly or i get this strange effect where the back of a cube seems to be going through the front of it . the issue is known but has n't been fixed .
i actually played with hubs . netgear is actually a switch : gs108na . it used to be in living room and wifi ap was connected to it and dell was in closet . i flipped them and also replaced netgear with new one .
i 'll post a screenshot when i get to work tomorrow morning .
. thanks for your views . dg i am talking is not the gateway address got to the router from wan port . this is an gateway address that can be advertised to lan dhcp clients . there is an option to configure dg along with lan ip address and dhcp pool on the router . so is is correct that this dg must also be advertised to lan clients in the dhcp offer message ?
not a laptop , about 3 years old i think , and the problem was the power supply . replacing it seems to have fixed it .
just updated the post with the data you requested : - )
hmm vpn may actually be a solution if i find the server with a static ip . thanks . i will check that
it is in `/f $ /logs/dev.log` . solve the problem using `wget` , thanks anyway !
i alternate between terminal and gui vim - i 'd like both to work .
all pings are to the ips and not host names .
yes : ( i mentioned that above ... absolutely nothing seems to work
: reiserfs . i mentioned ...
**update** : i do n't see any null characters in either file . i found some extended characters in the .cpp file ( in a comment block ) , removed them , but `file` still reports the same encoding . i 've tried forcing the encoding in slickedit , but that did n't seem to have an effect . when i open the file in `vim` , i see a ` [ converted ] ` line as soon as i open the file . perhaps i can get vim to force the encoding ?
oh , thanks . i was guiding myself with the upgrade assistant , which claimed it to be incompatible . i 'll try the update soon .
no , systems such ms windows and mac os x depend on hardware .
, yes , i did try running `hd tach` in compatibility mode , and the application opened , but it did **not** see my network drives , nor some of my other external drives .
i do n't know . i 'm just copying and pasting . i 've tried some of the paste special option but i do n't want the word doc embedded or a picture .
i have 3 4gb crucial ballistix sports ram . the motherboard contains 4 slots .
, @ musicfreak : if you have crt monitors or have a low resolution , the ones on the left may look too blurry . otherwise , they better reflect the size of the font . look at how the thickness of the lines in the right image suddenly jump from 1px to 3px as you increase the font size . this is also bad when it is being projected . the text does n't become more readable as you increase the font size until it is too big ( when it jumps to 3px ) .
yes i 've changed the value 3 times , still its not working
it 's a keystone jack , then i plug in patch cables to both ends .
windows 7 64-bit
yes . that what i want to do .
not at all , it 's a normal cheap vps , you can connect to it from any ip or ssh . thanks for the help .
yes , the highlights also appeared in acrobat reader
i do n't know of that ? how can the command you mentioned be used to achive my mission ?
beck , `` other platforms '' ... @ grawity , i mean sftp , not ftp tunnelled over ssh .
yes i have seen it . but in another case i had p=xxxx instead of p=i686-pc-linux-gnu . what would i do in that case ?
microsoft office professional plus 2013 .
i tried purging too : > $ sudo apt-get purge [ sudo ] password for droogans : reading package lists ... done building dependency tree reading state information ... done you might want to run 'apt-get -f install ' to correct these . the following packages have unmet dependencies : hunspell-en-us : conflicts : openoffice.org-core ( < = ) but 1:3.2.1-7ubuntu1.1 is installed e : unmet dependencies . try using -f. > $ sudo apt-get purge -f this last command did n't do anything different as well . think it 's time to uninstall openoffice , and the 15+ packages that are going down with it ?
windows 8.1 pro 64-bit , office home and business 2013
here are screenshots of relevant panels , as requested : ! [ region and language ] [ 1 ] -- - ! [ text services and input languages ] [ 2 ] **note : ** strange thing is everything seems to work as expected today , even if i do not recall changing anything since yesterday . did the system need a restart to actualize settings ? anyways problem seems solved . sorry for the noise . [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
hi , thanks for taking an interest . on my developer pc i am using quad core . on my test user he is using duo ( which has the higher cpu usage )
windows 8.1. oddly it does not give any information about the edition .
i download it from the hume website
adding the example as you requested !
davr , it happens on both 7 and vista
both scripts are in the same folder . if i target sort.sh from deluge , it 's works .
how can i know ?
the robots software does n't work in safe mode , that is one of the difficulties
i know that , it 's not the case for my isp . internet is slow in general , i just use torrents as a general measurement .
it does not have drop box installed .
there is only one option and if i manually select it the correct os boots . i have one ssd internally connected and try to boot the hdd which is connected via an usb port
+1 that is a fantastic suggestion , thank you ! ( even if i ended up using comments ) . for anyone who sees this later , you can set text to hidden by selecting the text - > right clicking - > font - > tick hidden
after restarting it again , the problem seems to have vanished .
connected the keyboard to a different computer
i would say nothing , but i did some tests now and it showed the same problem with blender at `` high priority '' ( before i only tested normal priority )
yes all on one vm . just for demo 's and it 's about 50 gbs
the point is , the error happened from the first second on . the performance index did fail from the very first try , before i had installed software , but i did not think it to be anything important , so i ignored the failing performance test .
do n't know , but fortunately i do n't think questions necessarily lose much value from being `` closed '' . it 's still there ( not deleted thankfully ) and if there 's anything to add to the question or to an answer , then you could add a comment.. the fact that new answers ca n't be posted wo n't kill it .
good question..i guess it 's saved in the registry . is there anywhere else windows stores such config data..i think not !
beck : i want to compress client-side , then encrypt client-side , then transmit .
what features will i miss out on if i do this ?
not the exact wording ( i proceeded though the warning ) , but it was something along `` your password is too simple . it is based on a dictionary word '' .
ours is a jee web application running under tomcat . i seem to like the idea by @ marcel to periodically log the processes .
yes , i 've left it unplug for over 30mins and nothing . i 'll trying the bios jumper reset . as of right now it just seem dead . the fans do n't event power up .
this is not wireless connection . i ca n't ping anything but the local network and the machines on it . that sounds like a router problem , but why does it always start working again when i reboot the pc ?
arjan , how i have shown it in the example is how i would like it to be . in other words , in targetdir , the dir2/file2 is a link pointing to the other file2 within targetdir , specifically to targetdir/dir1/file2 .
you can see the errors coming . so , want to make standalone
yeah . but my os was win 8.1 pro 64bit . then i formatted my pc to win 7 ultimate . it worked when it booted for the first time . then when i restarted it , no display on my monitor .
english ui and english/hebrew input
edit : hmmm , it looks like i actually have a linux kernel installed too , but no root filesystem ( so no other programs besides busybox ) .
, the reason why is that there are several columns with formulas that have been added to `s2` in between the same columns that are in `s1` . other than these columns , the structure of the two sheets is the same . if i just paste the data as-is , it overwrites the formula columns and does n't get entered into the correct columns .
the thing that i know is that when i set the router to bridge mode , then it will act as a modem . and i need to place it in both location , so 2 their will be 2 modem . then how can i use 1 modem in that case ! if my point not clear yet , the only thing that i need is to use the existing rj11 cable and connect to my switch in one end and the other to pc . how to do it ? this is all what i want : )
we need all four events but to differ between logout and shutdown are most essential for us .
yes , it currently has the windows home server software
i am using windows 7
i forget this issue still was unanswered . i had figure it out and it 's like arya s. had said in another comment . i had disabled the jump list .
i 'm planning to use ntfs . mostly because i need compatibility with a windows os , so i discarded native linux / unix fss . although if partitioning is recommended i may end up having a fat32/ntfs for compatibility reasons and a unix or linux native partition as the main one .
. what is causing this , and how can i fix it ?
i cant imagine changing the pathing of one item snow balled into all this . and even if it did i dont know how to fix it
7 is what i 'm on but i 'm under the impression the dual program files folders are present on other 64-bit versions of windows as well .
the underlying issue is known ( http call from https > > xss ) , but will take time to get resolved by the it department . in the meantime we have a workaround in chrome to `` load unsafe script '' ( but we do n't seem to be able to do something similar in google chrome frame running inside ie8 . is something similar possible ?
i suspected the router too , but we have two other laptop and two phone that use the same router and they have n't had any problems . what else could i do to rule out the router ?
i am using windows 7
no it does not .
i am using win7 64bits os wim . host is win7 .
yes , it 's on the same drive . i really do n't know how this happenned . maybe when i was partitionning the drive again ( deleted the ancient system partition and i recreated it ) . maybe the other one switched to c : / at this moment , but so why is n't it d : / for the new one ?
nope . will boot into recovery mode off a windows install dvd but i do n't know how you slipstream drivers into a separate windows install having done so .
it 's mac os x 10 ... ms office 2011
i clarified my question now .
i guess i do n't know if i can . this is in a script being run on startup of an aws ec2 server . does cd work in a bash script ?
-- update -- when i do `nano ~/.bash_profile` i see # the next line updates path for the google cloud sdk . source '/users/myuser/google-cloud-sdk/path.bash.inc' # the next line enables bash completion for gcloud . source '/users/myuser/google-cloud-sdk/completion.bash.inc' where in there should i add export path=~/bin : $ path
b2 '' '' implies cell b2 is occupied with information , in this case , a date .
nope didnt have . but overall i think i know why the image was unmounted . thats because there is one free sata port and when i install guest additions the iso gets unmounted and after guest additions are installed and system restarted it complains that it cant find the iso . so my fault it seems . perhaps i should add one more sata port with the -- emptydrive flag . thats assuming vm additions will be mounted to the first free port and not the port that has the boot critical iso mounted . also there appears to be no way to make a specific sata controller live cd/dvd via commandline .
that works , thanks , but seems a bit of a hack . is the reason i ca n't do it properly because sysadmins do n't want users to screw up their shells ?
home made computer .
that question deals with two specific browsers . my questions is whether it can be done at the o/s level ? `` ... a utility for windows ... '' i can edit the title to make that clearer . the questions are not duplicates . kindly unflag it as a duplicate , messrs. @ dennis , luke , gareth , oktosite , and tog .
, he is using zyxel p-660w t1 v3
i have done a full reboot of the computer . the new sound is still listed in the options dialog , but it still plays the default sound for a message .
added to the question .
it 's an advent laptop , not too sure on the model .
oh ! yes , i 'm sorry , , never knew sudo and su are different , , yes i checked , i was doing su with the new users , and once i enter root 's pwd , i gain root access ! so , is that how it 's made to function ? but i need to block users from able to su/sudo both . how can i do that ? should i change the title of this post ? thanks mattias . thanks a lot for helping me .
it always appear on my screen
to a 3.0 , if i 'm not misstaken . i think this laptop has only 3.0 ports ( and only two of them , thus hub )
( i 'm on osx )
i copeid a shape containing several textboxes and rectangles , arrows ... etc , while the text boxes contained some text in arabic scripts ...
i tried iceteareplacer but it does n't seem to work with .xlsm files . the excelpipe 30-day trial version does the trick , but unfortunately is n't free .
agreed , into the trash it goes ; d .
interestingly , so far i have n't had any more bsods . i am not sure if that is just by chance or not , but as soon as i get any more bsods i will investigate further . thanks for asking .
word opens links correctly in firefox
no , it 's part of safari , has been for years . if you do n't have the button , just go `` file > open in dashboard ... ''
( and sometimes more )
: yes , i am using windows 8.1 enterprise 64bit edition .
: it never even gets to the windows boot logo . : (
- correct . it 's not a connector issue .
you 're right ! i have fixed the typo in the question
i see this both in tmux 1.3 and 1.6 , using iterm2 . i 've updated the question to make it more clear - i think you should be seeing the same behavior . it 's best to have a scrollback buffer of > 2 screens to see what i mean .
it has , i have upvoted it . will wait a little longer before i accept it as an answer as i 've seen mentioned somewhere that my goal is somehow achievable without macros , so maybe someone will come and describe it .
i will accept answers when i have time .
yes , for every encoding . no matter what video i choose to transcode , it always is blue from now on .
i normally use adblock plus but i have removed that in case it was the problem . removal made no difference .
seriously , read the last line of the first paragraph . and like i wrote , ping can successfully ping the guest , but the browser ca n't reach it , though nginx is up and succesfully running .
i dont want one server , it makes that server work too much , reason why i wan na sepearate 2 servers . i afraid that isp wont provide me 2 static ips . any way else ? 2 servers , 2 domains but 1 static ip
, thanks i just contacted them . i just wanted to double check if there 's anything on my end i can do before letting them take it for repair
yes that 's exactly what it states .
i have found a fix for this issue by running a registry fix from a deseret technology forum post [ here ] ( resets all the default font registry values and after a reboot everything works fine .
awesome , but it would be nice to have ability to set white color as well because window titles are not readable on darker backgrounds .
**edit : ** when ever i install windows xp service pack 3. this problem starts
i did n't do anything like that - i just run that fresh installation , run the accounting program to ensure it works , and then i put it to sleep .
. sorry , was out of town for a week for a personal emergency . `speaker-test` yielded the same result as described in the question ( not full channel isolation ; rear channels are bleeding through to the front ones ) . as soon as i can , i will post the output you requested ( ca n't access the system for the next 24 hours ) .
did not work , sadly .
. often it disconnects without detecting the ip conflict
i have an enterprise ca which is used to sign certificates . this is in the machine 's certificate store and definitely works as intended . i 'm trying to load a certificate onto factory-new cards , and i am getting the error mentioned in the post .
ah . mcs hangs too . this may be a mono issue ._ .
i 've re-installed word and created again the first caption and copy pasted it to all other equations , update `` alt+f9 '' as for the macros , also created them one more time and verified that all are saved to normal.dotm . hoping that will work ... starting to write my thesis and very concerned word will screw me up ...
i am not using `` uefi mode '' , only uefi boot menu , i use the csm ( legasy ) , . if it matters the uefi boot menu on both motherboards will boot in either legasy or uefi mode within a single instance of the uefi boot menu , and secure boot it still on , so i assume that would allow other things . the intent here is only to always be able to boot a working simple win7 ( 64bit ) partition , right from the `` bios '' even if one was fully software destroyed or when one set of hardware ( like say ssd ) would die completly .
, i using the last one at the time , v15 .
ps : i 'm using windows 10 .
i have updated my question
does it matter ? i need win8 to react on me connecting an usb device to the computer in a different way then now ( do-nothing instead of open-for-browsing ) . anyway , it 's g3 and the latest update .
do you mean universal restore ? i do n't see anything about universal driver tool on their site . i used universal restore . at the end of the restore there 's an option to load drivers . i did n't have a cd ready .
no luck with ctrl-alt-v. if i open a bran new project it will allow me to cut and paste from excel until i copy or cut once from within project , after that it will only paste what is cut or copied from within itself .
[ this piece of ... ] ( @ pete .
exact same configuration as in , one monitor connected directly to vga , second monitor connected to dp port via dp-to-vga adapter .
you are describing a problem , which can occur if local set address . but what problem can occur if all addresses , both auto and manual , are set on server ? server knows all of them . how can this lead to any problems ?
, yes . i just checked my nameserver , and i ran a dig search for the domain and both provide the correct ip address .
yes , all the other computers who connect to use this printer have no problems .
the first time it did this reboot loop , i noticed that i had n't seated the cpu cooler firmly enough . once i reseated it , same problem . then i used 99 % isopropyl alcohol and removed the old thermal grease , and replied new one on . still no luck .
no , i 'm not an administrator , nor do i have local-administrative rights .
yes , but it has been installed several times in the last few years , and never had this problem . should i remove it ?
thank you , @ fixer1234 ! i 've posted my solution as an answer .
it is not because of just want to connect to network , but i need it for my development where i am requested to have the wifi adapter present . otherwise i must reformat my pc again to install the winxp back . i ca n't do this cos i am using dual boot in my pc , it will overwrite my linux boot sector . any idea on this ?
`hkey_local_machine > software > microsoft > windows nt > currentversion > currentbuild` says `10586`
how is that even remotely duplicate ? are you guys for real ? i asked whether it 's better to have 1 single ram module or 2 ram modules . exactly what does it have to do with 4x2gb or 2x4gb ? !
thanks for the suggestion ! this is my first mac . i 'm honestly pretty new to all this stuff . could you point me to some good resources on using cron services ?
its `grails.bat`
ultimate . group policies will disable the app for all users even the administrator : s
yes , it was saved
i am using raspbian on my raspberry pi .
yes , but thanks for the advice .
rescue option boots into identical os ( same bug ) so do all the other 3 fedora instances.i am running fedora 23 workstation edition , kernel 4.2.8-300.fc23.x84_64 running gnome . live cd rescue doesnt work because it asks for a password for root in rescue mode which doesnt work . moreover single user mode doesnt work and neither does manually mounting the partition in live cd
for anyone not familiar with edible ink printing , the concept basically involves using an inkjet printer to print on a thin frosting sheet ( or rice paper ) , using food coloring instead of `` normal '' ink . many bakeries use edible ink printing to put photographic images on cakes . if you ever use normal ink in the printer , the printer is considered tainted and should no longer be used for edible printing .
edited title to be interrogative . i 'm trying to find some way to auto-indent html in sublime text .
i need to access only one computer at present . however in future i might try to connect another computer simultaneously but that is not the case right now .
folder is in shared document , we have staff and admin groupe
edit : for illustration edit 2 : for clarification : i 'm trying to use an online soundboard with pieces of speech on my computer , and i 'm trying to connect my pc output to my phone 's input for the other person ( the person i 'm calling ) to hear . i would still be able to hear the other person through my phone 's speakers . maybe there are other ways to achieve this i do not know of ?
yes , see comments above .
the local ip address . because my pc is in the same network .
i quote myself : `` open a new tab '' , `` only ... configurable ... ( single instance mode ) to bring the last tab to the foreground '' . in more words : setting `` single instance mode '' in the configuration causes `conemu` ( executed in a shell / command line ) to simply bring the window to the foreground , without opening a new tab . i need it to `` open a new tab '' . i am baffled how i failed to make this clear and would like advice on how i should have worded my question and description above to make this more clear .
in response to question , i have pinged by both ip address and hostname , no difference in ping times .
maybe because changing os 's resets all data on computers ?
: you 're right it 's linksys .
no , no encryption
, yes i am using excel 2010 as well .
but how can the tool detect what to delete if the control panel is n't even aware of it ?
yes it has the latest official firmware : 1.5.1.23735-b6a5be1
raspberry pi model b. specs :
there 's a back up option as shown in the screen shot . but i still have the cisco interface . that 's why i am not sure if dd-wrt is running or not .
error message : the version of this file is not compatible with the version of windows you 're running . check your computer 's system information to see whether you need an x86 ( 32-bit ) or x64 ( 64-bit ) version on the program , and then contact the software publisher .
hi david , actually missed your question yesterday . i have no recall of setting any speller but here on superuser , thru chrome , cole 's solution worked and still is working on `` teh '' which did just highlight . however in windows live/hotmail/outlook , `` teh '' does not highlight even though other words do ? ? hmm . the same spell menu that mentions google i attached friday comes up , so now am confused . any ideas anyone ?
no , regular hard drive . i suspected my sd card may have been causing issues , so i removed it . ( did n't do anything to its drivers though ) .
the files are windows outlook 2007 files which i drag from outlook into a windows folder to store . the files will be plain/html and will have attachments being saved as emails .
computer has a valid dhcp configuration for the network . static configuration makes no difference . virus scan is clean with up to date ( as of june 3 ) virus definitions . all drivers are up to date . device details page says it 's working properly . all windows updates installed successfully . sfc /scannow already been run with no issues . no errors in windows event log .
i was able to get to the registry from the command line . from there i was able to re-load the profile image . so yeah i would say it worked . i had to factory reboot after but the it is now up and running .
it 's quite difficult to link them as i 'm on a mobile device .
no , it has to be running for the speed to be fine .
it was n't the installer for chrome that added this extra item , it was some other 3rd party item that had nothing to do with chrome .
i downloaded latest version from their website
when i ping the server it returns an ip perfectly .
yeah ..and i want the process to be done in the order of date modified from oldest to new .
i did not change anything , and i am not sure where to look : -/
good question ! i used chkflsh to test the drive .
it happens even on by friends comp ( it has no extensions ) .
i 'm using an external 2tb hard drive , not time capsual . i do n't mind reformating the external drive , there is n't anything except the backups on it , but i am certainly not going to wipe my internal startup drive at this point .
edit : sorry for not being explicit enough . i have a mac os x host , with ubuntu server in a virtualbox guest . when i close the ubuntu server guest , i get the usual 3 options : `` save state '' , `` send shutdown signal '' , `` power off machine . '' i thought if i did `` send shutdown signal '' , my guest os would shut down , and i would be able to easily restart it in future . instead , the next time i try to revive my guest os , i find i have to reinstall the entire damn thing . what am i doing wrong ?
yes that ip is mentioned on back of modem itself , but it wont open though . i tried a direct connection as well as via wifi router
. the pretext is different for all cells but the outcome will be 7 characters long after the formula starting with the pk in the data input
i updated the post to show the permissions in `/etc/ssh/` - it looks like i do n't have a `ssh_host_ed25519_key` , though i 'm not sure what to do to get one .
are there any other third party utilities ?
damn ... spot on . zooming in to 125 % and then it displays normally . strange stuff : d
read again the hardware details i wrote in my question . i have also 46gb of continous unpartioned space . the point is one of those checks * ( i 'd like to know which one ) * fails to work whereas it should return ok and let the upgrade process to continue .
`../vlc/vlc.exe` ) **|| does n't work yet** ** ( 3 ) ** delete the internet explorer icon on the bar on the bottom of the screen ** ( 4 ) ** display every type of folder with the
executable 's `` properties '' , there is a field you can use .
****** important addition : it 's an optical mouse
not in my case . the requirements are so that i can not install that tools under windows
sorry luke , i gave up in the end after much trying . just ca n't figure out why it does n't recognise the sector as i need it to . if i try a new build from scratch ( windows 10 ? ) i will give it another go but for now just enter my pc into sleep mode instead as this is low power although not as good as irst .
after there has been a change . whats i have are the line inside a .bat file , and using task schdule in windows xp to repeat it every day .
i have attached a screen shot to the question . it is a com addin
demo3 is only used by me , and i pushed it to remote to see that graph in github
i also cleaned up the uninstall with revo uninstaller .
no duplicate , since information concerning my problem ( changing the installation path of office ) in the linked thread is wrong . see my answer for details .
i do n't have the option to boot ubuntu or windows , so i need to fix the mbr . how do i do this ?
**update : ** just performed these steps : - backed up current disk c : ( without mbr ) using true image to external hard drive - ran windows xp clean installation with deleting all partitions and creating new one . hard drive booted fine into windows gui installation ! ! ! then : - interrupted installation . - booted from true image recovery cd and restored archive of disk c to an new partition . same issue with black screen .
yes i know a little bit python but it should also work with a shell script should n't it ? i tried this but then it haves a problem with the `-type d` ` # ! /bin/sh find . -type d -print0 | while read -d $ '\0 ' file do printf `` \ '' % s\0\ '' \n '' `` $ file '' done` but i install bash now i will write back later thanks @ amr
$ range= $ sheet2.cells.item ( $ rowname+4 , $ colname+ $ k ) $ valeur= $ objexcel.worksheetfunction.match ( $ range , '' conforme '' ) $ sheet3.cells.item ( $ rowadresseip+ $ k , $ coladresseip+1 ) = $ valeur im trying to know how many times the word conforme is used in a certain column , then save the result in an other sheet
that is all sadly
update : i 'm using windows 7 on both computers , the wifi was working fine on both computers until like couple months ago when i started experiencing problems on the desktop only . all the time i 'm using wifi over the wifi device plugged in the usb drive . if anyone knows how i can check the 802.11 mode , please let me know .
it wasnt that the wintricks install failed , but the font executables that it downloads didnt ... well.. execute . arial.exe ( or whatever its called ) just hung . i dont know how to make it download the arial font , or if needs more than that ...
os x ( 10.5.8 ) iphone 3gs - 3.0.1
the dialogue appears when i turn on my computer and when i try any of the options it says it needs to restart the display . it then just stays on the startup screen ( ubuntu logo and a few dots underneath ) . i left it for quite a while and nothing happened .
b yes , /var/log/kern.log & & /var/log/nvidia-installer.log
this problem has now happened on multiple networks and i have no answer . it is a real problem for me and appears to be a mac issue , not a router issue . i also discovered that while i can not access the web , i can connect to skype ? ? ?
yes
thank you for your replies , never checked in safe mode , i have solved it - it was the sql server agent that causes the restarts . i 've disabled it from services and the problem stoped
windows 7. also , the key shortcuts do n't necessarily have to be windows key + something , could be different , but the general idea is what i 'm looking for : )
the battery does n't work anymore , so when i/someone accidentally removes the wire , then i have to wait for like 5min to use it again
because i can store a bunch of scripts on my web server and have access to them anywhere whenever i need them without having to download them or carry them around on a usb stick .
i have no specific info . vm2 worked fine , using subnet range 192.168.0.x i changed from isp which forced me to use subnet range 192.168.1.x i had no permission on the router to changed the dhcp . so i was forced to change individual vm manually . which causes this problem . the firewal was not changed . so i suspect this does not make a difference . but please correct me if i am wrong .
yes , office and sp 07
no meaningful messages : ( and btw , i have another win10 pc on the same lan and it accesses the share just fine
yes ! i did .
how can i restore my ethernet ?
sorry , i forgot to mention : in my regional settings ( and internet settings ) i have hungary ( which is ok ) and i use 2 keyboard layouts : `en` and `hu` . this was the case before but i noticed a small change : if i swap to `en` the back tick ( **`** ) works if i press it once . before this character issue appeared the back tick was working in a weird way : if i pressed it once nothing happened **but** if i pressed any key after the back tick press *both* characters appeared on the srceen .
it was n't a regex problem obviously . i sorted it out.. i do n't recall the details 'cos i have n't messed with privoxy for a while but it was about getting syntax right in the filters and the action file .
thats the /var/log/messages from the vm
slight speed increase , the notion that the raptor drives are enterprise-drives to begin with and thus possibly more reliable , and the novelty of it ? also having a drive named after a dinosaur , rather than a disgusting fish product ; )
reducing security is not an option .
it lags on multiple systems .
yes , i am using 1280x800 right now ... wich by the way sucks
: ` $ which ls /bin/ls $ ls -- version ls ( fileutils ) 4.1 written by richard stallman and david mackenzie . copyright ( c ) 2001 free software foundation , inc. this is free software ; see the source for copying conditions . there is no warranty ; not even for merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.`
50 mb file with long lines , about 250 kb length .
i 've added a screenshot and further info .
- system - provider [ name ] application popup - eventid 26 [ qualifiers ] 16384 level 4 task 0 keywords 0x80000000000000 - timecreated [ systemtime ] 2011-04-19t20:15:55.000000000z eventrecordid 41303 channel system
windows 7 home premium
when setting up shared folders on the host , i 'm pretty sure i chose `` auto mount '' . where do i find the device to mount ? if i try `` sudo mount /media/sf_seagate2t / mnt/seagate2t '' i get error `` mount : /media/sf_seagate2t is not a block device ''
my account named after me and it belongs to admistrator group . my antivirus is 'ahnlab v3 lite ' . really appreciate if you recommand any free security solutions .
alright , sorry if it was n't clear . in a restaurant environment , the cashier would input customer 's order into a pos system which it would be printed in form of receipt ( order , price , tax and total price ) , would i able to forward that inputted data ( in any legible form ) to another computer in my house , in different network using only printer ? modified printer because in this scenario i ca n't touch the pos system .
thanks for replying ! when i went to the control panel i right clicked on user accounts , system , add & remove and i got the same thing , the option of open or create shortcut when i clicked open nothing happens . at the top of the page under file the properties options is not offered but i can see it in faint gray . the folders program however gave me the option to run as : i did & unchecked that protect file box . it opened !
upload the image ? actually the images was stored into sd card
it happens when i double click any *.rpm file
the options picture is small , but it starts out with cut , copy , and paste options .
no , there is no public folder . also , i 've tried several folders and files , but i ca n't set a single on to public .
creating styles will mean any changes later ( to the text paragraph style ) will have to be done on each of them , and i wo n't be able to easily select all text except headings etc . as for `native word design` - i 'm looking for something even more _native_ - having a paragraph 's text 's indentation be automatically as the preceding text 's _even when the preceding text is a heading_ . ( edited to include `` indentation '' . )
yes i 'm using the nightly version of vlc , because the stable version 2.x.x does n't have the feature of batch conversion .
hi @ braiam , we used yum
i mean to change it so i 've just sold the 570 but have n't yet bought the 970 i 'm gunning for ...
yes , j2k files are not jpg files .
: separate physical drive .
the ssd was ruled out . i had a new one installed with a 1:1 binary copy from the old one and the problem remained .
looking at [ this article ] ( i 'm fairly sure i 'm not on a proxy . the router is sort of like a proxy , but it 's working fine ; i 'm happy to live with the problem .
added more info in the op
i do n't know . this is the reason why i have to ask ! i need a log to see which one it is .
lol , either way , _yes ! _ ( but i think i can get away with it . )
tried audio ... did n't help . like i said , the input levels look fine and it does n't look like its clipping
no , the dock icon is also the old , custom icon . forgot to add that to the question .
i do n't think she could have done this , since she barely understands computers , and she is the only one who uses it , besides me this one time . i can not be 100 % sure it came like this , but i think it is pretty safe to assume it did . the drive is not called recovery , but local disk . the model , as reported on the bottom of the laptop is np305e5a
that would never happen .
does n't work , i get `` invalid argument '' . the file can not be deleted on os x. i am look for how to delete it on windows .
( a toshiba satellite pro p300 running vista )
how can i use `` diskpart '' ? i tried disk management and when i tried to delete my micro sd partition , i see it was not available to delete it .
im shocked this was closed as off topic . all the question asks is given those tools , what wil most likely be the outcome . and if the answer is `` it depends '' at least explain why it will `` depend ''
i need to distribute a bunch of images to different nodes . they are .jpg and .jpeg images . both vms run on ubuntu 14.04 .
i see , you have to install safari then ... i 'll try , thanks : )
yes it is . i tried both the basic synched_folders offered by vagrant , as well as smb ( i 'm experiencing the above problem on both setups .
i 'm using linux , ubuntu 12
i have tried them all . unc is not successful . it seems counter intuitive , but i researched this problem before i posted .
both page info are exactly the same : standard render mode , same content type and encoding .
for the edit . log files have been rotated and are just sitting at 1.6 gig . just wondering why a large file would not show up in a list command
sorry for that . i would n't repeat that . it is just a habit from stackoverflow . i used that line there to mention that i am new to a particular programming language so that even if i ask something very basic at least some one would point me out rather than flagging the question . : )
of course . the send mail is : sendmail -f '' xxxx '' -f '' yyyyy '' $ { zzz } < $ { mail } . i 'm trying to view with outlook 2010 client
bridge is set there
the soundcard works ( and has the right drivers ) , and the volume control application works , it 's just the taskbar icon that does not appear .
i do n't think so , here is the url : - it works fine on all computers within our office so i suspect it 's something to do with the client 's computer/settings .
: thanks . i searched for `` glib '' and this yielded no useful result . i did n't realize that i had to search for `` glib2 '' , and then i get `` glib2.0dev ''
i guess 2013 does n't have 2007 styles ...
it wo n't function when only gprs ( not 3g ) is available due to too low speeds for example , whereas a just being connected to a cellular network you could still make calls independent of the connection type .
currently it 's either adobe reader or foxit reader .
it was properly shut down
yes , in my case it was caused by updated mdadm package , which didnt support intel fake raid . i downgraded to 3.3.2-2 ( which i have installed ever since ) and everything works just fine
on-board . i think i have a separate one somewhere though , i 'll try that out , had n't thought of that
i wo n't be able to test this until wednesday night . i 'll let you know .
i do n't see how that will help ...
because there is no way for this pc to connect to the internet without the wifi device . as soon as i turn off the wifi device , it stops connecting to the internet .
yes , this is the only change i made .
i really do n't know . i went to device information in gparted and it said msdos under partition table . i do n't know if that means anything to you or if it is just me highlighting my lack of understanding .
answer : my bad , a colleague checked my work and saw i checked the box `` do not store password . the task will only have access to local resources '' i did n't read properly the end : (
both . does it matter ? or , are you trying to say that the speed through the wan port is gigabit but 100 mbit through the lan ports ? take the [ netgear r6100 ] ( as an example for my question .
no , i want to change windows inside a gnu screen session
, yeah it absolutely would . i saw that subcommand that looks like an option after digging in the homebrew source code a little bit .
i have two actually : one is a python django dev server and the other is ipython notebook . i am not sure , how do you check ?
no i wrote it wrong . my output was 'ping : can not resolve project.dev : unknown host ' when i ping hello.dev but i fix it . it was related to configure dns servers . but again , when i hello.dev/ on my browser , i see '403 . forbidden . you do n't have permission to access / on this server . ' i think it is related to /users/myusername/sites permission but i do n't know how to fix it .
remote logging .
i cant find the makefile , it just says command not found .
no . i only port forwarded the router i 'm using ( router 1 ) . and how can i port forward through each router ? the static ip address is only on my router ( router 1 ) .
you get me wrong : (
windows 7 ... ... ... ... ..
it is unidentified network . @ ramhound , i 'm not able to right click . i think it has to do with my corporate network settings or something .
realtek acl260 on hda intel
i should have tried that . it looks like it only ask for a password , on the remote , when i use sudo .
nc 2.0 works fine in 32-bits mode and does exactly what i want . the gain would come from it 's internal file viewer which can use more ram on a 64-bits system and thus the viewer might perform faster .
given a root folder generate random tree of folders under it . there can be a maximum of 30 folders which can form any tree structures . generate 1000 files and distribute them randomly among these folders
i am . i guess i forgot to say that .
i do n't know the internals . i 've created the folder with the admin panel ( which you access trough the browser ) and you can set who has access to what . i did n't create the folder with windows ...
yes , you are right ! i figured out that copy /b is really not the problem because i tried to concatenate filebytes using c # streams and that same issue is also with that . so is there any solution for the winrar problem ?
the programs i use which uses certain ports behave as if the ports are closed . sniffing indicates that the ports are closed . all i can think of , with my limited knowledge , is to forward them ( since they are not blocked my the isp ) .
: yes , should i try to go try from a friend 's pc ? by the way , http : /externalip only works and open the router setting page .
i will do it . i am wondering is there still anyway that i can find out who did it ?
found the issue ; blanks in column a were n't truly blank . selected data ; cntl+f ; replaced nothing with `` qwerty '' and then viceversa . -- > problem solved : d
mac ( cr ) , windows ( crlf ) and linux ( lf ) . i 'm sure there 's more out there but those are the eol 's i care about . i 'll modify the question .
yes , it is all great now ! thanks for finally giving me the push to clean up my vimrc ! i am not going to agonize on over the root cause . yak = shaved : )
thanks for your prompt answers . i edited my message with some more info .
hi thanks all for your reply.i am in the uk.i get the usual error when you can not connect to any site.tried the above but not lack.it seems to work with ip addresses but not names
that looks like it will help me . one question though . how can i point my local machine to the bind server without touching my lan router config ? this is why i thought dnsmasq could help by just pointing to the bind server .
how do i fix it : )
it displays these : `/applications/xampp/xamppfiles/bin/mysql` , `/applications/xampp/xamppfiles/bin//mysql` 2nd one looks fishy !
: i think so , via software recommendations se : [ image manipulation library that can do reverse 3d projection ] (
paul : i do n't understand ? i got problem to boot at all my os . now i 'm wondering why i ca n't boot with windows recovery my pc and only with chainloader ? do this sound weird ?
as i 've said , the warranty voids if i remove the sticker and i 'm not able to get the laptop fixed till next thursday , and the question is if there is anything i can do to get it working earlier
i do n't have control on file names .
re : windows - true but some power management setup may be specific to windows ( or even specific to certain versions ) .
but it appeared only when i was deleting partitions ... ok , i am running memtest86 atm
yes . but how this can matter ? torrent downloads hard while task manager shows zero for it .
i tried running the application from within the dmg and it works fine . it 's only when i try to copy it somewhere outside of the dmg that i get the error . for this reason i 'm pretty sure its a mac os x problem , but i still do n't know how to fix it .
- i am not worried about getting into trouble . it is the head of department that is asking me to do this for him ( with his own router ) , so he will take responsibility for it . i am just trying to get this done without having to wait forever for our network people to finally get around to it .
yes , it does span multiple line .
i do own a brother wireless printer , yes . after i disabled communication between wireless devices there have been no more problems but i still do n't know how this could have happened .
yes i have admin credentials .
i clearly stated that i wanted to upload an image to submit an application but at the same time i thought about a link inside an image itself . thanks for down voting at least give an explanation . it is a sudden idea so i asked if it is possible or not . like down voting ? why then use this website if community ca n't explain and be friendly ?
followup questions : the white cable is to used connect the speaker on the tester card to the speaker output connector on the motherboard , in the event that there is no speaker already on the motherboard . it turns out both of my motherboards already have speakers on them , so that white cable is n't used .
windows 7 64 bit
edit : windows 7 is the os installed on most machines on our home network , with a windows xp machine and a windows server 2008 machine also connected . the router model is 2701hg-g gateway and the software version is 5.29.133.27 sorry about the lack of information , i do n't know much about routers so i was n't sure what to include initially .
nothing . it is connected to ups and consumes 5 w only . further , it does not start automatically when power restores . i tested it .
i mean the part of the laptop that opens up and closes . the entire top half of the laptop .
yes , for use with autosave . i am not interested in sublimetext , thanks . notepad++ saves sessions too , just does n't assign unique filenames .
: apparently , no , it is not ; that command returns an error message pop-up : `` loadlibrary ( `` [ file ] '' ) failed - the specified module could not be found . ''
ok ! updating the q
i can only ping it when i hit the paperclip button during the boot process and it goes into recovery mode .
unfortunately there are not . and adding a number or a version to the file would also mean rewriting around 200 other scripts , which is unfortunately not an option at the moment . i believe -z check for modified date , and it has been working good for upgrading the files , however i want to just use the file difference as a reference on whether it should execute the bash script or not .
it 's a virtual image for testing tasks
, added the error i get when manually starting to the question . cheers
: i upgraded from win 7 home to win 10 home for free , but had to pay for upgrading from win 10 home to win 10 pro as far as i could tell .
this is mainly for data recovery issues . actually , i found a solution : cd to the file system and issue **hdparm -- fibmap** command which give the list of lbas . but does n't work on disk images .
i have fog configured to my servers dhcp if that is what you mean .
there is 32gb ram on the pc but i 'm not sure if this is what you ask ?
graphic output as in hdmi , vga , etc .
please do n't get me started , lol . why am i the one who pioneered our imaging initiative when i 'm just tier 2 support ?
i would have agreed with you had the original post been focused exclusively on the script command .
i 've restarted ; shutdown , waited , & restarted ; restarted with the volume up button held down ; and a couple of other things . no dice .
oh wow , `mebibytes` and `kibibytes` ? i need to go rethink my life now . : p
the grub loader has a linux option , and windows option . whenever i try to windows option ( it appears as windowns 8 ) it gives me an error about not being able to load up or something ...
edit : the names in a are not in order , column b lists what row to paste the name to in column c
what do i do , @ karan ? i 've even tried ending the firefox process tree from the task manager , but the download resumes automatically as soon as firefox starts again .
windows 7 ultimate , but the problem persisted in windows 8.1 also
below is a snapshot of the files . as you will see some are a mapped drive on the server and some are the direct link . i : \invoices\assets\2013\9 mar 2013\oam\cf0096.pdf i : \human resources\pronto\c\casey , scott\02 - employee details\casey , brown - social club form.pdf i : \invoices\assets\2013\8 feb 2013\assets transferred from ocm to oam & oa\cf0235.pdf \\svdalby1\doc central\invoices\assets\2013\7 jan 2013\civil_gas cylinder storage cage.pdf \\svdalby1\doc central\invoices\assets\2013\7 jan 2013\civil_gas cylinder storage cage.pdf
originally it is a .pdf but i made a script that checks the existence of another ( sort of validation ) file in the same dir ( only if that validation file is present , then the .pdf gets executed ) . i converted the script to an .exe file so my answer to your question is **.exe**
its dlink dir-600m wireless router . im using windows 8.1 64bit
yes , i linked all of file in first comment , [ this ] ( is result.i need to compile final text by other program and if it has wrong form in notepad it ca n't be compile . the feature which i need exist in notepad and are n't odd that do n't support them .
thank you . sorry for being late , i was not notified of your answer . actually this has been solved , see here :
nothing happens . also the context menu is limited to `` open '' ( which does nothing ) and `` create shortcut ''
i believe ubuntu is . how do i change it to windows ?
i 'm booting all the way from it , including loading the os . so perhaps not *strictly* speaking just booting . but in the most common use of the word , i 'm `` booting '' from it .
it is unidirectional replication .
yes the network is dhcp enabled .
that 's why i 'd like to be able to do it in parallels . there may be config options , but i 've searched and have n't found any .
there are no hidden files or system files
i could not able to remove all the four pattens from the file .
i can change the permissions back , but i would like to know how to stop this from happening .
brandon , no , how to install it ? ? ? bilinkc , i cant find any sql service in services.msc
've used a registry modification to disable the computer from actually restarting on it 's own ( usually there is a countdown timer ) , but the above popup remains . i just want windows to install important updates and leave me alone until i decide to restart on my own time . i
yes , it does not log them .
i will try to boot in safe mode .
maybe because it 's scriptable , but okay , other programs are allowed too , it 's just i do n't really know what to search for so i am asking here ( because mostly i will google the hell out of a problem and look at 1000+ sites until i give up ) .
yes but i 'm trying to find a solution that does n't involve any extra hardware . but thanks for the suggestion .
haha . yes , old memories kicked in and i did degauss it a few times , did n't help at all .
when isp provider tried to connect line to wan port it cant access internet . but when connected to lan port then i can access internet on computer . i dont know why he has connection like this
yes , using safe mode i could use the hotkeys for a long time . back to normal mode , i tried to see on system explorer which program is messing up , but it 's hard to identify on 'naked eyes ' .
where should i look ?
i have tried all types of tests . i took restore point also . it listed all the installed applications then.later i was able to see that iweb and senses were again present in my system again . so i tried to uninstall them . and now i again see no entry in the list .
first , uac triggered ( i declined ) . then it somehow ran anyway and started begging me to install some kind of fake antivirus in the system tray..
well , obviously ( i hope ) i do n't want to just have empty passphrases on my ssh , but yes - i would just like it to keep my ssh keys loaded unless i am , in fact , logging in again ( either through ssh or tty , or through x , i suppose )
it 's an oracle db , but i 'm using bmc 's ar system odbc driver . i just found out that the driver does not have any date functions built in to it , so i can not do what i 'd like to do . : (
imo it mainly focused on processes and threads and topics related to them e.g . scheduling algorithms , shared address space , concurrency etc .
i used wrong formating for my flash thou it is still strange that installation was affected .
: it comes with an uninstaller but odd enough but when i do uninstall it , it comes back later and only causes problems . this behavior is very virus-like . serious programs should n't resist from being uninstalled . the chrome issue still exists , external applications can view the passwords in chrome . check out chromepass to see what i mean .
os is linux , but that should n't matter .
curiously , the string 'found ' does not appear in sshd.conf or any file within /etc/fail2ban . @ cybernard i definitely agree ; the problem is that fail2ban is already banning ssh attempts , and password-based ssh is disabled on the system ( key-based ssh only ) .
-- -- -- -- -- **update ! ** google has released a chrome extension to allow users to block individual site from google search results ! [ personal blocklist ( by google ) ] [ 1 ] . * ( since this question has been closed , i can not answer it . ) * ! [ enter image description here ] [ 2 ] [ 1 ] : [ 2 ] :
i 've just updated the question with the config file
i 'd probably have tried the lid-flipping thing ... if this was a laptop . ; - )
that was it ! repeat it as an answer and get the points .
